March 21, 2024
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
c/o Kira Morales
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
MALVERN, PA 19335

Re: K233753
    Trade/Device Name: AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, QIH
    Dated: February 20, 2024
    Received: February 20, 2024

Dear Kira Morales:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233753 - Kira Morales                                                               Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for UseI
===============Submission Number (if known)
   K233753
  Device Name
   Al-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) I

   Indications for Use (Describe)
  Al-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is image processing software that provides quantitative and
   qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to
   support radiologists and physicians from specialty care and general practice in the evaluation
  and assessment of disease of the lungs.
     It provides the following functionality:
    • Segmentation and measurements of complete lung and lung lobes
    • Identification of areas with lower Hounsfield values in comparison to a predefined
   threshold for complete lung and lung lobes
    • Providing an interface to external Medical Device syngo.CT Lung CAD
    • Segmentation and measurements of solid and sub-solid lung nodules
    • Dedication of found lung nodules to corresponding lung lobe
    • Correlation of segmented lung nodules of current scan with known priors and quantitative
  assessment of changes of the correlated data.
    • Identification of areas with elevated Hounsfield values, where areas with elevated versus high
   opacities are distinguished.

  The software has been validated for data from Siemens Healthineers (filtered backprojection
  and iterative reconstruction), GE Healthcare (filtered backprojection reconstruction), and
   Philips (filtered backprojection reconstruction).

   Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.
  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
          The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
            time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                 '~n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K233753


              510(k) SUMMARY
              FOR
     AI-RAD COMPANION (Pulmonary)
              SW version VA40

                                    Submitted by:
                         Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                              40 Liberty Boulevard
                                  Malvern, PA 19355
                            Date Prepared: March 18, 2024

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

1. Submitter

Importer/Distributor         Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                              40 Liberty Boulevard
                                 Malvern, PA 19355
                                     Registration Number: 2240869

Manufacturing Site           Siemens Healthcare GmbH
                                  Henkestrasse 127
                                   Erlangen, Germany 91052
                                     Registration Number: 3002808157

2. Contact Person
Kira Morales
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19335
Phone: +1 (484) 901 - 9471
Email: kira.morales@siemens-healthineers.com

3. Device Name and Classification

Product Name:                 AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
Trade Name:                   AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
Classification Name:            Computed Tomography X-Ray System


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     1

Classification Panel:              Radiology
CFR Section:                   21 CFR §892.1750
Secondary CFR Section:         21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:                     Class II
Product Code:              JAK
Secondary Product Code:       QIH

4. Predicate Device
Product Name:                  AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
Propriety Trade Name:            AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
510(k) Number:                K213713
Clearance Date:                  August 11, 2022
Classification Name:             Computed Tomography X-Ray System
Classification Panel:               Radiology
CFR Section:                   21 CFR §892.1750
Secondary CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:                      Class II
Primary Product Code:         JAK
Secondary Product Code:        QIH
Recall Information:            N/A

5. Indications for Use
AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is image processing software that provides quantitative and
qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to
support radiologists and physicians from specialty care and general practice in the evaluation and
assessment of disease of the lungs.

It provides the following functionality:

   •  Segmentation and measurements of complete lung and lung lobes
   •   Identification of areas with lower Hounsfield values in comparison to a predefined
       threshold for complete lung and lung lobes
   •  Providing an interface to external Medical Device syngo.CT Lung CAD
   •  Segmentation and measurements of solid and sub-solid lung nodules
   •  Dedication of found lung nodules to corresponding lung lobe
   •   Correlation of segmented lung nodules of current scan with known priors and quantitative
       assessment of changes of the correlated data.
   •   Identification of areas with elevated Hounsfield values, where areas with elevated versus
       high opacities are distinguished.

The software has been validated for data from Siemens Healthineers (filtered backprojection and
iterative reconstruction), GE Healthcare (filtered backprojection reconstruction), and Philips
(filtered backprojection reconstruction).


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     2

Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.

Modified Indications for Use Assessment

The Indications for Use for AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) VA40 was updated to introduce the
sub-solid lung nodule segmentation feature compared to the predicate. Additionally, the removal
of the intended users “emergency medicine” and “urgent care” physicians was a clarification to
further align with the intended user profiles and the risk analysis. The Indications for Use
statement has been modified to provide a more accurate description of the extension’s
functionality but does not represent a new intended use in comparison to the predicate.

6. Device Description

The subject device AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is an image processing software that utilizes
machine learning and deep learning algorithms to provide quantitative and qualitative analysis
from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support qualified clinicians
in the evaluation and assessment of disease of the thorax. AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
builds on platform functionality provided by the AI-Rad Companion Engine and cloud/edge
functionality provided by the Siemens Healthineers teamplay digital platform. AI-Rad
Companion (Pulmonary) is an adjunct tool and does not replace the role of a qualified medical
professional. AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is also not designed to detect the presence of
radiographic findings other than the prespecified list. Qualified medical professionals should
review original images for all suspected pathologies.

AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) offers:

    •  Segmentation of lungs,
    •  Segmentation of lung lobes,
    •  Parenchyma evaluation,
    •  Parenchyma ranges,
    •  Pulmonary density,
    •   Visualization of segmentation and parenchyma results,
    •   Interface to LungCAD,
    •  Lesion segmentation,
    •   Visualization of lesion segmentation results,
    •  Lesion follow-up

AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) requires images of patients of 22 years and older.

AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) SW version VA40 is an enhancement to the previously cleared
device AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) (K213713) that utilizes machine and deep learning
algorithms to provide quantitative and qualitative analysis to computed tomography DICOM
images to support qualified clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of disease of the thorax.

As an update to the previously cleared device, the following modifications have been made:

       •  Sub-solid Lung Nodule Segmentation


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     3

This feature provides the ability to segment and measure all subtypes of lesions
              including solid and sub-solid lesions.
          •  Modified Indications for Use Statement
           The indications for use statement was updated to include descriptive text for sub-solid
             lung nodule addition.

          •  Updated Subject Device Claims List
           The claims list was updated to reflect the new device functionality

          •  Updated Limitations for Use
              Additional limitations for use has been added to the subject device.


   7. Technological Characteristics
   The comparison between the above referenced predicate device are listed at a high-level in the
   following table.

   Feature              Subject Device                   Predicate Device         Comparison
              AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)  AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)     Results
                      VA40                         (K213713)
Modality      CT                      CT                                    Identical
Segmentation of  Creation of a lung segmentation      Creation of a lung segmentation       Identical
lungs          mask by combining the           mask by combining the
                 segmentation masks of 5 lung        segmentation masks of 5 lung
                   lobes.                                 lobes.
Segmentation of  Computation of segmentation       Computation of segmentation         Identical
lung lobes       masks of the five lung lobes (right   masks of the five lung lobes (right
                upper (RUL), right middle (RML),   upper (RUL), right middle (RML),
                    right lower (RLL), left upper (LUL)  right lower (RLL), left upper (LUL)
                and left lower (LLL) lobe) for a      and left lower (LLL) lobe) for a
                 given CT data set of the chest.       given CT data set of the chest.

Parenchyma     The parenchyma evaluation uses    The parenchyma evaluation uses      Identical
evaluation        the lobe mask, counts all voxels per   the lobe mask, counts all voxels per
                   lobe, counts image voxels below -    lobe, counts image voxels below -
               950 HU, and calculates the         950 HU, and calculates the
                 percentages of these voxels relative   percentages of these voxels relative
                   to the total number of voxels.         to the total number of voxels.
                  Additionally, it sums the individual   Additionally, it sums the individual
                 lobe results and calculates the        lobe results and calculates the
                 percentage for the complete lung.     percentage for the complete lung.

Parenchyma     The percentages are likewise       The percentages are likewise          Identical
Ranges           dedicated to the 4 ranges. Name of   dedicated to the 4 ranges. Name of
                 ranges and their ranges are           ranges and their ranges are
                  configurable by the user.             configurable by the user.

   AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
    Traditional 510(k)                                                                     4

Pulmonary       AI‐based identification of areas      AI‐based identification of areas       Identical
Density          with elevated Hounsfield values.     with elevated Hounsfield values.
                 Threshold‐based identification of     Threshold‐based identification of
                  highest elevated Hounsfield values   highest elevated Hounsfield values
                   inside these elevated regions, by a    inside these elevated regions, by a
                  predefined threshold of ‐200 HU     predefined threshold of ‐200 HU
Visualization of  Color overlay of MPR and VRT     Color overlay of MPR and VRT      Identical
segmentation     with evaluation results              with evaluation results
and parenchyma
results


Interface to       Interface to syngo.CT LungCAD     Interface to syngo.CT LungCAD      Identical
LungCAD
Lesion          Segmentation of solid and sub-solid  Segmentation of lung lesions        Enhanced –
segmentation     lung lesions including the following  including the following data:         addition of
                   data:                                 •  Relative change of           sub-solid
                    •  Relative change of              maximum 2D diameter [%]   lesion
                   maximum 2D diameter [%]      •   relative change of           segmentation
                    •   relative change of              maximum orthogonal 2D
                   maximum orthogonal 2D            diameter [%]
                         diameter [%]                   •   relative change of mean 2D
                    •   relative change of mean 2D          diameter [%],
                         diameter [%],                    •   relative change of
                      •   relative change of              maximum 3D diameter [%]
                   maximum 3D diameter [%]      •  Relative change of volume
                    •  Relative change of volume          (volume doubling time [d],
                       (volume doubling time [d],           negative growth [%])
                         negative growth [%])

Visualization of  Color overlay of MPR and VRT     Color overlay of MPR and VRT      Identical
lesion           with evaluation                     with evaluation
segmentation
results
Lesion follow-    Correlation of segmented lung        Correlation of segmented lung        Identical
up                lesions with known priors using the   lesions with known priors using the
                  data from the lesion segmentation.    data from the lesion segmentation.
Deployment     Cloud and Edge (on-premise)       Cloud and Edge (on-premise)         Identical
                deployments                      deployments
    Table 1: Technological Comparisons

   8. Nonclinical Tests
   Non-clinical tests were conducted to test the functionality of AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary).
   Software validation and bench testing have been conducted to assess the performance claims as
   well as the claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


   AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
    Traditional 510(k)                                                                     5

AI-Rad Companion has been tested to meet the requirements of conformity to multiple industry
standards. Non-clinical performance testing demonstrates that AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
complies with the FDA guidance document, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions” (June 14, 2023) as well as with the following
voluntary FDA recognized Consensus Standards listed in Table 1 below.

                                                        Reference     Standards
 Recognition   Product
                                     Title of Standard       Number and  Development
  Number      Area
                                                        Date      Organization
 5-129        General     Medical Devices – Application   62366-1:      IEC
                             of usability engineering to       2020-06
                           medical devices [including
                         Corrigendum 1 (2016)]
 5-125        General     Medical Devices – application    14971 Third   ISO
                             of risk management to medical    Edition 2019-
                            devices                      12
 13-79         Software/   Medical device software –       62304 Edition  IEC
               Informatics  software life cycle processes      1.1 2015-06
                             [Including Amendment 1         Consolidated
                            (2016)]
 12-349       Radiology   Digital Imaging and           PS 3.1 – 3.20  NEMA
                         Communications in Medicine    2022d
                     (DICOM) Set
 5-134        Radiology   Medical devices – symbols to    15223-1      ISO
                         be used with information to be    Fourth
                            supplied by the manufacturer     Edition 2021-
                                                    07
Table 2: Voluntary Conformance Standards

Verification and Validation
Non-clinical tests were conducted on the subject device during product development. Software
“bench” testing in the form of Unit, System and Integration tests were performed to evaluate the
performance and functionality of the new features and software updates. All testable
requirements in the Requirement Specifications and the Risk Analysis have been successfully
verified and traced in accordance with the Siemens Healthineers DH product development
(lifecycle) process. Human factor usability validation is addressed in system testing and usability
validation test records. Software verification and regression testing have been performed
successfully to meet their previously determined acceptance criteria as stated in the test plans.

Siemens Healthineers adheres to the cybersecurity requirements as defined the FDA Guidance
“Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
Submissions” (September 27, 2023) by implementing a process of preventing unauthorized
access, modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use of information that is
stored, accessed, or transferred from a medical device to an external recipient.


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     6

9. Performance Software Validation
To validate AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) VA40 software from a clinical perspective, the
lesion segmentation algorithm underwent a scientific evaluation. The results of clinical databased software validation for the subject device, AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)VA40,
demonstrated substantially equivalent performance in comparison to the predicate device. The
performance of the sub-solid lesion segmentation algorithm was analyzed against the predicate’s
performance of solid nodule segmentation. The additional features of AI-Rad Companion
(Pulmonary) were unchanged from the predicate and did not undergo a new scientific evaluation.

Performance testing for AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) lesion segmentation algorithm was
performed on multiple vendor test data from 273 subjects in the United States and 254 subjects
in Germany.

Acceptance Criteria:

 Validation Type                Target
 Failure Rate                 < 1%
 Accuracy for Solid & Calcified    Average DICE ≥ predicate
 nodules                                  Bias & RMSE ≤ predicate
                         LoA in line with predicate LoA
 Accuracy for sub-solid nodules    Performance was analyzed in relation to the predicate’s
                                       solid nodule segmentation performance

                              Median nodule size range for sub-solid is 10mm-20mm

                         LoA for 10mm-20mm ≥ 95% for all three diameter
                                    metrics
 DICE score                    Average DICE score for sub-solid nodules ≥ average
                          DICE for predicate solid nodules
 Consistency of Subgroup results   Average DICE not smaller than DICE of overall cohort
                               minus 1 STD
                                  Bias of three metrics not exceed ±1 STD
                      RMSE of three metrics not exceed RMSE of overall
                                   cohort +1 STD each
Table 3: Acceptance Criteria for Subject Device Performance


Testing Data Information:


 Category                               Frequency
 Manufacturer                               Canon/Toshiba: 18
                                     GE: 35
                                                    Philips: 15
                                            Siemens: 32


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     7

US: 69
 Data Origin                             Germany: 31
                                      Low: 31
 Dose                                        Conventional: 69
                                                Contrasted: 47
 Contrast Enhancement                         Native: 53
                                              ≤1.25: 37
 Slice Thickness [mm]                           (1.25-2]: 25
                                                    (2-3]: 38
                                                 [21-40): 17
 Age group [years]                              [40-60): 28
                                                 [60-70): 24
                                                 [70-80): 21
                                            ≥80: 10
                                                  Solid: 90
 Nodule type                                     Calcified: 12
                                                 Sub-solid: 98
                                                    [3-6): 25
 Nodule Size Range [mm]                       [6-10): 22
                                                 [10-20): 33
                                                 [20-30]: 7
                                           Male: 47
 Patient Sex                                Female: 53
Table 4: Testing Data Characteristics for subject device

Testing Summary

AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) VA40 performed significantly better than the predicate device
(K213713). For the existing solid and calcified nodule types and sizes, the average DICE
coefficient was greater than that of the predicate. For sub-solid nodules, the average DICE
coefficient of the subject device was superior to the average DICE coefficient of the predicate
device for solid nodules. The subject device also met its individual subgroup analysis acceptance
criterion for all subgroups.

Standard Annotation Process:

For the testing data the ground truth annotations were established independently by two board
certified radiologists (10 and 7 years of experience, respectively). In case of disagreement a third
radiologist (9 years of experience) served as an adjudicator.

Testing & Training Data Independence:

None of the clinical sites providing the test data provided data for training of any of the
algorithms. Therefore there is a clear independence on site level between training and test data.

10. Summary of Nonclinical Tests


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     8

Based on the nonclinical performance documented within the Scientific Evaluation, AI-Rad
Companion (Pulmonary) VA40 was found to substantially equivalent to the predicate. Since the
predicate device was cleared based on the results of the prior conducted scientific evaluation, the
same methodology was required to support the substantial equivalence. The nonclinical data and
verification and validation results supports the substantial equivalence of the subject device in
that it performs as well as or better than to the predicate device that is currently marketed.
11. Summary Clinical Tests
The predicate (K213713) was not validated using clinical tests and therefore no clinical tests
were conducted to test the performance and functionality of the modifications introduced within
AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary). Verification and validation of the enhancements and
improvements have been performed and these modifications have been validated for their
intended use. The data from these activities were used to support the subject device and the
substantial equivalence argument. No animal testing has been performed on the subject device.

12. Safety and Effectiveness
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
ensure safe and effective use of the device.

Risk management is ensured via ISO 14971:2019 compliance to identify and provide mitigation
of potential hazards in a risk analysis early in the design phase and continuously throughout the
development of the product. These risks are controlled via measures realized during software
development, testing and product labeling.

Furthermore, the device is intended for healthcare professionals familiar with the post processing
of CT images.

13. Substantial Equivalence and Conclusion

AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is substantially equivalent to the follow predicate device
(Table 5):
                  FDA Clearance    FDA Clearance
     Predicate Device                                     Main Product Code
                       Number             Date
   AI-Rad Companion
                          K213713        August 11, 2022         JAK
       (Pulmonary)
Table 5: Predicate device for AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)

AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) has the same intended use and similar technical characteristics
compared to the predicate device, AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) [K213713], with respect to
the software features, functionalities and core algorithms. The enhancements and improvements
provided in AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) increase the clinical utility and reduce the
complexity of the imaging workflow for the clinical user. The conclusions from all verification
and validation data suggest that these enhancements are equivalent with respect to safety and
effectiveness of the predicate device. These modifications do not change the intended use of the
product.


AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)                               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                     9