May 7, 2024

Kestra Medical Technologies, Inc.
Jay Wiese
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
3933 Lake Washington Boulevard NE
Suite 200
Kirkland, Washington 98033

Re: K233864
    Trade/Device Name: ASSURE Wearable ECG
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2800
    Regulation Name: Medical Magnetic Tape Recorder
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MWJ, DXH
    Dated: April 9, 2024
    Received: April 9, 2024

Dear Jay Wiese:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233864 - Jay Wiese                                                                 Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                             Jennifer W. Shih -S
                                                Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K233864
Device Name
ASSURE Wearable ECG (80553-001)
Indications for Use (Describe)
The ASSURE Wearable ECG is indicated for adult patients who have been prescribed this device by
a medical professional, who were previously prescribed the ASSURE WCD system, and who may
be asymptomatic or who may suffer from transient symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of
breath, dizziness, light-headedness, presyncope, syncope, fatigue, or anxiety. The signal acquired
by the ASSURE Wearable ECG is not intended and should not be used for automated or semiautomated analysis. The device does not deliver any therapy, administer any drugs, provide
interpretive or diagnostic statements, or provide for any life support.
The ASSURE Wearable ECG is contraindicated for use in patients with an active implantable
pacemaker or defibrillator.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary (K233864)

Date Prepared: April 9, 2024

I. General Information
Applicant:
Kestra Medical Technologies, Inc.
3933 Lake Washington Blvd NE
Ste 200
Kirkland, WA 98033 USA
Phone: 425-526-4927
Fax: 415-632-5701
Contact Person:
Bev Magrane
VP, Quality and Regulatory Affairs
Email: beverly.magrane@kestramedical.com

II. Device Information
Trade Name:
ASSURE Wearable ECG
Generic/Common Name:
Classification Regulation:            21 CFR 870.2800
Classification Name:                  Medical Magnetic Tape Recorder
Regulatory Class:                    Class II
Product Codes:               MWJ Electrocardiograph, Ambulatory (Without Analysis)
                          DXH Transmitters and Receivers, Electrocardiograph, Telephone
III. Predicate Devices
The following predicate devices have been selected:
Primary Predicate Device:                 Biotricity Biotres system
Predicate Clearance                K211709 (19 Jan 2022)
Classification Regulation:            21 CFR 870.2800
Classification Name:                  Medical Magnetic Tape Recorder
Regulatory Class:                    Class II
Product Code:               MWJ Electrocardiograph, Ambulatory (Without Analysis)

Secondary Predicate Device:              Biotricity Bioflux system
Predicate Clearance                K172311 (15 Dec 2017)
Classification Regulation:            21 CFR 870.2920
Classification Name:                 Telephone Electrocardiograph Transmitter and Receiver
Regulatory Class:                    Class II
Product Code:                DXH Transmitters and Receivers, Electrocardiograph, Telephone

IV. Indications for Use
The ASSURE Wearable ECG is indicated for adult patients who have been prescribed this device by a medical
professional, who were previously prescribed the ASSURE WCD system, and who may be asymptomatic or
who may suffer from transient symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, lightheadedness, presyncope, syncope, fatigue, or anxiety. The signal acquired by the ASSURE Wearable ECG is

kestramedical.com                     Kestra Medical Technologies, Inc.       +1 (425) 279-8002 main
                                  3933 Lake Washington Blvd NE        +1 (800) 957-0028 toll-free
                                          Suite 200                          +1 (425) 279-8040 fax
                                            Kirkland, WA 98033

K233864
Page 2


not intended and should not be used for automated or semi-automated analysis. The device does not deliver
any therapy, administer any drugs, provide interpretive or diagnostic statements or provide for any life
support.

The ASSURE Wearable ECG is contraindicated for use in patients with an active implantable pacemaker or
defibrillator.

V. Intended Use
The ASSURE Wearable ECG continuously monitors heart rate information. Event data, which is automatically
stored for low and high heart rates and patient-triggered events, is intended to aid medical professionals as
they monitor various clinical conditions, events, and trends. The ASSURE Wearable ECG is intended for use
by a patient during their normal daily activities primarily in the home or community setting, but also hospitals,
medical clinics, healthcare facilities and transport.

VI. Device Description
The ASSURE Wearable ECG is a reusable, ambulatory electrocardiography-based, cardiac- and physiologicmonitoring, medical-electrical system whose intended purpose is to inform clinical management of options for
diagnosing, monitoring and/or mitigating cardiac conditions after patient’s improvement following ASSURE®
Wearable Cardioverter Defibrillator (WCD) prescriptive use. The system utilizes the same five-electrode
SensorFit™ Garment worn previously with the WCD prescription. The system continuously records ECG data
and upon detection, it identifies and records episodes as high and low heart rate, as well as patient-triggered
events. The system utilizes the same algorithm detection and episode reporting software marketed in the
ASSURE WCD with high (Tachy) and low (Brady) capture for later transmission to the medical professional
for interpretation. The system captures and stores ECG episodes, and non-ECG patient activity and wear
information to be displayed and reported in counters and trends. Recorded events include ECG waveforms
and reports identifying high and low heart rates, as well as patient-triggered events. The system uses a 3-
axis accelerometer to monitor non-ECG patient activity (steps and wear time).

The ASSURE Wearable ECG event reports do not contain diagnostic interpretation. The reported events are
provided for review by the prescriber to assist in diagnosis and/or prognosis of the recently transitioned WCD
patient and to assess care options based on the healthcare professional's judgment and experience.

The ASSURE Wearable Cardiac ECG is a prescription use device. The ASSURE Wearable ECG is intended
for use by a patient during their normal daily activities primarily in the home or community setting, but also
hospitals, medical clinics, healthcare facilities and transport. The device is non-invasive, reusable, and
intended to be used on one patient at a time.

The Wearable Cardiac ECG System is comprised of the following reusable patient-worn components:
    •   Monitor Cable Assembly – Houses the primary electronics, embedded application software,
       communication modules, and ECG signal acquisition hardware. It includes a Hub, Alert Button and
        Battery Connector.
    •  Hub – Physical housing for the primary Wearable ECG electronics and 3-axis accelerometer. The Hub
       provides a means for connecting the Monitor Cable to the Garment.
    •   Alert Button – Provides audio, tones and voice prompts as well as vibratory alerts and a button for the
       user to provide input.
    •   Battery Pack – Rechargeable Lithium-Ion battery.
    •   SensorFit™ Garment – This is the same PMA-approved (P200037) garment previously worn with the
    WCD and fitted according to body size and body style. The Garment includes built-in ECG electrodes
      and provides a method of affixing the Hub, Alert Button, and Battery Pack for proper placement during
        operation.
    •   Charger – Medical-grade AC-DC power adaptor and USB-C power cable.

K233864
Page 3


VII. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device
The subject ASSURE Wearable ECG has the same intended use as the predicate devices. The differences in
the technological characteristics between the subject and predicate devices do not raise any issues of safety
or effectiveness as the fundamental scientific technology and intended use is unchanged.

The ASSURE Wearable ECG is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate devices. A comparison
table outlining the similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate devices is provided
in the Summary Table below.

Category        Wearable ECG (subject)        Biotres (predicate) K211709  Bioflux (secondary) K172311

Indications for     The ASSURE Wearable ECG is  The Biotres is indicated for    The bioflux Device is intended for
Use                indicated for adult patients who   use on adult patients 18 years  use by patients who either have or
                 have been prescribed this         or older who may be           are at risk of having cardiac disease
                   device by a medical             asymptomatic or who suffer    and those that demonstrate
                     professional, who were          from transient symptoms such  intermittent symptoms indicative of
                    previously prescribed the        as palpitations, shortness of    cardiac disease and require cardiac
             ASSURE WCD system, and       breath, dizziness, light         monitoring on a continuing basis for
               who may be asymptomatic or     headedness, pre-syncope,    up to 30 days. The device
               who may suffer from transient     syncope, fatigue, chest pain    continuously records ECG data and
                symptoms such as palpitations,   and/or anxiety and may       upon detection by an ECG analysis
                   shortness of breath, dizziness,    require cardiac recording on a  algorithm or manually initiated by the
                   light-headedness, presyncope,    continuous basis for up to 30    patient, automatically delivers the
                  syncope, fatigue, or anxiety. The  days. The signal acquired by   recorded cardiac activity to the
                     signal acquired by the Wearable  the Biotres is not intended      server where it is presented and can
             ECG is not intended and should  and should not be used for    be reviewed by a medical
                    not be used for automated or     automated or semi-automated  professional.
                  semi-automated analysis. The     analysis.
                                                                   The data received from the bioflux                   device does not deliver any
                                                                                device can be used by another                    therapy, administer any drugs,
                                                                                device for arrhythmia analysis,                   provide interpretive or diagnostic
                                                                                        reporting and signal measurements.                   statements or provide for any life
                                                                   The Bioflux device is not intended to                    support.
                                                                       sound any alarms. The device does
                                                                                    not deliver any therapy, administer
                                                                        any drugs, provide interpretive or
                                                                                      diagnostic statements or provide for
                                                                        any life support.

                                                                                              bioflux is for prescription use only.

Classification      Recorder, Magnetic Tape,        Recorder, Magnetic Tape,      Telephone electrocardiograph
Name             Medical                        Medical                         transmitter and receiver


Product Code    MWJ, DXH              MWJ                 DXH

K233864
Page 4


Category        Wearable ECG (subject)        Biotres (predicate) K211709  Bioflux (secondary) K172311

Defibrillator       The ECG Electrodes in the       Not Defibrillator Proof, 8.5.5.2
Protection        WCD-approved Garment are      of IEC 60601-1 passed
                      classified as defibrillation-proof
                    applied parts.

Wear Time       Up to 30 Days              Up to 30 Days            Up to 30 Days

Recording Format  Continuously monitors ECG and  Continuous                  Captures patient-activated and autoactivity data. Data is auto-                                         triggered events such as
                     triggered for events such as                                     Bradycardia, Tachycardia, pause and
                   Bradycardia and Tachycardia, as                                        Atrial Fibrillation as identified by an
                       identified by an embedded                              embedded arrhythmia detection
                   arrhythmia detection algorithm;                                   algorithm
                and stored as low and high heart
                     rate episodes and patienttriggered events

Delivered device  ECG monitor with 5-electrode     -3 lead ECG monitor          Device has at least 2 ECG channels
includes          WCD-supplied garment                                   and 3-lead electrodes
                                                             -internal rechargeable battery
                      Internal rechargeable battery
                                                       -Wall Battery charger
                   Wall Battery charger

Monitor functional  Analog ECG front end,          Analog ECG front end, MCU,   Analog ECG front end, MCU, Flash
blocks             accelerometer, MCU, eMMC      Flash data storage, BLE       data storage, RF modem for data
                   data storage, BLE modem for    modem for data transmission,  transmission, LCD screen, and
                   data transmission, LED        LED indicator, and Record     Record button
                       indicator, and event record        button
                    button

Data transfer       Bluetooth for transfer of patient   Mobile App, iOS, Android      Data can be delivered to the server
                   data by mobile data client to a                                      wirelessly via mobile network
                   Wi-Fi-connected server

Server           Subsequent access to ECG        Facilitate data communication   Facilitate data communication with
                    display and episode report        with the Biotres device,         the Bioflux device, provide data
                   viewer for evaluation by          provide data storage, and      storage, and present the data for
                    prescribing medical professional  present the data for            evaluation by a medical professional
                                                      evaluation by a medical
                                                      professional

Device form factor  Utilizes Kestra PMA-approved     Small, lightweight body worn   Small, lightweight body worn
           WCD garment electrodes        ambulatory cardiac monitors   ambulatory cardiac monitors

K233864
Page 5


Category        Wearable ECG (subject)        Biotres (predicate) K211709  Bioflux (secondary) K172311

Wireless         Yes                         Yes                        Data is delivered to the server
technology used                                                                        wirelessly via mobile cellular
to transmit data to                                                                dedicated network connection
server

Power            Device is battery powered by a   Device is battery powered by   Device is battery powered by a
                   rechargeable Li-Ion battery      a rechargeable Li-Ion battery   rechargeable Li-Ion battery

Device Program   ASSURE Wearable ECG has no  Using an Android or IOS     A medical professional, using the
Parameters       user-programmable functions or  based app, clinician can        server, can adjust and program the
                    features                           adjust device programming     device configuration and autoparameters such as pre-post    triggering parameters
                                                     recording times and autotriggering configuration

Monitor Multiple   ECG signal, high and low heart   No (ECG only)               Captures patient activated and autoParameters         rate and accelerometer-based                                     triggered events such as
                     patient data (steps and wear                                    Bradycardia, Tachycardia, pause and
                    time)                                                                        Atrial Fibrillation as identified by an
                                                                  embedded arrhythmia detection
                                                                                     algorithm

Manual Event       Alert button for patient-triggered   Devices have Record button   Devices have Record button for
Recording         event recordings and visual,        for manual event recordings   manual event recordings and a user
                   audio and haptic modes of       and a user LED to indicate    LED to indicate device status and
                      alerting patient to device status   device status and mode of    mode of operation.
                                                       operation.

Prescriber Review  The ECG recorded data from    The ECG recorded data from   Automatically delivers the recorded
                    the ASSURE Wearable ECG is    the Biotres Recorder can be    cardiac activity to the server where it
                     transferred to the clinician from    transferred, by the clinician,      is presented and can be reviewed by
                    the Kestra Secure Server when   from the Biotres Configured    a medical professional
                    the device is connected to the    Secure Server when the
                    server at the end of a patient      recorder is connected to the
                   study                             Biotres Gateway App at the
                                            end of a patient study.


VIII. Performance Data
Safety and performance of the subject ASSURE Wearable ECG system has been evaluated and verified in
accordance with design specifications and to support a determination of substantial equivalence to the
predicate device. Because the device is designed and intended to monitor low-risk patients using proprietary
algorithm detection software developed for the ASSURE Wearable Cardioverter Defibrillator, it intentionally
does not meet all performance clauses of IEC 60601-2-47:2015 that are associated with diagnostic ECG.

The following performance and safety tests have passed successfully:

K233864
Page 6


 Recognition   Number                      Document Description (Title)
 Number
 19-49         IEC 60601-                         Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General requirements
                1:2005+A1:2012+A2:2020               for basic safety and essential performance (Edition 3.2)
 19-36         IEC 60601-1-2:2014+A1:2020        Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements
                                                                  for basic safety and essential performance - Collateral
                                                       standard: Electromagnetic compatibility - Requirements and
                                                             tests
 19-38         IEC 60601-1-11:2015+A1:2021       Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-11: General
                                                     requirements for basic safety and essential performance -
                                                             Collateral Standard: Requirements for medical electrical
                                                 equipment and medical electrical systems used in the home
                                                       healthcare environment
 3-155         IEC 60601-2-47:2015                Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-47: Particular
                                                     requirements for the basic safety and essential performance
                                                              of ambulatory electrocardiographic systems
 2-258         ISO 10993-1:2018                     Biological evaluation of medical devices Part 1: Evaluation
                                              and testing within a risk management process
 19-11        UL 2054:2004(R2011)               Standard for Household and Commercial Batteries, 2nd
                                                           Edition
 19-33         IEC 62133-2:2017                 Secondary cells and batteries containing alkaline or other
                                                     non-acid electrolytes — Safety requirements for portable
                                                    sealed secondary cells, and for batteries made from them, for
                                                use in portable applications, Part 2: Lithium systems (IEC
                                                   62133-2:2017)
 19-30         AIM 7351731:2017                  Medical Electrical Equipment and System Electromagnetic
                                                   Immunity Test for Exposure to Radio Frequency Identification
                                                Readers – An AIM Standard (Rev. 2.00)

Bench test results verify that the ASSURE Wearable ECG system can continuously monitor ECG signal, store
ECG event data in the device memory, and transmit recorded data to a Kestra display server for clinician
review.

IX. Conclusion
Based on a review of the test results and a comparison to the predicate devices characteristics and known
specifications, the results show that the ASSURE Wearable ECG is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.