March 1, 2024

MRIguidance B.V
℅ Sujith Shetty
Executive Vice President
Maxis Medical
3031 Tisch Way
Suite 1010
San Jose, California 95128


Re: K233030
    Trade/Device Name: BoneMRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 17, 2024
    Received: January 22, 2024

Dear Sujith Shetty:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233030 - Sujith Shetty                                                               Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn

K233030 - Sujith Shetty                                                               Page  3


(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K233030

Device Name
BoneMRI


Indications for Use (Describe)
BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
visualize the bone structures in MRI images with increased contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue.
It is to be used in the pelvic region, which includes the bony anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones and femoral heads; and the
spine, which includes the bony anatomy of the cervical, thoracic, lumbar, and S1 vertebrae. BoneMRI is indicated for use
in patients 12 years and older.

BoneMRI is not to be used for diagnosis or monitoring of (primary or metastatic) tumors. BoneMRI images are not
intended to replace CT images in general but can be used to visualize 3D bone morphology, tissue radiodensity and tissue
radiodensity contrast.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Notification


                               510(k) Summary

   1. 510(k) Information

510(k) Number:                 K233030

Date Prepared:                     February 26, 2024

510(k) Submitter:                  MRIguidance B.V.
                                      Maliesingel 23, 3581 BG
                                      Utrecht, the Netherlands

510(k) Submitter Contact Person:     David Sparks
                             Head of Regulatory Affairs
                                 MRIguidance B.V.
                                       Email: david.sparks@mriguidance.com
                                           Tel: +31 681741711

Correspondent Contact Person:       Dr. Sujith Shetty
                            EVP Maxis Medical
                              3031 Tische Way, Suite 1010
                                San Jose, CA 95128 USA
                                       Email: sjshetty@maxismedical.com

   2. Device Information

Device Trade Name:              BoneMRI
Device Common Name:           MRI image enhancement software
Device Classification Name:          Medical image management and processing system (21
                           CFR 892.2050)
Device Classification:                 Class II
Product Code:                 QIH

   3. Predicate Device

Device Trade Name:              BoneMRI
Manufacturer:                     MRIguidance B.V.
Device 510(k) Clearance:          K230197
Device Classification Name:          Medical image management and processing system (21
                           CFR 892.2050)
Device Classification:                 Class II
Product Code:                 QIH


                                                                            1

Traditional 510(k) Notification


    4. Device Description

The BoneMRI application is a standalone image processing software application that analyses 3D
gradient echo MRI scans acquired with a dedicated MRI scan protocol. From the analysis of the
gradient echo MRI scan, 3D tomographic radiodensity contrast images, called BoneMRI images, are
constructed.

The BoneMRI images can be used to visualize the bone structures in MR images with enhanced
contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. The application is designed to be used by imaging
experts, such as radiologists or orthopedic surgeons, typically in a physician’s office.

The BoneMRI application is a server application running on the clinic or hospital networks. It is
available as fully on-premise software with specific GPU hardware requirements, or partly running as a
managed cloud service, for which the environment in which the managed modules run is controlled by
MRIguidance. The on-premise software is fully controlled by the clinic or hospital, and as such, no
protected health information (PHI) will leave the clinic or hospital network. All data sent to the
managed cloud server will be de-identified before it leaves the clinic or hospital network, and as such,
the managed cloud service will not receive PHI.

Within the hospital network, the application communicates with a DICOM compatible imaging archive
(e.g., a PACS) to receive input MRI and to return BoneMRI images. Reading of the resulting BoneMRI
images is performed using regular DICOM compatible medical image viewing software.

The BoneMRI application uses an algorithm to detect bone images from MRIs obtained using a specific
gradient echo acquisition sequence. The algorithm training sets included images from multiple clinical
sites, multiple anatomies, and multiple scanners to ensure that the trained algorithm was robust with
respect to the approved indications for use. None of the data used in the training dataset was used
subsequently in the validation dataset.

    5.  Indications for Use

BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It
can be used to visualize the bone structures in MRI images with increased contrast with respect to the
surrounding soft tissue. It is to be used in the pelvic region, which includes the bony anatomy of the
sacrum, hip bones and femoral heads; and the spine, which includes the bony anatomy of the cervical,
thoracic, lumbar, and S1 vertebrae. BoneMRI is indicated for use in patients 12 years and older.

BoneMRI is not to be used for diagnosis or monitoring of (primary or metastatic) tumors. BoneMRI
images are not intended to replace CT images in general but can be used to visualize 3D bone
morphology, tissue radiodensity and tissue radiodensity contrast.

    6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

A comparison of the intended use, indication for use, and technological characteristics of the subject
BoneMRI application to the predicate device (BoneMRI v1.6, K230197) is presented below. We have
included the attributes suggested in the July 2018 Guidance “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial
Equivalence in Premarket Notifications” for this comparison.


                                                                             2

Traditional 510(k) Notification


Table 1 Predicate device comparison

                         Predicate Device               Subject Device
                                                              Comment
                    (BoneMRI K230197)              (BoneMRI)

 Intended use
 Intended Use    BoneMRI is an image        BoneMRI is an image         The same
                   processing software that can   processing software that can
                 be used for image            be used for image
                 enhancement in MRI images.   enhancement in MRI images.
                             It can be used to visualize the    It can be used to visualize the
                bone structures in MRI        bone structures in MRI
                  images with enhanced         images with enhanced
                    contrast with respect to the    contrast with respect to the
                   surrounding soft tissue.        surrounding soft tissue.
 21CFR Section    829.2050                   829.2050                  The same
 Product Code    QIH                    QIH                      The same
 Target            Adults                       Adolescents and Adults         Different
 Population
 Indications for    BoneMRI is an image        BoneMRI is an image            Similar
 Use               processing software that can   processing software that can
                 be used for image            be used for image
                 enhancement in MRI images.   enhancement in MRI images.
                             It can be used to visualize the    It can be used to visualize the
                bone structures in MRI        bone structures in MRI
                  images with enhanced         images with increased
                    contrast with respect to the    contrast with respect to the
                   surrounding soft tissue. It is    surrounding soft tissue. It is
                    to be used in the pelvic         to be used in the pelvic
                     region, which includes the      region, which includes the
                 bony anatomy of the sacrum,   bony anatomy of the sacrum,
                    hip bones and femoral heads;   hip bones and femoral heads;
                 and the lumbar spine region,   and the spine, which includes
                 which includes the bony        the bony anatomy of the
                 anatomy of the vertebrae        cervical, thoracic, lumbar, and
                 from L3 to S1. BoneMRI is     S1 vertebrae. BoneMRI is
                  not to be used for diagnosis     indicated for use in patients
                   or monitoring of (primary or   12 years and older.
                     metastatic) tumors.
                                       BoneMRI is not to be used
                  Warning: BoneMRI images      for diagnosis or monitoring of
                   are not intended to replace     (primary or metastatic)
              CT images.                    tumors. BoneMRI images are
                                               not intended to replace CT
                                              images in general but can be
                                             used to visualize 3D bone
                                              morphology, tissue
                                                    radiodensity and tissue
                                                    radiodensity contrast.


                                                                             3

Traditional 510(k) Notification


 Technological Characteristics
 Device Nature    Software package             Software package           The same
 Operating         Linux                         Linux                     The same
 System
 Data Input      MRI images in DICOM format  MRI images in DICOM format  The same
 Data Output     MRI images in DICOM format  MRI images in DICOM format  The same
 Processing       MRIguidance software        MRIguidance software        The same
 Algorithms       implements an image          implements an image
                 enhancement algorithm using  enhancement algorithm using
                    convolutional neural network.  convolutional neural network.
                     Original images are enhanced   Original images are enhanced
                 by running them through a     by running them through a
                  cascade of filter banks, where  cascade of filter banks, where
                    thresholding and scaling        thresholding and scaling
                   operations are applied.         operations are applied.
                   Separate neural network-      Separate neural networkbased filters are obtained to    based filters are obtained to
                    assign a Hounsfield Unit (HU)   assign a Hounsfield Unit (HU)
                   value to a single volume        value to a single volume
                   element, based on intensity     element, based on intensity
                 and contextual information.    and contextual information.
                The parameters of the model   The parameters of the model
                were obtained through an     were obtained through an
                    algorithm development         algorithm development
                      pipeline.                          pipeline.
 User Interface    None – enhanced images are  None – enhanced images are   The same
                 viewed on existing PACS      viewed on existing PACS
                    workstations.                  workstations.
 Workflow       The software operates on     The software operates on     The same
             DICOM files on the file      DICOM files on the file
                   system, enhances the images,   system, enhances the images,
                 and stores the enhanced      and stores the enhanced
                  images on the file system.      images on the file system.
                The receipt of original        The receipt of original
             DICOM image files and      DICOM image files and
                     delivery of enhanced images    delivery of enhanced images
                   as DICOM files depends on     as DICOM files depends on
                   other software systems.        other software systems.
                 Enhanced images co-exist     Enhanced images co-exist
                   with the original images.       with the original images.

    7. Summary of Changes
The changes to the BoneMRI application from the predicate device (BoneMRI v1.6, K230197) to the
subject device are detailed in the table below.


                                                                             4

Traditional 510(k) Notification


Table 2 Summary of changes for the BoneMRI application

          Change                              Change Description

 Software architecture         Refactor of the application workflow; introducing multi-tenancy
                                     capabilities; and improving scalability of cloud deployment.
 Validation strategy            Revision of the validation strategy to support the validation of a
                                multi-vendor, multi-field strength algorithm.
 Intended patient population   The intended patient population of BoneMRI is extended to include
                                 adolescents. The algorithm for the application has not been
                              changed.
 Predetermined Change        Addition of a Predetermined Change Control Plan to support an
 Control Plan                     iterative development approach for the machine learning models in
                               the BoneMRI application.
 Algorithm for the Spine       The algorithm for the Spine region has been re-trained. With
 region                          additional data for training and testing, the anatomical region of the
                                algorithm was extended to include the Cervical Spine and the
                               Thoracic Spine in addition to the Lumbar Spine.
 Algorithm for the Pelvic     No changes are made to the algorithm for the Pelvic region. Updates
 region                      have been made to improve statistical testing of the algorithm and
                                to test the algorithm on additional subgroups.

    8. Predetermined Change Control Plan

The BoneMRI application uses an algorithm derived from machine learning (ML) to detect bone images
from MRIs obtained using a specific gradient echo acquisition sequence. The algorithm training sets
included images from multiple clinical sites, multiple anatomies, and multiple scanners to ensure that
the trained algorithm was robust with respect to the approved indications for use. MRIguidance will
make future algorithm improvements under a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP). In that plan,
a protocol is provided to mitigate the risks of the algorithm changes leading to changes in the device’s
technical specifications or negatively affecting performance specifications directly associated with the
indications for use of the device. Changes made under this PCCP are detailed in the table below. In
accordance with the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be trained, tuned, and locked prior to
release of the application.

Table 3 Summary of changes under a Predetermined Change Control Plan

         Modification                                      Rationale

 1. Re-training to improve ML   Re-training of the ML model with additional data to increase the
 model performance with        safety and performance of the device in any of the following
 additional training data         categories:
                           ●   Increased accuracy;
                           ●   Increased performance for challenging cases such as rare
                                        pathologies or artifacts;
                           ●   Increased robustness and generalization of the model.
 2. Validation of additional       Validation of the ML model (either with or without additional rescanner support                 training of the ML model) in order to validate an additional MRI
                             vendor or field strength.


                                                                             5

Traditional 510(k) Notification


    9. Performance Data

The following performance testing has been performed on BoneMRI:
    1.  Software verification and validation testing
    2.  Studies that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software enhanced imaging
         quality in MR images via an enhancement of bone validated with CT.

      Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” dated June 14, 2023.

      Performance Validation

A quantitative voxel-by-voxel validation of BoneMRI was performed on imaging data from 76 patients
(pelvic region) and 117 patients (spine region), consisting of the BoneMRI and CT of the same patient
in the same anatomical region, acquired using standard of care bone imaging protocols during
previously conducted clinical investigations. Test data are acquired at different medical sites,
departments or within different clinical studies than training data, and test data is unseen data that was
not used in any way during developments. The validation was conducted by MRIguidance based on an
algorithm to detect bone images from MRIs obtained using a specific gradient echo sequence. The
demographics and performance data, including subgroup analysis of the patient population are
described in the table below.

Table 4 Validation data demographics and performance testing. All statistical testing was with a significance level of p
<0.05.
                                                       Mean
                                                                   Cortical    deviation   Correlation
                                              Data
      Subgroup      N   Gender   Age              delineation  in all tissue  coefficient
                                                         origin
                                                               error (mm)  and bone     in bone
                                                                    (HU)

                       75% M              US,              < 25 HU
                Pelvis    76           53 ± 26           < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       25% F           EU              < 55 HU
    Total
                       49% M              US,              < 25 HU
               Spine   117          48 ± 23           < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       51% F           EU              < 55 HU

                       93% M              US,              < 25 HU
                Pelvis    57           66 ± 17           < 1 mm               > 0.75
                      7% F           EU              < 55 HU
   Adults
                       51% M              US,              < 25 HU
               Spine    94           59 ± 16           < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       49% F           EU              < 55 HU

                       21% M                            < 25 HU
                Pelvis    19           17 ± 3    US     < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       79% F                            < 55 HU
 Adolescents
                       22% M                            < 25 HU
               Spine    23           15 ± 2    EU     < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       78% F                            < 55 HU


                                                                             6

Traditional 510(k) Notification


                       24% M                            < 25 HU
                Pelvis    25           18 ± 4    US     < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       76% F                            < 55 HU
    US
                       33% M                            < 25 HU
               Spine    23           64 ± 10   US     < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       67% F                            < 55 HU

                       100% M                            < 25 HU
                Pelvis    51           71 ± 80   EU     < 1 mm               > 0.75
                      0% F                             < 55 HU
    EU
                       46% M                            < 25 HU
               Spine    91           49 ± 23   EU     < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       54% F                            < 55 HU

                       64% M             US,              < 25 HU
            Obese    11           51 ± 16           < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       36% F           EU              < 55 HU

              Over-        60% M             US,              < 25 HU
                     17           52 ± 18           < 1 mm               > 0.75
              weight        40% F           EU              < 55 HU
   BMI
                       22% M             US,              < 25 HU
             Healthy   18           29 ± 22           < 1 mm               > 0.75
                       78% F           EU              < 55 HU

             Under-       20% M                            < 25 HU
                     10           17 ± 3    EU     < 1 mm               > 0.75
              weight        80% F                            < 55 HU


The objective was to validate the quantitative accuracy of BoneMRI using rigorous, objective, and
unbiased statistical tests comparing bone morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity contrast in
BoneMRI and CT images. The endpoints of the testing were the metrics that describe the accuracy of
3D bone morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity contrast versus co-registered CT scans in terms
of voxel-by-voxel HUs and standard deviations around these HU values. Subgroup analyses for
different MRI vendors, field strengths, age ranges, geographical locations and BMI was performed as
part of the testing. The results demonstrated clinically acceptable accuracy on each of these endpoints.

The data provided demonstrate that BoneMRI application can:
   ●   accurately reconstruct the 3D bone morphology with a mean absolute cortical delineation
        error below 1.0 mm on average;
   ●   accurately reconstructs the tissue radiodensity, with a mean deviation below 25 HU on
       average and a mean deviation below 55 HU specifically for bone;
   ●   accurately reconstructs the tissue radiodensity contrast, with a mean HU correlation
        coefficient above 0.75 specifically for bone.

The BoneMRI application demonstrates accurate bone morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity
contrast to qualitatively and quantitatively assess the bony anatomy of the pelvic and spine regions.

   10. Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The subject BoneMRI application has the same intended use and a similar indication as the identified
predicate device, its predecessor (BoneMRI, K230197). The technological features of the BoneMRI
application are the same as the identified predicate device. Therefore, we conclude that the BoneMRI
application is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate device.


                                                                             7