April 5, 2024

The Surgeon General, Department of the Army (TSG-DA)
℅ Chandar Thakur
Acting Branch Chief, Medical Devices & Diagnostics, Office of Regulatory Activities
U.S. Army Medical Materiel Research & Development Command; Attn: Fcmr-ora,
1430 Veterans Drive
Fort Detrick, Maryland 21702

Re: K233249
    Trade/Device Name: APPRAISE-HRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2220
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive Hemodynamic Indicator With Decision Point
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SAR
    Dated: February 27, 2024
    Received: February 27, 2024

Dear Chandar Thakur:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233249 - Chandar Thakur                                                            Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K233249 - Chandar Thakur                                                            Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233249

Device Name
APPRAISE-HRI


Indications for Use (Describe)
The APPRAISE-HRI is a mobile health app intended to provide a means for military healthcare providers to screen U.S.
Service members for hemorrhage risk after a physically traumatic event and stratify casualties who need immediate
attention and emergency evacuation from those who are injured but may not be at risk for hemorrhage.

The APPRAISE-HRI is not intended to diagnose or direct treatment. Rather, it is intended to provide situational
awareness and inform clinical management of potentially hemorrhagic casualties by identifying those at the greatest risk
of hemorrhage.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K233249

Traditional 510(k) Notification                                    APPRAISE-HRI
18.0 Administrative Documents


                ATTACHMENT 18.1 A4
                            510(k) SUMMARY

Contact Details
Applicant Details:
The Surgeon General, Department of the Army (TSG-DA),
Ms. Emily Badraslioglu,
U.S. Army Medical Research & Development Command; ATTN: FCMR-ORA,
1430 Veterans Drive, Fort Detrick, MD 21702-5009, United States
Phone: 301-619-0317
Email: emily.d.badraslioglu.civ@health.mil

Correspondent Details:
Dr. Chandar Thakur,
U.S. Army Medical Research & Development Command; ATTN: FCMR-ORA
1430 Veterans Drive, Fort Detrick MD 21702-5009 United States
Phone: 301-619-0317
Email: chandar.s.thakur.civ@health.mil

Date Prepared: March 27, 2024

Subject Device Details
Device Trade Name:    APPRAISE-HRI
Common Name:         Adjunctive Hemorrhage Risk Indicator
Classification:           Class II
Classification Regulation: 21.CFR.870.2220: Adjunctive Hemodynamic Indicator with Decision
                          Point
Product Code:       SAR

Predicate Device Details
Device Trade Name:     Analytic for Hemodynamic Instability (AHI)
De Novo number:      DEN200022
Common Name:         Adjunctive Hemodynamic Indicator with Decision Point
Classification:           Class II
Classification Regulation: 21.CFR.870.2220: Adjunctive Hemodynamic Indicator with Decision
                          Point
Product Code:       QNV


                                                                                            Page 1 of 5

K233249

Traditional 510(k) Notification                                    APPRAISE-HRI
18.0 Administrative Documents
Device Description
The Automated Processing of the Physiological Registry for Assessment of Injury Severity
(APPRAISE)-Hemorrhage Risk Index (HRI) is an Android application developed by the U.S.
Army Medical Research and Development Command (USAMRDC) that uses vital-sign data
collected from a trauma patient to provide a risk score that stratifies the patient’s risk of
hemorrhage. When the application runs, heart rate (HR), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and
diastolic blood pressure (DBP) vital-sign data are collected from an external monitor [currently
only the ZOLL Propaq M (K202375) is supported]. The ZOLL Propaq M monitor connects via
Bluetooth with the Android platform running the APPRAISE-HRI application. The APPRAISEHRI application continuously pulls data from the ZOLL Propaq M monitor to gather the
required vital signs (HR, SBP, and DBP) and then runs the hemorrhage risk stratification
algorithm to generate an output every one minute.
Once the vital-sign data from the ZOLL Propaq M monitor are transferred, the APPRAISE-HRI
provides a stratification of hemorrhage into three Risk Level categories: Low (I), Average (II), or
High (III). The APPRAISE-HRI application continuously displays both the input vital signs (HR,
SBP, and DBP) and the Risk Level score to the caregiver to provide situational awareness and to
inform clinical management of potentially hemorrhagic casualties by identifying those at the
greatest risk of hemorrhage.
Indications for Use Statement
The APPRAISE-HRI is a mobile health app intended to provide a means for military healthcare
providers to screen U.S. Service members for hemorrhage risk after a physically traumatic
event and stratify casualties who need immediate attention and emergency evacuation from
those who are injured but may not be at risk for hemorrhage.
The APPRAISE-HRI is not intended to diagnose or direct treatment. Rather, it is intended to
provide situational awareness and inform clinical management of potentially hemorrhagic
casualties by identifying those at the greatest risk of hemorrhage.
Software Functionality
APPRAISE-HRI is an application designed to run on the Android platform. It targets Android
13, but it is compatible with Android versions 9 through 13, excluding Android 12L. The
application is designed to be device agnostic, supporting devices with touch screens that have
resolution of at least 1200x800 dp. APPRAISE-HRI does not require any other hardware
features except for Bluetooth. The software of the application is divided by function into three
major components: graphical user interface, services, and the APPRAISE-HRI algorithm.
The graphical user interface (GUI) consists of three pages: the MainActivity Page, the
PreferenceActivity Page, and the WebViewActivity Page. They provide functionality to control
the device settings and display results of the APPRAISE-HRI algorithm. The services
component of APPRAISE-HRI mobile app allows the application to communicate with the
ZOLL Propaq M monitor, request and receive real-time data, and feed real-time data to the
APPRAISE-HRI algorithm.
The APPRAISE-HRI algorithm, which provides the core functionality to this device, consists of
three modules. The first module pre-processes the raw vital-sign data and provides minute-byminute values as valid input for the second module, an artificial intelligence (AI) linear
regression model. Then, the third module stratifies the output of the AI model to yield three


                                                                                           Page 2 of 5

K233249

Traditional 510(k) Notification                                    APPRAISE-HRI
18.0 Administrative Documents
hemorrhage risk indices: HRI Levels I, II, or III. An HRI Level of I indicates that the likelihood
of the patient experiencing hemorrhage is highly decreased compared to the population average;
an HRI Level of II indicates that the likelihood of hemorrhage is equivalent to that of a trauma
population; and an HRI Level of III indicates that the likelihood of the patient experiencing
hemorrhage is highly increased compared to the population average.
Summary of Performance Testing
Software Verification Tests
Non-clinical software tests (Unit, Integration, and System levels) were conducted for the subject
device, APPRAISE-HRI, during product development. The risk analysis was completed, and risk
controls were implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The test results support that all the
software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. The subject device, APPRAISE-HRI,
conforms to the following voluntary standards: 1) “ISO 14971:2019 – Medical devices –
application of risk management to medical devices” and 2) “IEC 62304 2016 – Medical device
software – software life cycle processes.”
The level of software documentation for the subject device, APPRAISE-HRI, was determined to
be “Enhanced Documentation Level,” according to the risk analysis and rationale set forth in the
June 14, 2023, FDA Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
Functions.
Summative Usability Testing (Usability Study)
USAMRDC conducted a summative study as part of the usability assessment evaluation of the
subject device, APPRAISE-HRI. The summative study was conducted to ensure that the device
user interface has been designed so that user error is reduced or eliminated and that it meets the
intended users’ (i.e., Army medics’) needs.
The responses of the participating Army medics on the summative study based on the Likert-scale
questionnaire show that the medics found it easy to determine a patient’s hemorrhage risk using
APPRAISE-HRI. In addition, they agreed that using the APPRAISE-HRI app will help to identify
patients with a risk of hemorrhage. The medics also responded that the instructions for use of the
APPRAISE-HRI were easy to follow. Further, the study provided evidence that participants were
able to correctly interpret the device output.
Intended users (i.e., Army medics) are expected to receive training on the use and interpretation of
the device prior to first use.
Clinical Study Validation
A clinical utility study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the APPRAISE-HRI in realworld trauma patients. This “prospectively, retrospectively” design study prospectively validated
the APPRAISE-HRI device using retrospectively collected vital-sign data both during transport of
trauma patients from the point of injury to the receiving hospital (eight sites) and at a hospital’s
Emergency Department (one site). The targeted population for the APPRAISE-HRI is adult
trauma patients (patient age range is ≥18 and ≤90 years) who were labeled as Hemorrhage patients
or Control patients based on trauma registry data, including blood transfusion information and
documented hemorrhagic injuries, such as clinical notes, International Classification of Disease
10th Revision (ICD-10) codes, and Abbreviated Injury Scale (AIS) codes.
The primary endpoint used to validate the APPRAISE-HRI was the Likelihood Ratios for HRI


                                                                                           Page 3 of 5

K233249

Traditional 510(k) Notification                                    APPRAISE-HRI
18.0 Administrative Documents
Levels I, II, and III, for the first HRI output of each patient. The secondary endpoints included
other statistical metrics, analysis of different subgroups of interest [age, mode of injury (blunt vs.
penetrating), and clinical study site], and analysis through time. The success criteria for the
APPRAISE-HRI device required that it effectively and consistently differentiated between HRI
Levels, I, II, and III and that the ground truth for trauma patients tracked consistently with the
algorithm results.
As shown in Table 1, the primary endpoint results demonstrate that the key test statistics, the
Likelihood Ratios of the APPRAISE-HRI Levels, met the success criteria: APPRAISE-HRI was
at least five times less likely to output an HRI Level I for Hemorrhage patients than for Control
patients; APPRAISE-HRI was almost as likely to output an HRI Level II for Hemorrhage patients
as for Control patients; and APPRAISE-HRI was nearly seven times more likely to output an HRI
Level III for Hemorrhage patients than for Control patients. These results indicate that the
APPRAISE-HRI is a useful tool to aid in discriminating hemorrhage risk in the trauma
population.

    Table 1: APPRAISE-HRI Algorithm for the Detection or Exclusion of Hemorrhage.
      Test Level      # of Hemorrhage  # of Control    Total # of     Likelihood Ratio
                            Patients         Patients       Patients       [95% CI*]
     HRI Level I            25            1,347          1,372        0.18 [0.12, 0.26]
     HRI Level II          257            3,631          3,888        0.70 [0.63, 0.76]
     HRI Level III          261            374          635        6.88 [6.04, 7.84]
      Total                 543            5,352          5,895
     *Confidence intervals (CI) computed based on 10,000 samples with replacement from the dataset.

The APPRAISE-HRI performed consistently across subgroups (age categories, modes of injury,
and study sites), with the exception of ruling in hemorrhage patients with penetrating injury
(mainly due to low numbers of the patient population recorded with penetrating injury). Based on
the clinical results, the APPRAISE-HRI met the Special Control (b) (4) of 21CFR870.2220.
Conclusion (Substantial Equivalence Discussion)
The subject device, APPRAISE-HRI, and its predicate (DEN200022) have the same intended use
and similar indication for use, similar technological characteristics, and, overall, similar
principles of operation. There is a minor difference between the subject device, the APPRAISEHRI, and the predicate’s (DEN200022) indications for use (the subject device is indicated for
hemorrhage condition and the predicate is indicated for hemodynamic condition). In addition,
they are used both in different patient populations and use environments. However, these
differences do not constitute a new indication for use, because both the subject device and the
predicate device are intended to be used adjunctively to monitor blood (hemo-) related
conditions along with other cardiovascular monitoring devices.
The other minor differences between the subject device and the predicate are certain
technological characteristics and principles of operation (such as different algorithm inputs and
outputs). However, these differences do not raise additional safety and efficacy questions
because the safety and performance of the subject device, the APPRAISE-HRI, were evaluated
as per the verification and validation testing.


                                                                                            Page 4 of 5

K233249
Traditional 510(k) Notification                                    APPRAISE-HRI
18.0 Administrative Documents
Therefore, the noted differences do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness, and
the results of software verification, usability testing, and clinical validation demonstrate that the
subject device performs in accordance with specifications and meets user needs. The subject
device, APPRAISE-HRI, has been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to the identified
predicate device (DEN200022).


                                                                                           Page 5 of 5