November 27, 2023
ClearPoint Neuro Inc.
Brennan Sullivan
Regulatory Affairs Manager
120 S. Sierra Avenue, Suite 100
Solana Beach, California 92075


Re: K233243
    Trade/Device Name:  ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.2)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Neurological Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: HAW, QIH
    Dated: September 28, 2023
    Received: September 28, 2023

Dear Brennan Sullivan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233243 - Brennan Sullivan                                                            Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                        Digitally signed by              Adam D. Adam D. Pierce -S
                     Pierce -S Date:13:25:332023.11.27-05'00'
                                Adam D. Pierce, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices

K233243 - Brennan Sullivan                                                            Page 3


                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233243

Device Name

ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.2)

Indications for Use (Describe)
The ClearPoint System is intended to provide stereotactic guidance for the placement and operation of instruments or
devices during planning and operation of neurological procedures within the MRI environment and in conjunction with
MR imaging. During planning, the system is intended to provide functionality for the automatic identification, labeling,
visualization and quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of loaded MR images. The ClearPoint System
is intended as an integral part of procedures that have traditionally used stereotactic methodology. These procedures
include biopsies, catheter and electrode insertion including deep brain stimulation (DBS) lead placement. The System is
intended for use only with 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla MRI scanners and MR conditional implants and devices.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                    ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 1 of 10

                              510(k) Summary
A. Device Information
 Category                 Comments
                                 ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
 Sponsor:                     6349 Paseo Del Lago
                                  Carlsbad, CA 92011

                               Brennan Sullivan
 Correspondent Contact           120 S. Sierra Ave.
 Information:                     Solana Beach, CA 92075
                                617-678-1028
                                  bsullivan@clearpointneuro.com
 Device Common Name:          Neurological Stereotactic Instrument
 Device Regulation & Name:                                   Neurological Stereotaxic Instrument, 21CFR
                                882.4560
 Classification & Product Code:     Class II
                   HAW
 510(k) Number:               K233243
 Device Proprietary Name:          ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2

Primary Predicate Device Information:
   Predicate Device:                           ClearPoint System (v2.1)
   Predicate Device Manufacturer:              ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
   Predicate Device Common Name:            Neurological Stereotactic Instrument
   Predicate Device Premarket Notification #   K222519
   Predicate Device Classification & Name      Neurological Stereotaxic Instrument,
                                   21CFR 882.4560
   Predicate Device Classification &            Class II
   Product Code:                HAW

Additional Predicate Device Information:
   Predicate Device:                           ClearPoint Maestro Brain Model
   Predicate Device Manufacturer:              ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
   Predicate Device Common Name:           System, Image Processing,
                                               Radiological
   Predicate Device Premarket Notification #   K213645
   Predicate Device Classification & Name      Medical Imaging Management and
                                              Processing System, 21CFR 892.2050
   Predicate Device Classification &            Class II
   Product Code:                      QIH

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                   ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 2 of 10

B. Date Summary Prepared

November 27, 2023

C. Description of Device

The updated ClearPoint Software Version 2.2 integrates the ClearPoint Neuro Maestro Brain
Model software (K213645) into the previous ClearPoint Software Version 2.1 (K222519). The
ClearPoint Maestro™ Brain Model product is a stand-alone software application for automatic
labeling, visualization, and quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of MRI
images and has been incorporated into the ClearPoint System software.  The ClearPoint System
described in this submission is essentially identical from a technological standpoint to the cleared
predicate device described in K222519 (ClearPoint System). As mentioned above, since the prior
clearance, the company has integrated the Maestro Brain Model into the software of the predicate
device. Specifically, the company has released an updated version of software 2.1, which was
part of the last clearance, and has now been upgraded to software 2.2.

The ClearPoint System is comprised of a workstation laptop with software, the SMARTGrid™
MRI-Guided  Planning  Grid,  the SMARTFrame™ MRI-Guided  Trajectory  Frame,  the
SMARTFrame™ Accessory  Kit and  the SMARTFrame™ Thumbwheel  Extension. The
SMARTGrid and associated Marking Tool are designed to assist the physician to precisely
position the entry hole as called out in the trajectory planning software. The SMARTFrame is an
Adjustable Trajectory Frame (ATF) that provides the guidance and fixation for neurosurgical
tools. The MRI visible fluids of the Targeting Cannula along with the fiducial markers in the
base of the frame allow for trajectory feedback when the physician views the MRI images, makes
changes and confirms with subsequent MR images.

The ClearPoint System can be used with any MRI-compatible head fixation frame to immobilize
the patient’s head with respect to the scanner table, as well as with any imaging coil(s) (supplied
by scanner manufacturers) that meet the physician's desired imaging quality. ClearPoint Neuro
also supplies an optional head fixation frame that can be used with the ClearPoint System.

The ClearPoint Workstation includes the following:

  1.  ClearPoint Workstation Software (for trajectory planning and monitoring)
  2.  Laptop Computer

The hardware components of the current ClearPoint System are the SMARTFrame and
Accessories. They are all single use devices that are provided sterile and include the following:

  1. SMARTGrid MRI Planning Grid (interacts with the software to determine the desired
      location of the burr hole)

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                   ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 3 of 10
           a.  Marking Grid
          b.  Marking Tool
  2. SMARTFrame Pack (SMARTFrame or SMARTFrame XG)
           a. SMARTFrame (“ATF”) with Base
          b.  Centering Device and Wharen Centering Guide
           c.  Dock
          d.  Device Lock (2 different diameters)
           e.  Screwdriver
             f.  Roll Lock Screw and Washer
  3.  Rescue Screws (Extra Titanium Screws)
  4. Thumbwheel Extension
  5.  Accessory Kit
           a.  Peel-away Sheath
          b.  Stylet
           c.  Lancet
          d.  Depth Stop
           e.  Ruler
  6.  Scalp Mount Base
  7.  Guide Tubes and Device Guide Packs (Guide Cannulas)

In addition, the ClearPoint System is used with the following separately cleared or Class I,
510(k)-exempt products:

  •  SmartTip MRI Hand Drill and Drill Bit Kit
  •  MRI Neuro Procedure Drape, with Marker Pen and Cover
  •  SmartFrame MR Fiducial

Each of the above packs is sold separately and is intended to be used with the ClearPoint
Workstation. Each of the components has been described in detail in previous submissions. The
ClearPoint System described in this 510(k) is a modification to the company’s cleared ClearPoint
System (K222519).

D. Indications for Use

The ClearPoint System is intended to provide stereotactic guidance for the placement and
operation of instruments or devices during planning and operation of neurological procedures
within the MRI environment and in conjunction with MR imaging. During planning, the system
is intended to provide functionality for the automatic identification, labeling, visualization and
quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of loaded MR images. The ClearPoint
System is intended as an integral part of procedures that have traditionally used stereotactic
methodology. These procedures include biopsies, catheter and electrode insertion including deep
brain stimulation (DBS) lead placement. The System is intended for use only with 1.5 and 3.0
Tesla MRI scanners and MR conditional implants and devices.

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                   ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 4 of 10

E. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.2) is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared
ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.1) (K222519). The subject device’s hardware is identical
in design and technological characteristics. The differences between the proposed and predicate
devices are modifications to the software to include additional functionality that has been
previously cleared in the ClearPoint Neuro Maestro 510(k) (K213645).

Both the proposed and predicate ClearPoint Systems are intended to provide stereotactic
guidance for the placement and operation of instruments or devices during planning and
operation of neurological procedures within the MRI environment and in conjunction with MR
imaging. Specifically, the following modifications have been made in ClearPoint Software
Version 2.2:

   •   Integration of Maestro Brain Model functionalities:
      o  Optional automatic segmentation of anatomical cortical and subcortical structures
              at user request.
      o  Visualization of brain structure segmentations overlaid semi-transparently onto 2D
           views of any registered scan.
      o  Visualization of brain structure segmentations as polygon models embedded in the
            scene in 3D views of any registered scan.
      o  Computation of volume measurements corresponding to each segmented brain
              structure.
      o  Workflow for verifying the brain structure segmentation results.
      o  Summarizing brain structure volume measurements in a clinical procedure report.
   •   Full compatibility with Windows 11 Operating System
   •   Ability to load color DICOM images stored with RGB Photometric Interpretation.
   •   Capabilities to display images in either Neurological or Radiological viewing orientation
      within the application viewports according to user preference.
   •   Ability to express anatomical coordinate values and associated landmarks relative to an
       origin point at either the mid-commissure (MCP) point or posterior commissure (PC)
       point.
   • A new set of measurement graphic tool improvements
   •  Some workflow-specific optimizations which provide more efficient and generalized
      software workflow.
   •   Translating the software user interface to support nine additional languages.

These modifications were made as part of continuous product improvement efforts. Specifically,
the modifications allow for enhanced functionality and compatibility of the ClearPoint System.
The inclusion of the Maestro Brain Model functionalities incorporates the functions of a
standalone software product that has previously been subject of a cleared 510(k), (K213645).
These changes have been verified and validated and do not raise any different questions of safety
or effectiveness.

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                         ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 5 of 10

        •  Optional automatic segmentation of anatomical cortical and subcortical structures at user
             request.
        •   Visualization of brain structure segmentations overlaid semi-transparently onto 2D views
             of any registered scan.
        •   Visualization of brain structure segmentations as polygon models embedded in the scene
              in 3D views of any registered scan.
        •  Computation of volume measurements corresponding to each segmented brain structure.
        •  Workflow for verifying the brain structure segmentation results.
        •  Summarizing brain structure volume measurements in a clinical procedure report.

     These changes to the ClearPoint System 2.1 Software have been validated and do not impact the
       safety or efficacy of the device. A substantial equivalence chart comparing the similarities and
      differences between the ClearPoint System and its predicate device is provided below. The
      primary differences between the proposed ClearPoint System 2.2 and the predicate are the
      incorporation of the functionality of an additional 510(k)-cleared device and additional minor
      differences in the technological characteristics between the Proposed device and the predicate do
      not raise different questions of safety or efficacy.


             Table 1: Side-by-side comparison of ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.2) with Predicate
                                                   Device


  Characteristic      Proposed ClearPoint System        Primary Predicate          Reference Predicate
                                     (v2.2)                 ClearPoint System (v2.1)       ClearPoint Maestro
                                                     K222519                 K213645
   Classification           21 CFR 882.4560               21 CFR 882.4560            21 CFR 892.2050
  Product Code          HAW               HAW                  QIH

Indications for Use   The ClearPoint System is intended to  The ClearPoint System is intended to   ClearPoint Maestro™ Brain
                        provide stereotactic guidance for the   provide stereotactic guidance for the  Model    is   intended   for
                       placement   and    operation    of   placement   and    operation    of   automatic           labeling,
                         instruments   or   devices   during   instruments   or   devices   during   visualization, volumetric and
                        planning    and    operation    of   planning    and    operation    of   shape    quantification    of
                         neurological procedures within the   neurological procedures within the   segmentable brain structures
                 MRI environment and in conjunction  MRI environment and in conjunction  from a set of MR images.
                        with MR imaging. During planning,   with MR imaging.  The ClearPoint   This software is intended to
                          the system  is intended to provide  System is intended as an integral part   automate  the  process  of
                           functionality   for   the   automatic   of procedures that have traditionally   identifying,  labelling,  and
                            identification, labeling, visualization   used    stereotactic   methodology.   quantifying the volume and
                      and  quantification  of segmentable  These procedures include biopsies,   shape  of  brain  structures
                         brain structures from a set of loaded   catheter  and  electrode   insertion   visible in MRI images.
             MR images. The ClearPoint System   including  deep  brain  stimulation
                               is intended as an integral part of  (DBS) lead placement. The System
                        procedures  that have  traditionally    is intended for use only with 1.5 and
                       used    stereotactic   methodology.   3.0 Tesla MRI scanners and MR
                      These procedures include biopsies,   conditional implants and devices.
                           catheter  and  electrode   insertion
                         including  deep  brain  stimulation
                    (DBS) lead placement. The System
                               is intended for use only with 1.5 and

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                         ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 6 of 10
                          3.0 Tesla MRI scanners and MR
                          conditional implants and devices.

   Environment           MRI Suite                MRI Suite              MRI Suite

SMARTGrid Pack  MRI Planning Grid & Marking   MRI Planning Grid & Marking         NA
                         tool                                 tool

 SMARTFrame    SmartFrame XG, Scalp Mount   SmartFrame XG, Scalp Mount        NA
      Pack          Base, Bone Screws, Stand-Off    Base, Bone Screws, Stand-Off
                         Pins,   Screwdriver,   Centering     Pins, Screwdriver, Centering
                       Tool, Wharen Centering Guide   Tool, Wharen Centering Guide
                     (packaged and sold separately),   (packaged and sold separately),
                  Dock and Lock, Roll Lock Screw    Dock and Lock, Roll Lock
                      with  Washer,  Rescue  Screws    Screw with Washer, Rescue
                     (packaged separately)             Screws (packaged separately)
 Hand Controller       Thumbwheel Extension       Thumbwheel Extension (Light        NA
                           (Light Hand Controller)           Hand Controller)
  Accessory pack     Peel away sheath, Lancet, Stylet,   Peel away sheath, Lancet, Stylet,        NA
                    Depth stop, ruler                      Depth stop, ruler
    Drill Guides       4.5 mm & 6.0 mm                        4.5 mm & 6.0 mm            NA
Targeting Cannula   0.0825”                                   0.0825”               NA
       ID
Targeting Cannula   Ultem and PEEK                     Ultem and PEEK            NA
     Material
Guide Tube/Device   Drill Guide ID: 4.5 mm             Drill Guide ID: 4.5 mm             NA
 Guide/Drill Guide    (included in SmartFrame Pack)    (included in SmartFrame Pack)
       ID             Drill Guide Tube ID: 3.4 mm       Drill Guide Tube ID: 3.4 mm
                       (included in SmartFrame Pack)    (included in SmartFrame Pack)
                    Guide Tube ID: 3.2 mm          Guide Tube ID: 3.2 mm
                    Guide Tube ID: 2.5 mm          Guide Tube ID: 2.5 mm
                    Guide Tube ID: 2.1 mm          Guide Tube ID: 2.1 mm
                    Guide Tube ID: 1.7 mm          Guide Tube ID: 1.7 mm
Targeting Accuracy     ± 1.5 mm @ ≤125mm           ± 1.5 mm @ ≤125mm           NA

    Packaging          Sterile, Sealed Tray, Inside            Sterile, Sealed Tray, Inside         NA
                           Sterile Tyvek Pouch (Wharen       Sterile Tyvek Pouch (Wharen
                       Centering Guide and Drill and     Centering Guide and Drill and
                     Device Guides are Sterile in a      Device Guides are Sterile in a
                      double Tyvek Pouch Without a    double Tyvek Pouch Without a
                       Tray; Wharen Centering Guide    Tray; Wharen Centering Guide
                      Packaging includes PVC)           Packaging includes PVC)
     Software            Version 2.2                           Version 2.1                  Version 1.0
 Operating System      Windows 10, Windows 11           Windows 10              Windows 10
  Programming          Visual C#                        Visual C#                      C++
    Languages           Visual C++                  Visual C++                             Qt
   Visualization          Fovia HDVR®                      Fovia HDVR®              Visualization Toolkit
 Software Toolkit                                                               (VTK)
   Visualization      •   Display of MR and CT       •   Display of MR and CT       •   Display of MR
     Features           images in reformatted            images in reformatted            images in
                     (MPR) and 3D views.          (MPR) and 3D views.             reformatted (MPR)
                     •   Cross-reference line display   •   Cross-reference line display      and 3D views.
                          with current plane                with current plane            •   Cross-reference line
                             intersection correlation point       intersection correlation point       display with current
                            indication                          indication                        plane intersection

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                         ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 7 of 10
                     •   Display of 2D annotations     •   Display of 2D annotations          correlation point
                       and overlays on rendered         and overlays on rendered           indication
                        images                        images                     •   Display of 2D
                     •   General interactive tools      •   General interactive tools           annotations and
                                 (e.g., pan, zoom,                       (e.g., pan, zoom,                  overlays on rendered
                             width/level, etc.)                   width/level, etc.)                images
                     •  3D display of hardware       •  3D display of hardware       •   General interactive
                       models of the SMARTGrid       models of the SMARTGrid         tools (e.g., pan,
                       and SMARTFrame along         and SMARTFrame along        zoom, width/level,
                          with volumetric image sets        with volumetric image sets          etc.)


 DICOM Toolkit       MergeCOM-3 Dicom       MergeCOM-3 Dicom Toolkit®      Insight Toolkit (ITK)
                         Toolkit®
 DICOM Features    •   Transfer of images from MR  •   Transfer of images from MR  •   Browse/load images
                          scanner through network          scanner through network        from media/local
                         (TCP/IP)                       (TCP/IP)                         storage
                     •   Browse/load images from     •   Browse/load images from    •   Load enhanced /
                           media/local storage               media/local storage             compressed DICOM
                     •   Configuration and testing of   •   Configuration and testing of      images
                       image transfer from scanner      image transfer from scanner  •   Export bitmask of
                             to workstation                      to workstation                  segmented brain
                     •  Load enhanced/compressed   •   Load enhanced/compressed        structures in DICOM
                 DICOM images            DICOM images                 format
                     •  Load color DICOM images
                              that are stored with RGB
                         Photometric Interpretation
Image Registration        Insight Toolkit (ITK)                Insight Toolkit (ITK)           NA
   Framework
     Image         •   Ability to automatically       •   Ability to automatically           NA
Fusion/Registration        register/fuse MR-to-MR and        register/fuse MR-to-MR and
                     MR-to-CT images acquired      MR-to-CT images acquired
                             in different frames of               in different frames of
                           reference                          reference
                     •   Ability to seed automatic     •   Ability to seed automatic
                             registration/fusion based on        registration/fusion based on
                        an initial input transform         an initial input transform
                     •   Slider control used to set the  •   Slider control used to set the
                              relative weight of the two           relative weight of the two
                         blended image volumes           blended image volumes
                     •   Tools for reviewing the       •   Tools for reviewing the
                         accuracy of registration and       accuracy of registration and
                       manual override capabilities      manual override capabilities
Volume of Interest   •   Ability to define and        •   Ability to define and             NA
     Definition             visualize 3D structures            visualize 3D structures within
                           within a loaded image set        a loaded image set
                     •   Tools for defining 3D       •   Tools for defining 3D
                       volumes of interest             volumes of interest manually
                        manually                  •   Display and computation of
                     •   Display and computation of     volume interest
                       volume interest                measurements (e.g., total
                        measurements (e.g., total        volume, volume overlap)
                        volume, volume overlap)

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                        ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 8 of 10
    Image         •   Algorithm to automatically   •   Algorithm to automatically    •  Automated
 Segmentation           identify anterior commissure      identify anterior commissure     measurement  of  brain
   Algorithm          (AC) and posterior            (AC) and posterior                 tissue   volumes   and
                      commissure (PC) locations      commissure (PC) locations        structures.
                         within the brain. This            within the brain.             •  Automatic
                         algorithm has the same      •   Algorithms to automatically      segmentation      and
                        implementation as in the          locate and identify marking       quantification  of  brain
                          predicate device.                   grid, targeting frame              structures        using
                   •   Algorithms to automatically      components, cannula, and         proprietary      shapelocate and identify marking       device tip.                       constrained
                             grid, targeting frame                                            segmentation
                       components, cannula, and                                          algorithms.
                        device tip. These algorithms
                      have the same
                        implementation as in the
                          predicate device.
                   •   Automated measurement of
                          brain tissue volumes and
                            structures. This algorithm
                        has the same
                        implementation as the
                          predicate device.
                   •   Automatic segmentation and
                           quantification of brain
                           structures using proprietary
                         shape-constrained
                        segmentation algorithms.
                      These algorithms have the
                     same implementation as the
                          predicate device.

  Scan Plane       Geometric computations to       Geometric   computations    to          NA
  Parameters       display position and orientation    display position and orientation
                     of prescribed scan plane           of   prescribed   scan   plane
                    parameters for Siemens, Philips,   parameters for Siemens, Philips,
                   and GE MR scanner             and   GE   MR    scanner
                     manufacturers.                    manufacturers.
  Hardware       Computations used to indicate     Computations used  to  indicate        NA
  Adjustment       required frame adjustments        required   frame   adjustments
 Computations     needed to adjust cannula to       needed  to  adjust  cannula  to
                      desired trajectory. These           desired trajectory
                    computations are the same as in
                      the predicate device
Low-Level Math    Low-level math utilities used for   Low-level math utilities used for            Identical
    Library        geometric computations. These    geometric computations.
                           utilities are the same as in the
                      predicate device
   Workflow       Optional workflow for initiating  No ability to perform automatic  Optional  workflow  for
                   an automatic segmentation of      segmentation of brain structures   initiating  an  automatic
                      brain structures from a loaded     from a loaded MR scan.                                                                                     segmentation   of   brain
            MR scan and visualizing /                                                                                                 structures from a loaded                      verifying the results.
                                                MR      scan      and

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                   ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2            Page 9 of 10
                                                                                        visualizing/verifying  the
                                                                                                  results.

               Visualize segmented brain      No ability to visualize segmented   Visualize segmented
                structures as overlays on any       brain structures                    brain structures as
              scan loaded into the application                                      overlays on a reference
                                                                               scan loaded into the
                                                                                       application
              Output volumetric           No  ability  to  present volume  Output        volumetric
             measurements corresponding to   measurements   for  segmented  measurements
              each segmented brain structure     brain structures                                                                               corresponding   to  each
                                                                          segmented brain structure


F. Summary of Supporting Data

ClearPoint Neuro performed extensive Non-Clinical Verification Testing to evaluate the safety
and performance of the software components of ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.2). The
following software verification testing was performed:

   •  Automated Verification
   •   Integrated System Verification
   •   Localization Verification
   •  Regression Test Verification
   •  Manual Testing

The results of  all testing met the acceptance criteria and demonstrated that the proposed
ClearPoint System (Software Version 2.2) complies with all design specifications and performs
as expected.

G. Discussion of Performance Data

Accuracy testing was performed to confirm that modifications included in ClearPoint System 2.2
did not cause any unexpected changes in the accuracy specifications of the software, with
successful results. Table 2 outlines the demonstrated accuracy specifications of ClearPoint
System.

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.                        K233243
                   ClearPoint System Software Version 2.2           Page 10 of 10

                 Table 2: ClearPoint System Accuracy Specifications
 Performance Validation  Positional Error (mm)           Angular Error (deg.)
 ClearPoint System       Mean (X,Y,Z)  Std. Dev. 99% CI  Mean  Std. Dev. 99% CI
                          0.14           0.37       0.44     0.32°  0.17°      0.46°
                          0.16           0.54       0.60
                          0.56           0.57       0.10


H. Conclusion

The subject ClearPoint System (Version 2.2) and the predicate ClearPoint System (Version 2.1)
have similar indications for use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation. In
addition, the minor differences in the ClearPoint Version 2.2 Software do not  alter the
fundamental clinical purpose or present different questions of safety or effectiveness as compared
to the ClearPoint System 2.1 predicate. Thus, the ClearPoint System Version 2.2 Software is
substantially equivalent to the ClearPoint System 2.1 (K222519).