Clarius Mobile Health Corp.
Agatha Szeliga
Director, Regulatory Affairs
205-2980 Virtual Way
Vancouver, BC V5M 4X3
Canada
                                                                June 14, 2024Re: K233955
    Trade/Device Name:  Clarius OB AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, QIH
    Dated: May 7, 2024
    Received: May 7, 2024

Dear Agatha Szeliga:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233955 - Agatha Szeliga                                                             Page  2


premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K233955 - Agatha Szeliga                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK233955
Device Name
 I Clarius OB Al

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Clarius OB Al is intended to assist in measurements of fetal biometric parameters (i.e., head
 circumference, abdominal circumference, femur length, bi-parietal diameter, crown rump length) on
 ultrasound data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner (i.e., curvilinear scanner). The user
 shall be a healthcare professional trained and qualified in ultrasound. The user retains the
 responsibility of confirming the validity of the measurements based on standard practices and
 clinical judgment. Clarius GB Al is indicated for use in adult patients only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   F Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K233955

                          510(k) Summary


This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR § 807.92.

Subject Device Trade Name:            Clarius OB AI

Device Classification Name:            Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System; Automated
                                        Radiological Image Processing Software

Regulation Number, Name and Product Code:

    Regulation Number                      Regulation Name                  Primary Product
                                                                       Code
 21 CFR § 892.1550          Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System                   IYN
 Regulation Number                        Regulation Name                    Secondary
                                                                             Product Code
 21 CFR § 892.2050         Medical Image Management and Processing System         QIH

FDA 510(k) Review Panel:             Radiology

Classification:                          Class II

Manufacturer:                          Clarius Mobile Health Corp.
                                  205-2980 Virtual Way
                                    Vancouver, BC V5M 4X3 Canada

Contact Name:                     Agatha Szeliga
                                         Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                      agatha.szeliga@clarius.com

Date 510(k) Summary Prepared:       June 13, 2024

Predicate Device Information:

 Device Trade Name:                      Sonio Detect
 510(k) Reference:                      K230365
 Manufacturer Name:                      Sonio
 Regulation Name:                           Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
 Device Classification Name:                 Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
                                              Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System
                                         Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Product Code(s):                            IYN; IYO; QIH
 Regulation Number:                    21 CFR § 892.1550; 21 CFR § 892.1560; 21 CFR § 892.2050
 Regulatory Class:                            Class II

                                                                            Page 1 of 13

Note: The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.


Device Description
Clarius OB AI is a machine learning algorithm that is incorporated into the Clarius App software as part of
the complete Clarius Ultrasound Scanner system for use in obstetric (OB) ultrasound imaging applications.
Clarius OB AI is intended for use by trained healthcare practitioners for non-invasive measurements of
fetal biometric parameters on ultrasound data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner system (i.e.,
curvilinear scanner) using a deep learning image segmentation algorithm.

During the ultrasound imaging procedure, the anatomical site is selected through a preset software
selection (i.e., OB, Early OB) within the Clarius App in which Clarius OB AI will engage to segment the fetal
anatomy and place calipers for measurement of fetal biometric parameters.

Clarius OB AI operates by performing the following tasks:

       Automatic detection and measurement of head circumference (HC)
       Automatic detection and measurement of abdominal circumference (AC)
       Automatic detection and measurement of femur length (FL)
       Automatic detection and measurement of bi-parietal diameter (BPD)
       Automatic detection and measurement of crown rump length (CRL)

Clarius OB AI operates by performing automatic measurements of fetal biometric parameters. The user
has the option to manually adjust the measurements made by Clarius OB AI by moving the caliper
crosshairs. Clarius OB AI does not perform any functions that could not be accomplished manually by a
trained and qualified user. Clarius OB AI is intended for use in B-Mode only.

Clarius OB AI is an assistive tool intended to inform clinical management and is not intended to replace
clinical  decision-making.   The  clinician  retains  the  ultimate  responsibility  of  ascertaining  the
measurements based on standard practices and clinical judgment. Clarius OB AI is indicated for use in
adult patients only.

Clarius OB AI is incorporated into the Clarius App software, which is compatible with iOS and Android
operating systems two versions prior to the latest iOS or Android stable release build and is intended for
use with the following Clarius Ultrasound Scanner system transducer (previously 510(k)-cleared in
K213436). Clarius OB AI is not a stand-alone software device.

 Clarius Ultrasound Transducer                 C3 HD3
                                                        Clarius Ultrasound App (Clarius App) for iOS; Clarius App Software                                                        Clarius Ultrasound App (Clarius App) for Android

Indications for Use for Clarius OB AI
Clarius OB AI  is intended to assist in measurements of fetal biometric parameters  (i.e., head
circumference, abdominal circumference, femur length, bi-parietal diameter, crown rump length) on
ultrasound data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner (i.e., curvilinear scanner). The user shall

                                                                            Page 2 of 13

be a healthcare professional trained and qualified in ultrasound. The user retains the responsibility of
confirming the validity of the measurements based on standard practices and clinical judgment.
Clarius OB AI is indicated for use in adult patients only.


Comparison of the Subject Device and Legally Marketed Device for Demonstration of Substantial
Equivalence

The following table provides a comparison of the subject device, Clarius OB AI, to the predicate device. A
comparison of the subject device to the predicate device shows that the subject device has the same
intended use, similar indications for use, the same principle of operation, and is based on a similar AI/ML
algorithm providing segmentation and measurement of fetal biometric parameters, comparable to the
legally marketed device referenced herein.


                                                                            Page 3 of 13

Table 1 - Comparison of the Subject Device to the Legally Marketed Predicate Device

                Criteria                         SUBJECT DEVICE                      PREDICATE DEVICE                 RATIONALE
                                                                                                                                                                                          (if subject device differs
                                                        Clarius OB AI                            Sonio Detect                from predicate device)
510(k) Holder/ Manufacturer            Clarius Mobile Health Corp.                Sonio                                Not applicable
Submission Reference                 Current Submission                     K230365                              Not applicable
Product Code(s)                        IYN; QIH                                    IYN; IYO; QIH                          The “IYN” primary product
                                                                                                            code is the same as the
                                                                                                                            predicate device and the
                                                                                                               “QIH” secondary product
                                                                                                            code is the same as the
                                                                                                                            predicate device.
Device Classification Name             Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging           Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging         The “Ultrasonic Pulsed
                                    System;                                 System;                                 Doppler Imaging System”
                                   Medical Image Management and            Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System;     and the “Medical Image
                                      Processing System                        Medical Image Management and         Management and
                                                                                Processing System                         Processing System” device
                                                                                                                                               classification names are
                                                                                                                     the same as the predicate
                                                                                                                                  device.
Regulation Number                 21 CFR § 892.1550;                     21 CFR § 892.1550;                     The “21 CFR § 892.1550”
                                21 CFR § 892.2050                      21 CFR § 892.1560;                          regulation number and the
                                                                     21 CFR § 892.2050                       “21 CFR § 892.2050”
                                                                                                                                regulation number are the
                                                                                                  same as the predicate
                                                                                                                                  device.
Intended Use                        Intended for use as an assistive tool/aid     Intended for use as an assistive tool/aid    Same as predicate device.
                                     during the acquisition and interpretation    during the acquisition and interpretation
                                       of fetal ultrasound images through non-     of fetal ultrasound images through noninvasive processing of ultrasound images    invasive processing of ultrasound images
                                              utilizing an artificial intelligence/machine-    utilizing an artificial intelligence/machinelearning algorithm.                          learning algorithm.
Indications for Use                      Clarius OB AI is intended to assist in         Sonio Detect is intended to analyze fetal    Both the predicate and
                                measurements of fetal biometric           ultrasound images and clips using           subject device are
                                   parameters (i.e., head circumference,      machine learning techniques to             indicated for analysis of
                                  abdominal circumference, femur            automatically detect views, detect            fetal ultrasound images

                                                                                                            Page 4 of 13

Criteria                         SUBJECT DEVICE                      PREDICATE DEVICE                 RATIONALE
                                                                                                                                                                                          (if subject device differs
                                                        Clarius OB AI                            Sonio Detect                from predicate device)
                                        length, bi-parietal diameter, crown         anatomical structures within the views      using AI/ML techniques.
                              rump length) on ultrasound data          and verify quality criteria of the views.      Both devices detect
                                     acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound                                                      various fetal anatomies;
                                   Scanner (i.e., curvilinear scanner).         The device is intended for use as a          the predicate device
                                 The user shall be a healthcare              concurrent reading aid during the           provides qualitative
                                       professional trained and qualified in         acquisition and interpretation of fetal       information to the user,
                                      ultrasound. The user retains the            ultrasound images.                      whereas the subject
                                          responsibility of confirming the                                                       device provides semivalidity of the measurements based                                             automated quantitative
                               on standard practices and clinical                                                     information regarding
                                   judgment. Clarius OB AI is indicated                                                             fetal biometrics. Both the
                                          for use in adult patients only.                                                          predicate and subject
                                                                                                                            devices are intended for
                                                                                                                use as an adjunctive ‘tool’
                                                                                                                         or aid by the user for the
                                                                                                                                  interpretation of fetal
                                                                                                                        ultrasound images and are
                                                                                                                   not intended to replace
                                                                                                                                                          clinical decision making.
                                                                                                          The differences in the
                                                                                                                                    indications for use do not
                                                                                                                   impact the safety and
                                                                                                                                  effectiveness of the
                                                                                                                               subject device relative to
                                                                                                                     the predicate device.
Radiological application/ Supported    Ultrasound                               Ultrasound                         Same as predicate device.
modality
Clinical application(s)                   Obstetrics/Fetal                             Obstetrics/Fetal                     Same as predicate device.
Principle of Operation/ Technology     Ultrasound image processing software      Ultrasound image processing software     Same as predicate device.
                                        application implementing artificial           application implementing artificial
                                          intelligence utilizing non-adaptive            intelligence utilizing non-adaptive
                                 machine learning algorithms trained with   machine learning algorithms trained with
                                               clinical and/or artificial data intended for     clinical and/or artificial data intended for


                                                                                                            Page 5 of 13

Criteria                         SUBJECT DEVICE                      PREDICATE DEVICE                 RATIONALE
                                                                                                                                                                                          (if subject device differs
                                                        Clarius OB AI                            Sonio Detect                from predicate device)
                                      non-invasive analysis (i.e., quantitative      non-invasive analysis (i.e., quantitative
                                   and/or qualitative) of ultrasound data.      and/or qualitative) of ultrasound data.
Quantitative and/or Qualitative         Fetal biometry/measurement of fetal        Detection, verification, and qualitative      The subject device
Analysis                              biometric parameters (i.e., HC, AC, BPD,     analysis of fetal anatomical structures       performs semi-automated
                                      CRL, FL)                                                                   measurements of fetal
                                                                                                                                 biometrics, whereas the
                                                                                                                            predicate device detects,
                                                                                                                                                      verifies, and performs
                                                                                                                                       qualitative analysis of fetal
                                                                                                                      anatomies.
Algorithm Methodology                   Artificial Intelligence (AI)                         Artificial Intelligence (AI)               Same as predicate device.
Automation (Yes or No)               Yes                                      Yes                               Same as predicate device.
Environment of Use                   Healthcare setting (e.g., hospital, clinic)     Healthcare setting (e.g., hospital, clinic)    Same as predicate device.
Intended Users                       Licensed healthcare professionals           Licensed healthcare professionals         Same as predicate device.
Platform                       Embedded in the Clarius ultrasound app     Cloud-based and stand-alone software     The subject device is
                                                                                                 embedded in the
                                                                                                                        ultrasound app, which is
                                                                                                                              part of the ultrasound
                                                                                                                       system, whereas, the
                                                                                                                            predicate device is cloudbased, stand-alone
                                                                                                                             software.


                                                                                                            Page 6 of 13

Non-Clinical Performance Testing Summary
Clarius OB AI was designed and developed by Clarius Mobile Health Corp. in accordance with the
applicable requirements, design controls, and standards to establish safety and effectiveness of the
device.
Non-clinical performance testing has demonstrated that Clarius OB AI complies with the following FDArecognized consensus standards:

    Standard                                                  Title of Standard
  Recognition
   Number
 13-79           IEC 62304:2006 + A1:2015 - Medical device software — Software life cycle processes
 5-125          ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices
 12-349       NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2022d) Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set
 5-129           IEC 62366-1:2015 + A1:2020 Medical devices — Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
                 medical devices
 5-134          ISO 15223-1:2021 Medical devices — Symbols to be used with medical device labels, labelling
               and information to be supplied

Safety and performance of Clarius OB AI have been evaluated through verification and validation testing
in accordance with applicable specifications and performance standards.  The traceability analysis
provides traceability between the requirement specifications, design specifications, risks, and verification
testing of the subject device. All requirements and risk controls have been successfully verified and traced.
A comprehensive risk analysis was performed for the subject device and appropriate risk controls have
been implemented to mitigate hazards.

Software verification and validation activities were conducted in accordance with IEC 62304:2006 +
AMD1:2015 – Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes and ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices
– Application of risk management to medical devices, and in accordance with relevant FDA guidance
documents, General Principles of Software Validation, Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff (issued
January 11, 2002), Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions
(issued June 14, 2023), and Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
of Premarket Submissions (issued September 27, 2023).

Clarius conforms  to the  cybersecurity requirements by implementing a process  of  preventing
unauthorized access, modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use of information that
is stored, accessed or transferred from a medical device to an external recipient.

Clarius OB AI was tested and found to be safe and effective for the intended use, intended users, intended
patient population, and use environments, as demonstrated through verification and validation testing.
Validation testing was performed to ensure that the final product meets the requirements for the
specified clinical application and performs as intended to meet users’ needs, while demonstrating
substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


                                                                            Page 7 of 13

Clinical Performance Testing Summary
Following completion of the Clarius OB AI model training and tuning, which was conducted to create a
documented baseline of the AI model, verification testing, and clinical validation were performed.
The clinical performance of Clarius OB AI was evaluated through a retrospective analysis of anonymized
ultrasound images from 25 clinical sites in the United States, Canada, Philippines, Australia, Kenya,
Belgium, and Malaysia, representing different ethnic groups and ages. The age of the subjects in the study
ranged from 15 - 45 years. The verification data was entirely independent from the training, validation
(tuning), and test datasets.
The Clarius OB AI deep neural network (DNN) model was trained using three data sets: training, validation
(tuning), and testing. The validation (tuning) data was 10% of the training data, while the test data was
independent and labelled by experts. The DNN parameters and weights were updated based on the
validation (tuning) data at each epoch. The model's generalizability was evaluated on the test data. The
test data was exclusive and independent to ensure robust results.
The objective of clinical performance testing (verification) was to verify that Clarius OB AI automeasurements are non-inferior to manual measurements performed by qualified experts with relevant
(i.e., OB/fetal) ultrasound experience.

Summary of the Verification Study

Ultrasound images were randomly obtained from an anonymized multi-center database of images from
the United States, Philippines, Australia, Kenya, Belgium, Malaysia, and Canada, representing various
ethnicities and ages. The age of the subjects in the study ranged from 15 - 45 years. Institutions included
in the Clarius OB AI model training and tuning dataset were excluded from this study. Images of the fetal
head, abdomen, and femur were collected in cases where the gestational age was greater than 13 weeks
and images of the entire fetus were collected in cases where the gestational age was less than 13 weeks.
The total sample size included in the study was 347 subjects.

The primary objective of the retrospective verification study was to verify that Clarius OB AI fetal biometric
measurements (i.e., CRL, BPD, HC, AC, and FL) are non-inferior to manual measurements performed by
expert clinicians. The secondary objective of the study was to verify a high correlation between fetal
gestational  age  calculated  using manual  expert measurements and  Clarius OB  AI  biometric
measurements. To calculate the gestational age from fetal biometric measurements Hadlock equations
were used. Each reviewer also outlined the boundaries (segmentation) of the fetus, fetal head, and femur
as applicable. Each image had fetal biometric measurements performed by 3 reviewers (clinical truthers).
Each reviewer was blinded to the Clarius OB AI output and the other reviewers' annotations as well. All
obstetric exams of the fetus/fetal anatomy were captured using a Clarius C3 (curvilinear) ultrasound
scanner.

An assessment of the magnitude of the difference between Clarius OB AI and human experts’ fetal
biometric measurements was performed to ascertain whether Clarius OB AI measurement is non-inferior
to those of human experts/ qualified ultrasound users. Clarius OB AI was found to be non-inferior to
human experts with  statistically  significant p-values (<2.2 e-16)  for the various  fetal biometric
measurements. The fetal gestational age in the study ranged from around 58 days to 271 days.


                                                                            Page 8 of 13

Strong agreement was shown between the Clarius OB AI measurements and the mean of the expert
clinicians’ measurements for all fetal biometrics (HC, BPD, FL, AC, and CRL). The Clarius OB AI model also
showed strong agreements with individual expert measurements. The intraclass correlation coefficients
(ICC) for inter-rater reliability were calculated between reviewer pairs and between the Clarius OB AI
output and the mean reviewer measurement. ICC across all fetal biometrics between Clarius OB AI and
the reviewers was calculated to be 0.99 (95% CI 0.994—0.997). To assess the segmentation performance
of Clarius OB AI, the average dice and Jaccard scores between the Clarius OB AI model vs. each reviewer
and between each reviewer pair were also calculated. The range of the average Jaccard scores (for all
anatomical structures) between Clarius OB AI and the reviewers was 0.73 (95% CI 0.72--0.74) to 0.94 (95%
CI 0.93--0.94), and the range of the average dice scores (for all anatomical structures) between Clarius OB
AI and the reviewers was 0.84 (95% CI 0.83--0.87) to 0.97 (95% CI 0.96--0.97).

The results of the retrospective analysis have demonstrated that Clarius OB AI measurement output
adequately  aligns with  expert  clinicians’ manual measurement,  confirming  that  Clarius OB  AI
measurements of fetal biometric parameters are non-inferior to those of human clinical experts.
Therefore, the performance of Clarius OB AI has been verified for fetal biometric measurements for use
in obstetric/fetal ultrasound applications and has been determined as reliable and accurate compared to
clinical experts.

Summary of the Clinical Validation Study

A clinical validation study was conducted to evaluate the design and clinical utility of Clarius OB AI, as
incorporated into the Clarius App software, to determine  if the device performs as intended in a
representative user environment, meets the product requirements, is clinically usable, and meets users’
needs for use in semi-automated fetal biometric measurements.

The results of the validation study showed consistent results among all users, meeting the pre-defined
acceptance criteria. The users were able to activate Clarius OB AI using Clarius’ C3 scanner and choose
the appropriate preset (i.e., OB, Early OB), obtain images of the fetal anatomy of interest (i.e., fetal head,
femur, abdomen, or fetus), perform live segmentation, perform automatic measurements of fetal
biometric parameters (AC,  FL, HC, BPD,  CRL), manually  adjust the measurements, change the
segmentation mask opacity, and save the fetal biometric measurements with each exam.

Therefore, based on the results of the clinical validation study it has been determined that Clarius OB AI
performs as intended and meets user needs for use in semi-automated measurements of fetal biometric
parameters in obstetric/fetal ultrasound applications for calculation of fetal gestational age.

Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)
Clarius OB AI uses a machine learning (ML) algorithm for measurement of fetal biometric parameters (i.e.,
head circumference, abdominal circumference, femur length, bi-parietal diameter, crown rump length)
on ultrasound image data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner.
Modifications to Clarius OB AI will be made in accordance with its Predetermined Change Control Plan
(PCCP). The PCCP provides a description of the device’s planned modifications, a modification protocol
to test, verify, validate, and implement the modifications in a manner that ensures the continued safety
and effectiveness of the device, mitigating risks associated with changes to the OB AI model to not


                                                                            Page 9 of 13

adversely impact the device’s performance, safety, or effectiveness associated with its indications for use,
and an impact assessment of the planned modifications.
The modifications outlined in the PCCP are summarized in the table below. In accordance with the PCCP,
the modified Clarius OB AI algorithm will be adequately trained, tuned, tested, and locked before release
of the modified OB AI model.  Implemented modifications to the Clarius OB AI algorithm will be
communicated to users via the Clarius App software update notification and through updated labelling.
Summary of changes to Clarius OB AI per the PCCP:

       Modification               Rationale            Testing Methods     Impact Assessment
 Modification of model     Improvement and         Re-training of the OB AI  Improved
 architecture               optimization of Clarius   model with new data to  performance
                    OB AI’s performance      optimize its              metrics of modified
                                               performance followed   OB AI model with
                                               by internal testing and    increased accuracy
                                               a comparison of the     and more robust
                                                            original OB AI model to   gestational age
                                                  the modified OB AI       estimates displayed
                                            model (using             to users.
                                               performance metrics)
                                             and clinical               Benefit-Risk
                                               performance testing      Analysis:
                                                            (verification and          Benefits: Improved
                                                            validation).             performance;
                                                                                 generalization for
                                                                                diverse cases.
                                                                                        Risks: Overfitting;
                                                                       unintended bias.

                                                                                   Risk Mitigation:
                                                                         Proper
                                                                                   regularization
                                                                           techniques and
                                                                                    cross-validation and
                                                                       dropout will be
                                                                  employed to
                                                                               mitigate overfitting.
                                                                                    Internal testing and
                                                                                        verification will be
                                                                      conducted to
                                                                               mitigate unintended
                                                                                     biases.

 Modification of model     Improvement and         Internal testing and a    Improved
 training methods and      optimization of Clarius    comparison of the       performance
 parameters           OB AI’s performance      original OB AI model to   metrics of modified
                                                  the modified OB AI     OB AI model.
                                            model (using

                                                                           Page 10 of 13

Modification               Rationale            Testing Methods     Impact Assessment
                                              performance metrics)     Benefit-Risk
                                            and clinical                Analysis:
                                              performance testing      Benefits: Improved
                                                           (verification and         performance;
                                                          validation).               generalization for
                                                                              diverse cases.
                                                                                       Risks: Overfitting;
                                                                      unintended bias.

                                                                                 Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Proper
                                                                                  regularization
                                                                          techniques and
                                                                                   cross-validation and
                                                                      dropout will be
                                                                 employed to
                                                                              mitigate overfitting.
                                                                                   Internal testing and
                                                                                      verification will be
                                                                     conducted to
                                                                              mitigate unintended
                                                                                   biases.

Modification of post-      Improvement and         Internal testing and a    Improved
processing algorithms      optimization of Clarius    comparison of the       performance
                   OB AI’s performance      original OB AI model to   metrics of modified
                      and robustness          the modified OB AI     OB AI model.
                                           model (using
                                              performance metrics)     Benefit-Risk
                                            and clinical                Analysis:
                                              performance testing      Benefits: Improved
                                                           (verification and         performance;
                                                          validation).               generalization for
                                                                              diverse cases.
                                                                                       Risks: Overfitting;
                                                                      unintended bias.

                                                                                 Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Proper
                                                                                  regularization
                                                                          techniques and
                                                                                   cross-validation and
                                                                      dropout will be
                                                                 employed to
                                                                              mitigate overfitting.


                                                                          Page 11 of 13

Modification               Rationale            Testing Methods     Impact Assessment
                                                                                    Internal testing and
                                                                                        verification will be
                                                                      conducted to
                                                                               mitigate unintended
                                                                                     biases.

 Modification of data      To enable use of Clarius   Re-training of the OB AI  By accommodating a
 input sources          OB AI on newer models   model to expand its use  wider array of image
                            of the 510(k)-cleared     with new data sources    geometries and
                              Clarius Ultrasound           (i.e., new 510(k)-          characteristics with
                          Scanner system           cleared models of the    the use of new
                                                          Clarius Ultrasound        510(k)-cleared
                                                      Scanner), internal         Clarius scanners, the
                                                            testing, and clinical      updated OB AI
                                               performance testing     model will be better
                                                            (verification and         equipped to handle
                                                          validation) to assesses    different models of
                                                                       its performance with     the Clarius
                                                  the new data input       Ultrasound Scanner
                                                      sources.               used in varying
                                                                                                 clinical scenarios.

                                                                                   Benefit-Risk
                                                                                     Analysis:
                                                                                    Benefits: Enhanced
                                                                                    compatibility;
                                                                                                Flexibility for diverse
                                                                                                 clinical settings.
                                                                                        Risks: Data skewing
                                                                  and concept drift.

                                                                                   Risk Mitigation:
                                                                                    Internal testing and
                                                                                        verification datasets
                                                                              within the intended
                                                                                patient population
                                                                                               will ensure that data
                                                                       skewing and
                                                                        concept drift are
                                                                                 mitigated.


Conclusion & Summary of Substantial Equivalence
Based on the information presented in this Traditional 510(k) premarket notification and based on the
fundamental   scientific  technology   utilizing   artificial  intelligence/machine  learning  algorithms,

                                                                           Page 12 of 13

technological characteristics, principle of operation, intended use, and environment of use, Clarius OB AI
has been determined to be substantially equivalent in terms of safety and effectiveness to the legally
marketed predicate device.
The subject device and the predicate device employ radiological (ultrasound) image processing software
applications which implement artificial intelligence/machine learning algorithms trained with clinical
and/or artificial data intended for non-invasive analysis of ultrasound data, utilizing similar machinelearning based algorithms for use in obstetric/fetal ultrasound imaging applications for assessment of fetal
anatomy and biometrics.
Performance testing of Clarius OB AI, including the results from verification and validation studies, has
demonstrated that Clarius OB AI measurement output adequately aligns with expert clinicians’ manual
measurements, and thereby performs  as intended  for use  in semi-automated  fetal  biometric
measurements for calculation of fetal gestational age, meeting user needs.
Any differences in the indications for use or technological characteristics between the subject device and
the legally marketed device do not raise any issues related to safety or effectiveness. Therefore, Clarius
OB AI is as safe and effective as the predicate device, Sonio Detect (K230365), and therefore substantially
equivalent.


                                                                           Page 13 of 13