July 12, 2024
Hutom Inc.
℅ Priscilla Chung
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
IRVINE CA 92612

Re: K233457
    Trade/Device Name: RUS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 14, 2024
    Received: June 14, 2024

Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

K233457 - Priscilla Chung                                                             Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                                                                                                                , for
                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233457

Device Name
RUS


Indications for Use (Describe)
RUS is medical imaging software that is intended to provide trained medical professionals with tools to aid them in
reading, interpreting, reporting, and treatment planning for patients. RUS accepts DICOM compliant medical images
acquired from iodine contrast-enhanced abdomen CT.

This product is not intended for use with or for the primary diagnostic interpretation of Mammography images.

The software provides several categories of tools. It includes basic imaging tools for general images, including 2D
viewing, volume rendering and 3D volume viewing, image fusion, surface rendering, measurements, reporting, storing,
general image management and administration tools, etc.

It includes a basic image processing workflow and a custom UI to segment anatomical structures, which are visible in the
image data (bones, organs, vascular structures, etc.), including interactive segmentation tools, basic image filters, etc.

It also includes detection and labeling tools of organ segments, including path definition through vascular and interactive
labeling.

The software is designed to be used by trained professionals (including physicians, surgeons and technicians) and is
intended to assist the clinician who is solely responsible for making all final patient management decisions.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
                                    (K233457)


This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21
CFR Part 807.92.


1.  Date: 06/13/2024

2.  Applicant / Submitter

   Hutom Inc.
    6F, 279, Dongmak-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul
    Republic of Korea

3.  U.S. Designated Agent

    Priscilla Chung
  LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
   18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
    Irvine, CA 92612
    Tel: 714.202.5789      Fax: 714.409.3357
   Email: juhee.c@LKconsultingGroup.com

4.  Device Information:

   •  Trade/Device Name: RUS
   •  Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
   •  Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
   •  Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   •  Regulatory Class:  II
   •  Product Code: QIH


5.  Predicate Device:

   •  Primary Predicate Device: Visible patient Suite (K212896) by Visible Patient, SAS
   •  Reference Predicate Device: Synapse 3D Base Tools v6.6 (K221677) by FUJIFILM
       Corporation


6.  Device Description:

  RUS uses DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) standards to analyze
  CT images. This software provides trained medical professionals with tools to aid them in

                                           Page 1 of 10

reading, interpreting, reporting, and treatment planning. By observing the medical images
    standard protocol (DICOM standards), this software can receive transmitted images from
   medical imaging devices through the h-Server and can be interfaced with PACS (Picture
   Archiving and Communication System).
  RUS allows surgical planning by 3D modeling from patient’s CT data. Surgical planning in
  RUS does not replace actual surgery and can only be used as an auxiliary tool.
  CT is taken at the hospital, the patient’s CT data is obtained from PACS, and the CT data is
    transferred from PACS to h-Server. When CT data and patient information are registered in
    the h-Server, the data is pseudonymized and anonymized and safely moved to the h-Space. If
   you request hu3D production by registering CT data and patient information through hServer, hu3D will be provided within 72 hours. Then you may download the hu3D model
   through RUS Stomach Planning and perform Surgical planning.

  RUS is a software suite and includes three software components: h-Server, h-Space, and
  RUS Stomach Planning.

    1) h-Server
   h-Server includes modules dedicated to data management and data gateway. The software is
   a simple tool either to anonymize or pseudonymize multidimensional digital images acquired
   from a variety of medical imaging modalities (DICOM images). There is no 3D data volume
    interpretation in this software.

    2) h-Space
   h-Space includes data management (except for DICOM files
   anonymization/pseudonymization module) and 3D reconstruction. This software offers a
    flexible solution to help trained medical professionals with image processing knowledge
    (usually radiologists or radiologist technicians) in (1) the evaluation of patient’s anatomy,
   and (2) in the creation of a 3D model of the patient’s anatomy. This software proposes
    flexible workflow options: visualization of patient’s anatomy from medical images; creation
   a 3D model of the patient’s anatomical structures, organ segments and volumetric data;
    creation of an anatomical atlas (a colored image where each color represents a structure); and
    exports these medical data to be analyzed or reviewed later.

    3) RUS Stomach Planning
  RUS Stomach Planning includes modules dedicated to patient & data management and
    surgical planning. This software offers a flexible visualization solution to help trained
   medical professionals (clinicians) in the evaluation of patient’s anatomy to plan therapy or
    surgery.

7.  Indication for use:

  RUS is medical imaging software that is intended to provide trained medical professionals
   with tools to aid them in reading, interpreting, reporting, and treatment planning for patients.
  RUS accepts DICOM compliant medical images acquired from iodine contrast-enhanced
   abdomen CT.


                                           Page 2 of 10

This product is not intended for use with or for the primary diagnostic interpretation of
Mammography images.

The software provides several categories of tools. It includes basic imaging tools for general
images, including 2D viewing, volume rendering and 3D volume viewing, image fusion,
surface rendering, measurements, reporting, storing, general image management and
administration tools, etc.

It includes a basic image processing workflow and a custom UI to segment anatomical
structures, which are visible in the image data (bones, organs, vascular structures, etc.),
including interactive segmentation tools, basic image filters, etc.

It also includes detection and labeling tools of organ segments, including path definition
through vascular and interactive labeling.

The software is designed to be used by trained professionals (including physicians, surgeons
and technicians) and is intended to assist the clinician who is solely responsible for making
all final patient management decisions.


                                       Page 3 of 10

8.  Substantial Equivalence:


  The RUS is substantially equivalent to the following predicate devices:

     •  Primary Predicate Device: Visible Patient Suite (K212896) by Visible Patient, SAS
     •  Reference Device: Synapse 3D Base Tools v6.6 (K221677) by FUJIFILM Corporation

     8.1.Comparison Chart

  Elements of
                             Subject Device                  Primary Predicate                  Additional Predicate            Comparison
  Comparison
  Device Name              RUS                            Visible patient Suite              Synapse 3D Base Tools v6.6

     510#                  K233457                        K212896                        K221677

  Manufacturer               Hutom                           Visible Patient, SAS              FUJIFILM Corporation
  Classification          System, Image Processing,             System, Image Processing,            System, Image Processing,
                                                                                                               Same
    Name                     Radiological                           Radiological                           Radiological
   Regulation
                         21 CFR 892.2050                   21 CFR 892.2050                   21 CFR 892.2050               Same
  Number No.
  Product Code               QIH                        LLZ                        LLZ                    Same

  Classification                   Class II                               Class II                               Class II                   Same
             RUS is medical imaging software that   Visible Patient Suite is medical        Synapse 3D Base Tools is medical
                          is intended to provide trained medical   imaging software that is intended to     imaging software that is intended to
                     professionals with tools to aid them in   provide trained medical professionals    provide trained medical professionals
                     reading, interpreting, reporting, and     with tools to aid them in reading,        with tools to aid them in reading,
                     treatment planning for patients. RUS    interpreting, reporting, and treatment     interpreting, reporting, and treatment
                     accepts DICOM compliant medical     planning for both pediatric and adult     planning. Synapse 3D Base Tools
Indications for use                                                                                                 Same
                  images acquired from iodine contrast-   patients. Visible Patient Suite accepts    accepts DICOM compliant medical
                  enhanced abdomen CT.          DICOM compliant medical images     images acquired from a variety of
                                                          acquired from a variety of imaging      imaging devices including, CT, MR,
                   This product is not intended for use     devices, including CT, MR.          CR, US, NM, PT, and XA, etc. This
                    with or for the primary diagnostic       This product is not intended for use     product is not intended for use with
                       interpretation of Mammography        with or for the primary diagnostic       or for the primary diagnostic


                                                                Page 4 of 10

Elements of
                          Subject Device                  Primary Predicate                  Additional Predicate            Comparison
Comparison
                 images.                                   interpretation of Mammography          interpretation of Mammography
                                                       images.                               images. Synapse 3D Base Tools
               The software provides several        The software provides several           provides several levels of tools to the
                   categories of tools. It includes basic     categories of tools. It includes basic      user: Basic imaging tools for general
                imaging tools for general images,      imaging tools for general images,       images, including 2D viewing,
                  including 2D viewing, volume          including 2D viewing, volume         volume rendering and 3D volume
                  rendering and 3D volume viewing,      rendering and 3D volume viewing,      viewing, orthogonal/ oblique/ curved
                image fusion, surface rendering,        orthogonal Multi-Planar                Multi-Planar Reconstructions (MPR),
                 measurements, reporting, storing,       Reconstructions (MPR), image fusion,  Maximum (MIP), Average (RaySum)
                  general image management and         surface rendering, measurements,       and Minimum (MinIP) Intensity
                  administration tools, etc.                 reporting, storing, general image         Projection, 4D volume viewing,
                                               management and administration tools,   image fusion, image subtraction,
                         It includes a basic image processing      etc.                                     surface rendering, sector and
                workflow and a custom UI to               It includes a basic image processing     rectangular shape MPR image
                segment anatomical structures, which   workflow and a custom UI to segment   viewing, MPR for dental images,
                   are visible in the image data (bones,     anatomical structures, which are         creating and displaying multiple
                  organs, vascular structures, etc.),         visible in the image data (bones,     MPR images along an object, timeincluding interactive segmentation      organs, vascular/airway structures,       density distribution, basic image
                     tools, basic image filters, etc.              etc.), including interactive               processing, noise reduction, CINE,
                                                      segmentation tools, basic              measurements, annotations,
                         It also includes detection and labeling   image filters, etc.                         reporting, printing, storing,
                   tools of organ segments, including         It also includes detection and labeling    distribution, and general image
                  path definition through vascular and     tools of organ segments (liver, lungs    management and administration
                    interactive labeling.                  and kidneys), including path              tools, etc.
                                                              definition through vascular/airway,      -Tools for regional segmentation of
               The software is designed to be used     approximation of vascular/airway       anatomical structures within the
               by trained professionals (including       territories from tubular structures and   image data, path definition through
                   physicians, surgeons and technicians)    interactive labeling.                     vascular and other tubular structures,
                and is intended to assist the clinician   The software is designed to be used     and boundary detection.
             who is solely responsible for making   by trained professionals (including      -Image viewing tools for modality
                       all final patient management            physicians, surgeons and technicians)    specific images, including CT PET
                   decisions.                          and is intended to assist the clinician     fusion and ADC image viewing for
                                          who is solely responsible for making  MR studies.


                                                             Page 5 of 10

Elements of
                             Subject Device                  Primary Predicate                  Additional Predicate            Comparison
  Comparison
                                                                            all final patient management           -Imaging tools for CT images
                                                               decisions.                              including virtual endoscopic viewing
                                                                                       and dual energy image viewing.
                                                                                           -Imaging tools for MR images
                                                                                                   including delayed enhancement
                                                                                     image viewing, diffusion-weighted
                                                                   MRI image viewing.
                      Trained professionals (including        Trained professionals (including
   Intended user                                                                                   Trained medical professionals           Same
                      physicians, surgeons and technicians)    physicians, surgeons and technicians)
   Where used                    Hospital                               Hospital                               Hospital                   Same
                                                                                   CT, MR, CR, US, NM, PT, and XA,
Type of input data             CT                            CT, MR                                                Same
                                                                                                                              etc
 Data information    Anonymization (Some Dicom Tag)    Anonymization (DICOM data, patient    Anonymization (Patient name, ID,
                                                                                                                                                  Similar
    processing      Pseudonymization (Patient name, ID)               information)                           study list)
  2D viewing               YES                       YES                       YES                    Same
  Image Storing                                                                                                   Same
                         YES                       YES                       YES
 (DICOM SCP)
     Image                                                                                                      Same
 Communication             YES                       YES                       YES
 (DICOM SCU)
 Printing (DICOM                                                                                                 Same
                         YES                       YES                       YES
     SCU)
Measurements (2D                                                                                                 Same
                         YES                       YES                       YES
     and 3D)
    Reporting               YES                       YES                       YES                    Same
Volume Rendering                                                                                                 Same
                         YES                       YES                       YES
 and 3D viewing
  Image fusion              YES                       YES                       YES                    Same
  Surface fusion              YES                       YES                       YES                    Same
Image subtraction                                                                                                 Same
                         YES                       YES                       YES
      (3D)


                                                                Page 6 of 10

Elements of
                             Subject Device                  Primary Predicate                  Additional Predicate            Comparison
  Comparison
  General image                                                                                                   Same
 data management
      and                 YES                       YES                       YES
  administration
       tools
  Segmentation              YES                       YES                       YES                    Same
      Virtual
   Endoscopic               YES                         No                        YES                    Same
    Simulator
     Product
                             Software product                     Software product                     Software product                Same
    Availability
Hardware platform           Windows PC                    Windows PC                    Windows PC                 Same

      8.2. Substantial Equivalence Discussion

        The Substantial Equivalence (SE) Comparison Table (Table 8.1) in which we compare the differences and similarities of the
         proposed device to the predicate device follows in this Section and the reference device is only similar with function (tool)
         compared with the subject device.
        The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in the following ways:

            Indications for Use
           The subject device has the same indications for use as the predicate devices.

           Where used
           The subject device shares the same usage environment as the predicate device.

           Type of input data
           The input data for the subject device consists of CT images, which is consistent with the input data type of the predicate
              device.

            Basic imaging tools


                                                                Page 7 of 10

The fundamental imaging tools, such as 2D/3D viewing, image storage, communication, printing, reporting, and rendering,
    are identical to those of the predicate device. These tools are part of the existing toolkit of the predicate device.

   Segmentation
   The application segments and reconstructs various anatomical structures including organs (such as the liver, stomach,
    spleen, gallbladder, and pancreas), vessels, and skin. The predicate devices' segmentation areas encompass those of the
    subject device. The subject device has similar or different technical characteristics to the predicate devices in the
    following ways:

   Technological characteristics
   The RUS has the same principles of operation as its predicate device, but there are some differences in technical
    characteristics. There is a difference between anonymization and pseudonymization in data information processing. While
    the predicate devices anonymize DICOM data and patient information (such as ID and name), the subject device
    pseudonymizes patient names and IDs while also anonymizing certain DICOM tags. The validation test has confirmed the
    effectiveness of this data information processing. This difference does not raise a new concern in safety or effectiveness.

The subject device, RUS, is equivalent to the predicate device in terms of the same indications for use, intended user, target
population, use environment, type of input data, and basic imaging tools. Performance tests were carried out to assess the
functionality of RUS, the subject device. The test results of all conducted tests support that the subject device is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                      Page 8 of 10

9. Performance Data:

    Safety and performance of RUS has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
    specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and
    validation testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in
   accordance with IEC 62304:2006/Amd 1: 2015- Medical device software – Software life
    cycle processes, in addition to the FDA Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
   Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” and “Content of
   Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.”

    • Software Verification/Validation Tests
    • Performance Tests (Segmentation Accuracy, pneumoperitoneum, Length
      Measurement)

    Three machine learning models are included in RUS. (Organ: CADD U-NET, Vessel: 3D UNET, Pneumoperitoneum: Linear regression). These models were verified with datasets of
    actual CT imaging studies of patients. A total of 60 imaging studies were used to evaluated the
    device. No dataset contained more than one imaging study from any particular patient. No
    imaging study used to verify performance was used for training; independence of training and
    testing data were enforced at the level of the scanning institution, namely, studies sourced from
    a specific institution were used for either training or testing but could not be used for both.
   The data used in the device validation ensured diversity in patient population and CT system
    manufacturer. The data acquired from different CT systems and acquisition condition to reflect
    the intended use environment and the recommended CT settings. The data includes patients
    with and without disease.

    Performance was verified by comparing segmentations and pneumoperitoneum generated
   by the machine learning models against segmentations generated by medical professionals and
   3D scan data form the same imaging study.

    h-Space is divided into Organ, Vessel, and Pneumoperitoneum, and the target performance is
    described. For Organ Segmentation, the target performance is set DSC 0.920 by referring and
     literature on Multi-Organ Segmentation.1 According to the literature, using various methods to
    calculate the DSC results for multiple organ segmentations yielded a maximum average value
    of 0.918. Therefore, to set a higher target, we referred to relevant papers and established
     criteria of organ segmentation at 0.920.
    For Vessel Segmentation, we set a target performance of DSC 0.890 by referring to the
     literature.2 This literature describes a framework for vessel segmentation. It reports cases of
    achieving high DSC on vessel data, making it a valuable resource for establishing benchmarks
    for vessel segmentation. Among the various structures' vessel segmentation scores, we set the
    highest value of 0.890 as our criteria.
    For Pneumoperitoneum, the target performance was set to MAE ± 1.083mm based on the


1 Yucheng Tang, Dong Yang, Wenqi Li, Holger Roth, Bennett Landman, Daguang Xu, Vishwesh Nath, Ali Hatamizadeh (2022, March). Self-Supervised PreTraining of Swin Transformers for 3D Medical Image Analysis. arXiv:2111.14791v2 from https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2111.14791

2 Giles Tetteh, Velizar Efremov, Nils D. Forkert, Matthias Schneider, Jan Kirschke, Bruno Weber, Claus Zimmer, Marie Piraud and Björn H. Menze (2020, Dec).

DeepVesselNet: Vessel Segmentation, Centerline Prediction, and Bifurcation Detection in 3D Angiographic Volumes. from https://doi.org/10.3389/fnins.2020.592352


                                           Page 9 of 10

validation data during the model development process.

   The performance of the machine learning models, characterized by the Dice coefficient Scores
   (DSC) and Mean Absolute Error (MEA), was as follows: Organ 0.927 DSC; Vessel 0.920
   DSC; Pneumoperitoneum +/- 0.972 mm;

   The accuracy of length measurement features has been validated on phantom data and hu3D
    data. The type of measurements verified were distances between two points (Ruler function).
   The measurements produced by RUS were verified to be accurate within a mean difference of
    +/- 10%.


10. Conclusion:

   The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general
   function, application, and indications for use. The test results also support the substantial
   equivalence to the predicate devices. Therefore, we conclude that the subject device
   described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                           Page 10 of 10