January 19, 2024

GE Healthcare (Tianjin) Company Limited
℅ Glen Sabin
Director - Regulatory Affairs, MR Strategy
GE Medical Systems, LLC
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188

Re: K233728
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNATM Champion
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI
    Dated: November 21, 2023
    Received: November 21, 2023

Dear Glen Sabin:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233728 - Glen Sabin                                                                 Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use
51 O(k) Number  (if known)
K233728
Device Name
SIGNA™ Champion

Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGN A™ Champion is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high
 signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal,
coronal, and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures
 and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis,
joints, prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions of the body.
Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used. The images produced by SIGNA™
Champion reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance.
These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           00 Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       □Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                                Page 1 of 2                                                     PSC Publishing Smiccs (301) 443-6740

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
          *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                  ''An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                               Page 2 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Smiccs (301) 443-6740

K233728
                                              SIGNA Champion
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification


                                 510(k) Summary

     In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date            January 19, 2024

              GE Healthcare (Tianjin) Company Limited
 Submitter       No. 266 Jingsan Road, Tianjin Airport Economic Area
                     Tianjin, P.R. China 300308

                  Xinyu Song
                Lead Specialist, Regulatory Affairs, MR Primary              GE HealthCare Contact Person                 Phone: +86 186 1188 4503
                    E-mail: Xinyu.Song@ge.com

                 Glen Sabin
                   Director - Regulatory Affairs, MR Strategy Secondary              GE HealthCare Contact Person                 Phone: 262 894-4968
                    E-mail: glen.sabin@ge.com
 Device Trade                 SIGNATM Champion Name
 Common/Usual                 Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device Name
 Classification                 Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device per 21 CFR 892.1000 Names
 Product Code   LNH, LNI
 Predicate                 SIGNATM Voyager (K192426) Device
 Reference             (1) SIGNATM Victor (K223439)
 Device                 (2) SIGNATM Hero (K213668)


Reason for Submission:
   This 510(k) is being submitted due to the introduction of SIGNATM Champion, a new 1.5T
  MR system from GE HealthCare.


                                                                                            Page 1 of 6

SIGNA Champion
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

Device Description:
   SIGNA™ Champion is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high
    resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan time. The system uses a combination
    of time-varying magnet fields (Gradients) and RF transmissions to obtain information
   regarding the density and position of elements exhibiting magnetic resonance. The
   system can image in the sagittal, coronal, axial, oblique, and double oblique planes, using
   various pulse sequences, imaging techniques and reconstruction algorithms. The system
   features a 1.5T superconducting magnet with 70cm bore size. The system is designed to
   conform to NEMA DICOM standards (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine).

   A high-level summary of significant hardware and software modifications is provided
   below:

   Hardware changes (compared with Predicate Device SIGNATM Voyager):
        -  Magnet Enclosure
        -   Patient Table and related support components
        -  Host Computer
        -  RF Transmit Chain
        -   Wireless Gating

   Software Changes (compared with Reference Device 2 SIGNATM Hero)
        -   Sonic DL
        -   AIR Recon DL

Indications for Use
   The SIGNA™ Champion is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support
   high resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a
   diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images,
   spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the
    structures and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck,
   TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and
   musculoskeletal regions of the body.
   Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used. The
   images produced by SIGNA™ Champion reflect the spatial distribution or molecular
   environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance.
   These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information
   that may assist in diagnosis.


                                                                                            Page 2 of 6

SIGNA Champion
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification
Technology
   The SIGNA™ Champion employs the same fundamental scientific technology as its
   predicate device.

   SIGNA™ Champion is built with superconducting magnet, RF transmit architecture, RF
   receive chain and software application suite.

Comparison of Indications for Use
   The changes in technology do not impact the indications for use.

   The indications for use have not been changed, other than to reflect the SIGNA™
   Champion product name.

   Therefore, the intended use is the same as the predicate device in accordance with the
   FDA’s guidance document “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in
   Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics
    Overall, the SIGNA™ Champion employs the same fundamental scientific technology and
   operating principles as the predicate device.

   There are some differences in characteristics between the proposed device and the
   predicate device, as summarized below:

     Subsystem or   Predicate Device     Proposed Device    Comments
     Component    SIGNATM Voyager     SIGNATM Champion
                     (K192426)           (K233728)
      Magnet         1.5T Superconducting Magnet with active     SIGNATM Champion uses the
                        shielding                            same magnet as the
                                                                   predicate SIGNATM Voyager,
                                                                 with a modified enclosure
                                                                     design.
      Gradient       Water cooled gradient coil with active        SIGNATM Champion uses the
      Subsystem       shielding.                            same gradient subsystem as
                                                                 the predicate SIGNATM
                                                                  Voyager.


                                                                                            Page 3 of 6

SIGNA Champion
                                                      510(k) Premarket Notification
Subsystem or   Predicate Device     Proposed Device    Comments
Component    SIGNATM Voyager     SIGNATM Champion
               (K192426)           (K233728)
RF Transmit     Transmit with integrated body coil and local   SIGNATM Champion uses the
Subsystem      T/R coil.                             same integrated body coil as
                                                           the predicate SIGNATM
                                                           Voyager, but other
                                                   components in the transmit
                                                           chain are different. The
                                                        SIGNATM Champion uses the
                                                                   In Scan Room transmit
                                                               architecture found in
                                                          Reference Device 1 (SIGNATM
                                                                        Victor).
RF Receive       Digitize-Per-Pin (DPP) receive chain          SIGNATM Champion uses the
Subsystem       architecture.                         same DPP architecture as
                                                           the predicate SIGNATM
                                                           Voyager.
RF Coils        Comprehensive suite of detachable coils for   Coils used by SIGNATM
               imaging all anatomies                   Champion are also used by
                                                           the predicate SIGNATM
                                                        Voyager and/or Reference
                                                          Device 1 (SIGNATM Victor).
Software       Comprehensive suite of software features,    Both SIGNATM Champion and
Features        pulse sequences, and image processing       the predicate SIGNATM
                 applications to support MR imaging of all     Voyager are fully capable MR
                anatomies.                               systems with a wide range of
                                                           software features. SIGNATM
                                                  Champion includes some
                                              new and enhanced features
                                                       such as AIR Recon DL and
                                                          Sonic DL that were not
                                                           included in the predicate
                                                     K192426 submission. The
                                                        SIGNATM Champion software
                                                               features are similar to those
                                                      found on Reference Device 2
                                                           (SIGNATM Hero).
Gating           Respiratory,           Respiratory            In addition to SIGNATM
Accessories      peripheral, and        peripheral and        Voyager’s gating solution,
                 cardiac gating.        cardiac gating with    SIGNATM Champion offers an
                                        wireless connection   additional option to use
                                        option.                wireless connection.


                                                                                     Page 4 of 6

SIGNA Champion
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

   These differences do not raise any different questions regarding safety and effectiveness.
   Both devices must address questions of whether they provide an adequate level of image
    quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance data described in this submission
   include results of both bench testing and clinical testing that show the image quality
   performance of SIGNA™ Champion compared to the predicate device.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
   Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:

   The SIGNA™ Champion and the predicate device were subject to similar risk management
    testing to demonstrate substantial equivalence of safety and performance.
   Testing to the following voluntary standards included:
      •  ANSI AAMI ES60601-1
      •  IEC 60601-1-2
      •  IEC 60601-2-33
      •  IEC 62304
      •  IEC 60601-1-6
      •  IEC 62366-1
      •  ISO 10993-1
    In addition, the SIGNA™ Champion complies with applicable NEMA MS standards for MRI
   and NEMA PS3 standard for DICOM, as does the predicate device.
   Both the SIGNA™ Champion and the predicate device have a successful biocompatibility
   track record, as demonstrated by ISO 10993 testing and by their history of use in
   previously cleared devices.
   The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the subject
    device, as they were for the predicate device:
      •  Risk Analysis
      •  Requirements Reviews
      •  Design Reviews
      •  Testing on unit level (Module verification)
      •  Integration testing (System verification)
      •  Performance testing (Verification)
      •  Simulated use testing (Validation)
   Summary of Clinical Tests:
   The subject of this premarket submission, the SIGNA™ Champion, did not require clinical
   studies to support substantial equivalence. Sample clinical images have been included in
    this submission.


                                                                                            Page 5 of 6

SIGNA Champion
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification
   The sample clinical images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic image performance of the
   SIGNA™ Champion in accordance with the FDA Guidance “Submission of Premarket
    Notifications for Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on October 10, 2023. The
   image quality of the SIGNA™ Champion is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate
    device.
   Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:

   The indications for use of the proposed device are comparable to the claimed predicate
    device. The SIGNA™ Champion employs equivalent technology to the claimed predicate
    device. Additionally, the results from the above non-clinical tests demonstrate that the
   device performs as intended. Therefore, the SIGNA™ Champion is substantially equivalent
   to the predicate device to which it has been compared.


Conclusion
    In conclusion, GE HealthCare considers the SIGNA™ Champion to be as safe, as effective,
   with performance that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                            Page 6 of 6