April 3, 2024
Oxehealth Limited
Joao Jorge, PhD
Sleep Analysis Lead
Magdalen Centre North
Oxford Science Park
Oxford, OX4 4GA
United Kingdom

Re: K233618
    Trade/Device Name: Oxevision Sleep Device
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.5050
    Regulation Name: Biofeedback device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LEL
    Dated: March 4, 2024
    Received: March 4, 2024

Dear Joao Jorge:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233618 - Joao Jorge                                                                 Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                           Patrick
                                   Antkowiak -S
                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional

K233618 - Joao Jorge Page 3
and Neurodiagnostic Devices
OHTS: Office of Neurological
and Physical Medicine Devices
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K23361 8                                                           I
Device Name
 Oxevision Sleep Device

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The Oxevision Sleep Device is an activity monitor designed and intended for documenting physical
 movements associated with applications in physiological monitoring. The device's intended use is to
 analyze subject activity, movement and physiological sign data associated with movement during
 sleep and to extract information about certain sleep parameters from these movements and
 physiological sign data.

 The device provides a timeline of periods when a bed space is occupied, and periods when a
 subject is asleep when the bed space is occupied.

 The Oxevision Sleep Device is software assessing video footage from a fixed-installation device for
 use within single occupancy bed spaces within hospitals, general care and secured environments.

 The Oxevision Sleep Device is indicated for use on subjects 18 years of age or older.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device


                   510(k) Summary

                               Oxevision Sleep Device
                                 K233618

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

General information

Submitter’s Name:     Dr. Joao Jorge

Address:              Oxehealth Limited
                   Magdalen Centre North,
                     Oxford Science Park,
                       Oxford, OX4 4GA
                 UK

Phone:              +44 (0) 1865 900 599

Contact Person:        Dr. Joao Jorge

Email:                joao.jorge@oxehealth.com

Date Prepared:       4 March 2024

Device Information

Trade name:           Oxevision Sleep Device

Common Name:       Sleep Assessment System

Address of Sponsor:    Oxehealth Limited
                   Magdalen Centre North,
                     Oxford Science Park,
                       Oxford, OX4 4GA
                 UK

Classification Name:    LEL, Biofeedback device, 21 CFR 882.5050

Predicate Device:      Fatigue Science, SBV2TM System - K111514


Oxehealth Ltd.                           4 Mar 2024                                 1/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device


Indication for Use:    The Oxevision Sleep Device is an activity monitor designed and intended for
                    documenting physical movements associated with applications in
                        physiological monitoring. The device's intended use is to analyze subject
                           activity, movement and physiological sign data associated with movement
                      during sleep and to extract information about certain sleep parameters from
                      these movements and physiological sign data.
                   The device provides a timeline of periods when a bed space is occupied, and
                      periods when a subject is asleep when the bed space is occupied.
                   The Oxevision Sleep Device is software assessing video footage from a fixedinstallation device for use within single occupancy bed spaces within
                         hospitals, general care and secured environments.
                   The Oxevision Sleep Device is indicated for use on subjects 18 years of age or
                        older.

Device Description:    Oxevision Sleep is a software-only medical device (SaMD) that provides noncontact sleep assessment in the inpatient setting based on the analysis of
                       patient movement, activity and physiological sign data derived from video,
                     without the need for contact devices to be attached to the patient or bed.
                   The device consists of custom-designed software assessing video footage
                        collected using off-the-shelf cameras installed within single occupancy bed
                     spaces within hospitals, general care and secured environments. Proprietary
                       software-controlled algorithms are used to derive patient movement, activity
                   and physiological sign data and then to obtain information on bed occupancy
                   and sleep state from the analysis of this data.
                   The device software automates recognition of sleep periods, generation of
                       sleep reports, and their presentation in a graphical display for use by a
                      healthcare professional.

Technological Characteristics and Comparison:
                   The Oxevision Sleep Device is substantially equivalent to the SBV2TM System
                     (K111514) from Fatigue Science Inc. based on the technological and
                    performance characteristics as described in Table 1.

                   The subject device, Oxevision Sleep Device, and the predicate SBV2TM System
                      are both intended for the assessment of sleep and are both used to measure,
                       record, display, transmit and analyze physiological parameters during sleep
                   and wake. Both are intended for documenting physical movements
                       associated with applications in physiological monitoring in patients, and
                       derive sleep measurements from these movements. Both can be used on
                       adult patients. Both provide a timeline of periods when a subject is in bed,
                   and of periods when a subject is asleep for a set time period (e.g. 7 days.) in


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      2/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device

                       reports that can be viewed and exported in electronic format. These
                          similarities led to the conclusion that the Oxevision Sleep Device is
                         substantially equivalent to the SBV2TM System.

Table 1: Comparison between the Oxevision Sleep Device and the previously cleared SBV2 System
[K111514] (cleared by FDA under the LEL product code).


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      3/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device


                            Subject Device                       Predicate Device                  Equivalence
 Trade Name           Oxevision Sleep Device                     SBV2
 Reference                 K233618                          K111514
 Sponsor                Oxehealth Limited                     Fatigue Science Inc.
 Intended Use         Sleep Assessment Device               Sleep Assessment Device
 Product Code                   LEL                                   LEL               Same as the predicate
                                                                                                      device.
 Intended Use   The Oxevision Sleep Device is an       The SBV2 System is an activity           Substantially equivalent
                     activity monitor designed and          monitor designed and intended for      to the predicate device.
                intended for documenting physical      documenting physical movements
              movements associated with             associated with applications in
                  applications in physiological              physiological monitoring. The
                 monitoring. The device's intended use   device's intended use is to analyze
                        is to analyze subject activity,            limb activity associated with
              movement and physiological sign data  movement during sleep and to
                  associated with movement during        extract information about certain
                 sleep and to extract information         sleep parameters from these
                about certain sleep parameters from    movements. SBV2 can also be used
                 these movements and physiological      to assess activity in any instance
                   sign data.                         where quantifiable analysis of
                                                            physical motion is desirable.

 Intended Use   The Oxevision Sleep Device is          The use of SBV2 is indicated for         Intended use population
 Population     indicated for use on subjects 18 years    adults 22 years of age and over.            is substantially
                  of age or older.                                                                equivalent to the
                                                                                                 predicate device.
                                                                                                   Differences in age
                                                                                        groups have been
                                                                                                  validated as part of a
                                                                                          US-census balanced
                                                                                             study cohort.

 Commercial     Prescription use.                        Indicated for Over the Counter (OTC)    Prescription use
 distribution                                          Use. Patient receives data recording     represents a lower risk
                                                            unit from a dispensing agent such as    posture than OTC.
                                                   a pharmacist.
                                                                                                   Differences to predicate
                                                                                do not introduce any
                                                                                               questions of safety or
                                                                                                         effectiveness.
 Intended use    Single occupancy bed spaces within     Body-worn device providing         No change from
 environment    hospitals, general care and secured      actigraphy data to a PC processing      reference device.
                environments.                          application/software. For use in any
                                                          sleeping location.
 Data          Data collection is from an off-the shelf   Data recording unit is attached to       Differences to predicate
 Collection      video camera, collecting continuously.   patient's limb or torso and worn       do not introduce any
                                                        continuously                          questions of safety or
               The specification of the camera and                                                effectiveness.
                   qualification as suitable for use is
                  controlled by Oxehealth                                                                  Clinical performance has
                                                                                   been validated and
                                                                                       found to be as good or
                                                                                                   better than the
                                                                                                     predicate.


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      4/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device


                            Subject Device                       Predicate Device                  Equivalence
 User            Application developed by the            Application developed by the           Differences to predicate
 Interface       manufacturer, installed on OTS         manufacturer, installed on OTS       do not introduce any
               computer or mobile device. Installed    computer. Installed by the user on a    questions of safety or
               by Oxehealth with no other          BYOD platform.                          effectiveness.
                  applications in the operating
                environment.
 Compatibility   Standard, off the shelf computers and   SleepAnalyzer application can be        Differences to predicate
 with           mobile devices, specified and installed   used in standard, off-the-shelf        do not introduce any
 Hardware      by Oxehealth, and validated during      computers to retrieve collected data    questions of safety or
                    installation.                         from the data recording unit and        effectiveness.
                                                     generate reports based on collected
                                                           data.


Non-Clinical Performance :
                       Since the device is SaMD using off-the-shelf image acquisition and data
                      processing equipment, no EMC or electrical safety testing has been
                     performed.
                       Since the device has no patient contacting parts, no biocompatibility or
                     mechanical safety testing has been performed.
                     Oxehealth have reviewed the FDA’s database of recognised consensus
                      standards and has consequently applied the following standards to the
                    development of the device:
                   ●  ISO 14971:2019 + A11:2021 - Application of risk management to
                            medical devices
                   ●  AAMI BS 34971:2022 - Application of risk management to Artificial
                                 Intelligence and Machine Learning Devices
                   ●  IEC 62304:2006 + A1:2015 - Software life cycle processes
                   ●  IEC 82304-1:2016 - Health software
                   ●  IEC 80001-1:2021 - Application of risk management for IT-networks
                               incorporating medical devices — Part 1: Safety, effectiveness and
                                security in the implementation and use of connected medical devices
                             or connected health software
                   ●  IEC 81001-5-1:2021 - Health software and health IT systems safety,
                               effectiveness and security — Part 5-1: Security — Activities in the
                            product life cycle
                   ●  IEC/TR 80002-1:2009 - Medical device software — Part 1: Guidance
                         on the application of ISO 14971 to medical device software
                   ●  IEC 62366-1:2015 +A1:2020 - Application of risk management to
                            medical devices
                   ●  ISO 15223-1:2021 - Medical devices — Symbols to be used with
                             information to be supplied by the manufacturer
                   ●  ISO 20417:2021 Symbols to be used with information to be supplied
                           by the manufacturer


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      5/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device

                   The firm has also performed penetration and vulnerability testing in line with
                     FDA’s guidance on cybersecurity.

Clinical Performance:  The clinical performance (validation) testing of the Oxevision Sleep software
                      device was designed to assess the performance of the Oxevision Sleep Device
                      algorithm against reference standards on two tasks:
                               A. The accuracy of periods of bed occupancy detected using
                              Oxevision Sleep Device algorithms measured against periods of
                           human-labeled bed occupancy is not inferior to 95%;
                                B. The agreement between Oxevision Sleep Device algorithms in
                            sleep/wake classification measured against polysomnographic
                              reference standard during periods of bed occupancy detected using
                              Oxevision Sleep Device algorithms is not inferior to Agreement =
                          82%, Positive agreement = 88%, and Negative Agreement = 55%.
                    These endpoints were selected as they are the stated performance
                         specifications of the predicate device.
                   The clinical data used to determine the clinical performance of the device
                  was obtained in a sample of 60 individuals (a total of 772.65 hours of data).
                   The demographic characteristics of this sample are shown in Table 2.
                      Table 2: Summary of demographic characteristics for the validation data
                        collected from the 60 adults in the validation sample.

                         Variable                          Value

                     Age (mean ± std)                    48.6 ± 14.5 years

                      Weight (mean ± std)                76.2 ± 17.7 kg

                        Height (mean ± std)                 168.7 ± 9.7 cm

                     Body mass index (mean ± std)        26.7 ± 5.6 kg/m2

                        Sex
                       Male                        30 volunteers
                        Female                       30 volunteers

                             Fitzpatrick skin type            Ⅰ: 3, Ⅱ: 12, Ⅲ: 21, Ⅳ: 6, Ⅴ: 10, Ⅵ: 8


                     Reference measurements (physiological signals and video polysomnography
                       data) were collected using an FDA-cleared polysomnography (PSG) device
                   (SOMNOscreenTM plus device, Somnomedics, Germany). Video data was
                        collected concurrently from a standard off-the-shelf camera and hardware
                         installed in two rooms according to the Oxehealth Installation Instructions
                        for use with the Oxevision Sleep Device software.


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      6/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device

                     Reference PSG measurements were assessed and scored (in accordance with
                     the American Academy of Sleep Medicine Manual for the Scoring of Sleep
                   and Associated Events version 2.6 of January 2020) by three trained sleep
                         physiologists, blinded to the video data collected by the standard off-theshelf camera.
                      Oxevision video data was reviewed and annotated (to obtain a reference
                      standard) for periods of bed occupancy by two reviewers, blinded to the
                      algorithm development details.
                      Table 3: Confusion matrix of Oxevision Sleep Device outputs against the
                      reference standards of expert-scored PSG and annotated bed occupancy for
                               all epochs in the validation sample A.

                                                                      Reference standard
                                                            from expert-scored PSG and annotated bed occupancy

                                   No. epochs                                 In Bed
                                                                                                          Out-of-bed                                                                    No sleep
                                                           Sleep       Wake                                                                                                    status1

                                                 Sleep    33,951         2,872         78            0
                                           In
                                       Wake     2,072        11,203         2           136                             Bed                      Oxe
                            vision       No sleep status     1,273         1692          0           213
                          Sleep
                                                Out-of-bed      0           102           1           25,753

                                           State unavailable      5           844           0           955


                   The analysis of pertinent data held by Oxehealth and used for the validation
                       of the algorithm was performed under the following protocols.
                   The outputs of the Oxevision Sleep Device were evaluated against the
                      reference standard for sleep states obtained from triple-scored PSG data to
                      obtain sleep state statistics; and against the reviewer-annotated bed
                    occupancy states to obtain bed state statistics.


                           1 The sleep state reference was constructed using epoch-by-epoch majority vote (see
                      example in Appendix D - PSG reference standard for sleep state). Per protocol for data
                          analysis in SLP.REG.241: Validation of the Oxevision Sleep device: Protocol for
                                clinical data analysis, epochs for which no majority label was available, which occurred
                      as sleep physiologists may label epochs as artefact under AASM guidelines, are
                        excluded from the analysis. The number of epochs excluded for this reason will be
                           reported.
                           2 This table entry has been amended due to a code print error in the previous version
                            of this document. The previous version read 844 instances. Primary and secondary
                      outcomes had been computed on the correct data, so no amendments were needed.

Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      7/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device

                      Table 4: Performance of Oxevision Sleep device algorithms in the validation
                    sample A data. An asterisk (*) denotes secondary outcome measures.

                                 Clinical-related evaluation of Oxevision Sleep Device outputs

                        Bed State outputs            Sleep State outputs

                       *Bed State     Accuracy     *Sleep         Overall         Positive       Negative
                            Unavailable                   State         Agreement    Agreement    Agreement
                                                           Unavailable

                          2.3%        99%         2.8%        90%        94%        80%


                      Table 5 presents per epoch agreement statistics between the outputs of the
                      Oxevision Sleep Device and the reference standards for bed occupancy state
                   and sleep state.
                      Table 5: Performance of Oxevision Sleep Device algorithms in validation data
                        collected from the 60 participants.

                             Clinical-related evaluation of Oxevision Sleep Device outputs

                     Bed State outputs    Sleep State outputs

                         Accuracy              Overall            Positive          Negative
                                         Agreement      Agreement      Agreement


                       >95%               >82%            >88%            >55%


                   The results show overall agreement (>82%), positive agreement (>88%) and
                      negative agreement (>55%) between Oxevision Sleep Device outputs and the
                      gold-standard PSG reference. A bed state accuracy of >95% against reviewer
                      annotations was also reported.
                     Two-sided 95% confidence intervals for the mean of each performance
                            statistic were obtained using a bootstrap resampling approach.


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      8/9

510(k) Summary                                          Oxevision Sleep Device

                      Table 6: Two-sided 95% confidence intervals for the mean of each outcome
                   measure over the 60 study sessions in the evaluation data (including
                        validation samples A and B). Two-sided 95% confidence intervals were
                     obtained based on the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles of the bootstrap
                         distribution of resamples (10,000 resamples).

                   95% Confidence intervals for primary outcome measures

                    Bed State         Sleep State outputs
                        outputs
                         Accuracy            Overall              Positive            Negative
                                         Agreement        Agreement         Agreement

                          (99.0%; 99.7%)     (89.0%; 91.8%)     (92.3%; 95.6%)      (74.3%; 83.5%)


                        This testing demonstrated device performance was superior to that
                    produced for the predicate device [K111514] in their pre-market submission.
                            All performance endpoints have therefore been met, which substantiate the
                      claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.
Conclusions          Based on the comparison to the predicate device and performance
                         characteristics, the Oxevision Sleep Device is substantially equivalent to the
                        currently U.S. legally marketed device Fatigue Science, SBV2TM System
                     (K111514) and presents no new concerns about safety or effectiveness.


Oxehealth Ltd.                               4 Mar 2024                                      9/9