MRIMath LLC                                                  August 8, 2024
℅ Paul Dryden
Consultant
ProMedic Consulting LLC
131 Bay Point Dr NE
Saint Petersburg, Florida 33704


Re: K233822
    Trade/Device Name: i2Contour
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: July 9, 2024
    Received: July 10, 2024

Dear Paul Dryden:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233822 - Paul Dryden                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Ningzhi Li -S
                                                  for
                                            Daniel Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

K233822 - Paul Dryden                                                               Page  3


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
~~~~~
  Submission Number (if known)I
  I K233822
  Device Name
  I i2Contour

  Indications for Use (Describe)
  MRI Math i2contour is intended for the semi-automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric
   quantification of WHO grade 4 glioblastoma (GBM) from a set of standard MRI images of male or
  female patients 18 years of age or older who are known to have pathologically proven glioblastoma.
   Volumetric measurements may be compared to past measurements if available. MRIMath i2contour
    is not to be used for primary diagnosis and is not intended to be the sole diagnostic metric.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
             IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                           ''.An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K233822
                                     510(k) Summary
                                   Page 1 of 5

                                      7-Aug-24
MRIMath LLC
3473 Birchwood Lane
Birmingham, AL 35243
Phone: 773-484-8461

Sponsor Contact:                    Hayat Rahal - RA

Submission Contact:                  Paul Dryden
                                   ProMedic, LLC
                                 131 Bay Point Dr NE
                                             St. Petersburg, FL 33704

Subject Device
Name of Device: i2Contour
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Product Code: QIH
Class: II

Predicate Device
Neosoma, Inc. NS-HGlio  - K221738
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Product Code: QIH
Class: II

Device Description
The MRIMath i2Contour is a web-based software platform designed for the contouring and
segmentation of the T1c and FLAIR sequences of the MRIs of patients already diagnosed with GBM.
It combines AI with a user interface (UI) for review, manual contouring, and approval. The software
is intended to be used by trained medical professionals as an aid in the tumor contouring process.
Review by a trained professional is a requirement for completion.

The AI algorithm within MRIMath i2Contour generates an initial tumor contour, which serves as a
starting point for medical professionals to complete the contouring process manually. It is important
to note that the software does not alter the original MRI images and is not intended for tumor
detection or diagnostic purposes. MRIMath i2Contour is specifically designed to generate tumor
volume contours for GBM. It is not intended for use with images of other brain tumor types.

Indications for Use
MRIMath i2contour is intended for the semi-automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric
quantification of WHO grade 4 glioblastoma (GBM) from a set of standard MRI images of male or
female patients 18 years of age or older who are known to have pathologically proven glioblastoma.

Volumetric measurements may be compared to past measurements if available. MRIMath i2contour
is not to be used for primary diagnosis and is not intended to be the sole diagnostic metric.

Comparison to Predicate Device
We have selected the Neosoma – NS-HGlio, K221738 as the predicate. We have compared the
features and performance in the table below.

K233822
                                                            510(k) Summary
                                                       Page 2 of 5

                                           Table 1 - Comparison of Subject vs. Predicate
                                        Subject Device                                       Predicate                         Comparison
                                        i2Contour                             Neosoma, Inc. - NS-HGlio
K#                                                                            K221738
Product Code        QIH                                    QIH
CFR                 21 CFR 892.2050                                21 CFR 892.2050
Classification          Medical image management and processing system      Medical image management and processing system
Indications for Use    MRIMath i2contour is intended for the semi-automatic  NS-HGlio is intended for the semi-automatic           Similar except the subject
                           labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification     labeling, visualization, and volumetric                device is specific for
                         of WHO grade 4 glioblastoma (GBM) from a set of       quantification of high-grade brain glioma (WHO       glioblastoma (GBM)
                         standard MRI images of male or female patients 18      grade 3 astrocytoma, WHO grade 4 astrocytoma and
                         years of age or older who are known to have       WHO grade 4 glioblastoma) from a set of standard
                          pathologically proven glioblastoma.              MRI images of male or female patients 18 years of
                                                                         age or older who are known to have pathologically
                       Volumetric measurements may be compared to past     proven high-grade glioma.
                      measurements if available. MRIMath i2contour is not
                           to be used for primary diagnosis and is not intended to   Volumetric measurements may be compared to past
                      be the sole diagnostic metric.                        measurements if available. NS-HGlio is not to be
                                                                          used for primary diagnosis, and is intended to be
                                                                          used by qualified clinical personnel as an additional
                                                                             source of information and is not intended to be the
                                                                                    sole diagnostic metric.
Patients              Male or female patients 18 years of age or older who    Male or female patients 18 years of age or older who   Similar with the subject device
                          are known to have pathologically proven glioblastoma    are known to have pathologically proven high-grade     is limited to GBM
                                                                         glioma
Type of Scans Used    MRI:                                       MRI:                                                  Different
                      Acquired using two different MRI sequences either in    Acquired using four different MRI sequences either
                 2D or 3D using a specified protocol: T1 post-contrast     in 2D or 3D using a specified protocol: T1, T2, T1
                        (T1c) or FLAIR.                                          post-contrast (T1c) and FLAIR.
Intended Anatomy     Brain                                               Brain                                                Similar
Lesion Review       2D and 3D                               2D and 3D                                           Similar
Segmentation          Semi-automatic and manual segmentation of            Semi-automatic and manual segmentation of high-      Similar
                        glioblastoma                                         grade glioma
Quantification         Volumetric measurements of the combination of the                                                             Different
                       enhancing and necrosis subcomponents of the T1c, and  Volumetric measurement of the edema, necrosis, and
                          the combination of edema, tumor, and necrosis          enhancing sub-components of high-grade glioma
                      subcomponents in the FLAIR images of glioblastoma

K233822
                                                            510(k) Summary
                                                       Page 3 of 5

                                        Subject Device                                       Predicate                         Comparison
                                        i2Contour                             Neosoma, Inc. - NS-HGlio
Output                      - Provides volumetric measurements of glioblastoma      - Provides volumetric measurements of glioblastoma   Different
                      and the tumor + edema + necrosis subcomponents in     and the enhancing, necrosis, and edema subFLAIR and the enhancing + necrosis subcomponents    components
                           in T1c series                                                      - Includes segmentation of sub-components
                               - Includes segmentation of the tumor + edema +            - Automatically compares results to prior scans when
                         necrosis subcomponents in FLAIR and the enhancing     available
                  + necrosis subcomponents in T1c series                      - Provides PDF Report of output data
                               - Automatically compares results to prior scans when
                          available
                               - Provides PDF Report of output data
Image Format      DICOM                              DICOM                                              Similar
Input              FLAIR or T1c Series                                T1, T2, FLAIR and T1c Series                         Different
Registration       NO                                  YES                                                   Different
Skull Stripping     NO                                  YES                                                   Different
Number of AIs       Two                                      One                                                   Different
Report            YES                                  YES                                                 Similar
                                                                     Grade 3 astrocytoma, grade 4 astrocytoma,             DifferentIndications            Grade 4 GBM                                                                           grade 4 GBM
Evaluation of          Using three US board certified neuroradiologists with   Using three US board certified neuroradiologists with   Similar
Accuracy                expertise in measuring GBM                             expertise in measuring high grade gliomas

K233822
                                        510(k) Summary
                                      Page 4 of 5
 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

 AI-powered segmentation of the magnetic resonance images (MRI) of patients diagnosed with
 glioblastoma multiforme is the technological principle for both the subject and predicate devices. At a
 high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological elements:
     •  The input consists of MRI of patients diagnosed with GBM.
     •   AI-powered prediction of the pixels that correspond to the tumor.
     •   Computing a tumor volume.
     •  Review and manual revisions, if needed

 The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate device:
     •  The subject device includes two independent AIs, one for T1c and the other for the FLAIR
          series; the predicate device consists of a single AI.
     •  The subject device processes individual 2D slices. The predicate device requires a 3D set of
        images.
     •  The predicate device is semi-automated as it requires skull stripping and registration. The
         subject device is fully automated as it does need registration nor skull stripping.
     •  The predicate device requires all the four series, T1, T1c, FLAIR and T2 for a single AI. The
         subject device has two independent AIs for T1c and FLAIR; it does not require the T1 and T2
          series.
     •  The subject device Flair AI output is equivalent to the sum of all the sub-components of the
         predicate device.
     •  The subject device T1c AI output is equivalent to the sum the enhancing lesion and necrosis
        subcomponents of the predicate device.

  The Indications for use for the devices are as follows:
      •  Neosoma: grade 3 astrocytoma, grade 4 astrocytoma, and grade 4 GBM
      •  MRIMath: grade 4 GBM.

Performance Data
Like the predicate, the MRIMath i2Contour evaluated the accuracy of the subject device in the same
manner.

The predicate evaluated using 33 subjects and 132 MRIs used for the evaluation of the machine learning
model performance of males than females within the age range of 18 to 79. Three US board certified
neuroradiologists with expertise in measuring high grade gliomas were used. The device achieved a mean
DSC of 0.88 with 95% CI of 0.86-0.90 on preoperative imaging and 0.80 with 95% CI of 0.77-0.83 on
postoperative imaging which is higher than the mean DSC of the average of the three experts for the same
task, which was 0.84 on preoperative imaging and 0.74 for postoperative imaging respectively.

To evaluate the accuracy of the MRIMath i2Contour FLAIR and T1c AI contours, we compare their outputs
with the manual segmentations by three board certified neuro-radiologists of 46 pre- and post-operative
MRIs of patients diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme. The manual contours were performed using the
MRIMath smart manual contouring platform. The test MRIs were obtained at 19 centers in the United
States located at 13 community hospitals and clinics, 4 imaging centers, and two university hospitals and
clinics. The details are as follows: University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital and Clinics,
Birmingham, AL (n=25), MD Anderson Cancer Center, Houston, TX (n = 1), St Vincent Hospital,
Birmingham, AL (n =2), Southwest Diagnostic Imaging Center, Dallas, TX (n = 1), Thomas Medical
Center, Fairhope, AL (n=1), Carmichael Imaging Center, Montgomery, Alabama (n=1), East Alabama
Medical Center, Opelika, AL (n=1), St Dominic, Jackson, MS (n=1), Mobile Infirmary, Mobile, AL (n=1),
North Mississippi Medical Center Tupelo, MS (n=1), Sacred Heart Airport Medical Center, Pensacola, FL

K233822
                                        510(k) Summary
                                      Page 5 of 5
(n=1), SHHP (n=2), LX DCH, Tuscaloosa, AL (n=1), Leeds Imaging Center, Leeds, AL (n=1), Black
Warrior Medical Center, Tuscaloosa, AL (n=1), American Health Imaging, Birmingham, AL (n=1), Main
(n=1), Floyd Medical Center, Rome, GA (n=1), Trinity Medical Center, Birmingham, AL (n=1), Jackson
Hospital, Jackson, MS (n=1).

We evaluate the AI models developed by MRIMath for GBM T1c and fluid attenuation inversion recovery
(FLAIR) images, by comparing their contours to three neuro-radiologists, who used the MRIMath smart
manual contouring platform. We test the hypothesis that the proportion of overall AI DICE score (DSC)
measurements that exceed the designated threshold of p0=0.88 is different from 50%. The designated
threshold is the best mean DSC achieved by the predicate device. The two-sided, one-sample Z-test shows
that:

     •  For the FLAIR AI, the DSC proportions exceed p0, 85% of the time, with a confidence
          interval (CI) of (72%, 92%) and p-value of <0.001, implying that our proportion is significantly
          different than 50%.
      •  For T1C, the DSC proportions exceed p0, 93% of the time, with a CI of (82%, 98%) and p-value of
        <0.001 of the time, implying that our proportion is significantly different than 50%.

The mean overall DICE scores for the post-contrast T1 (T1c) AI were 0.95 with a 95% confidence interval
(C.I) of (93%, 96%), closely matching the radiologists' scores. For true positive T1c images, AI
segmentation scored a mean DSC of 83%, versus radiologists' ranging from 76% to 86%. Sensitivity and
specificity for T1c AI were 92.7% and 97.2%, respectively. The FLAIR AI mean DSC was 92% with a
95% CI interval of (90%, 94%), also matching the radiologists scores. The AI also achieved a mean DICE
score of 80% for true positive FLAIR slices, against the radiologists' 75%-83%, and exhibited a median
sensitivity and specificity of 93.4% and 98.6%, respectively. The T1C and FLAIR AI models also
produced mean Hausdorff distances (< 5 mm), volume measurements, kappa scores, and Bland-Altman
differences that align closely with measurements by radiologists. Finally, the inter-user variability between
radiologists was < 5% and < 10% for the T1c and FLAIR images, respectively. These results highlight the
low inter-user variability of the MRIMath smart manual contouring platform and the high accuracy of its
T1c and FLAIR AI models.

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
Based on the information submitted in this application, and based on the indications for use, technological
characteristics, and performance testing, i2Contour raises no new questions of safety or effectiveness and is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety, efficacy, and performance.