April 11, 2024

GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
℅ Laura Turner
Regulatory Affairs Manager, Premium CT
7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome
HINO-SHI, TOKYO 191-8503
JAPAN

Re: K233698
    Trade/Device Name: True Enhance DL
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: November 17, 2023
    Received: November 17, 2023

Dear Laura Turner:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233698 - Laura Turner                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233698

Device Name
True Enhance DL


Indications for Use (Describe)
True Enhance DL is a deep learning-based image processing method trained to estimate monochromatic, 50 keV GSI
images. The algorithm is intended to improve the contrast of 120 kVp, single energy images of the body.

This device is intended to provide non-quantitative, adjunct information and should not be interpreted without the original
120 kVp image.

True Enhance DL may be used for patients of all ages.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K233698

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
True Enhance DL

               510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.92:


Date:                         April 10, 2024

Submitter:             GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
                           7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome
                             Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan

Primary Contact:          Laura Turner
                          Regulatory Affairs Manager
                        Phone: 1-262-200-1044
                            Email: laura.turner@ge.com


Secondary Contacts:       John Jaeckle
                            Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer and Strategist
                        Phone: 1-262-424-9547
                            Email: john.jaeckle@med.ge.com

                          Veronica Aguayo
                          Regulatory Affairs Leader
                        Phone: 1-414-217-4331
                            Email: Veronica.Aguayo@ge.com

Subject Device Name:      True Enhance DL

Device Classification        Class II

Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
Product Code:


Predicate Device Information

Device Name:             Revolution Ascend

Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

510(k) Number:          K213938 cleared on February 4, 2022

Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
Product Code:

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
True Enhance DL


Device Description

True Enhance DL is a deep learning-based image processing method intended for contrast enhanced
images of the body obtained using the Revolution Ascend Family (K213938), which consists of multiple
commercial configurations: Revolution Ascend Elite, Revolution Ascend Plus, and Revolution Ascend
Select. True Enhance DL is intended to post-process single energy, 120 kVp images to output nonquantitative, adjunctive information with better contrast than single energy input data.

True Enhance DL brings four deep leaning models that the user can choose depending on different
contrast enhancement phases. These four models are CT Angiography, Arterial, Portal/Venous, and
Delayed True Enhance DL.

True Enhance DL is not intended to replace hardware based Monochromatic Imaging by Gemstone
Spectral Imaging (GSI) technology or replicate GSI dual energy acquisitions. The device was trained to
estimate monochromatic, 50 keV GSI images, and only enhances images from 120 kVp acquisitions on
non-GSI Revolution Ascend systems.

Intended Use

True Enhance DL is a deep learning-based image processing method intended for contrast enhancement
of single energy images.

Indications for Use

True Enhance DL is a deep learning-based image processing method trained to estimate monochromatic,
50 keV GSI images. The algorithm is intended to improve the contrast of 120 kVp, single energy images
of the body.

This device is intended to provide non-quantitative, adjunct information and should not be interpreted
without the original 120 kVp image.

True Enhance DL may be used for patients of all ages.

Technological Characteristics
Since the True Enhance DL option is deployed within Revolution Ascend acquisition and processing
software, it utilizes the same hardware and software platform to reconstruct images that achieve
contrast enhancement from single kVp images. Use of True Enhance DL does not require that the
acquisition parameters used for the 120 kVp input images to be altered. The table below summarizes
the substantive feature / technological differences between the predicate device and the proposed
device:

 Specification                    Predicate Device               Proposed Device

                                Revolution Ascend              True Enhance DL

                               (K213938)                   on Revolution Ascend

 Patient Population                Patients of all ages            Same

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
True Enhance DL


 Specification                    Predicate Device               Proposed Device

                                Revolution Ascend              True Enhance DL

                               (K213938)                   on Revolution Ascend

 Clinical Workflow              The Revolution Ascend User     Same
                                    Interface allows for
                                   modifications of image
                                  reconstruction settings (FBP,
                                   ASiR-V, and other parameters)
                              based on users desired image
                                    display and workflow set up.

 Supported kVps                  80, 100, 120, 140              120

 Supported Recon Kernels             - Standard                                 - Standard

                                                - Soft                                       - Soft

                                                - Detail                                     - Detail

                                                - Bone, Bone plus

                                                - Chest

                                                - Lung

                                                - Ultra

                                                - Edge, Edge plus

 Image Reconstruction                -   Filtered back Projection         -   Filtered back Projection
                                            -   ASiR-V                              -   ASiR-V
                                            -  Deep Learning Image
                                      Reconstruction, DLIR
                                   (K230807)


The different technological characteristics do not raise different or new question of safety and
effectiveness, and that the device is as safe and effective the legally marketed predicate.


Determination of Substantial Equivalence

True Enhance DL has successfully completed the design control testing per GE’s quality system. No
additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. True Enhance DL was
designed under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GEHC believes that the
successfully completed design verification & validation, as well as the extensive bench and clinical testing
is sufficient to demonstrate the device’s substantial equivalence to the predicate.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
True Enhance DL


       •  Requirement Definition
       •   Risk Analysis and Control
       •   Technical Design Reviews
       •  Formal Design Reviews
       •  Software Development Lifecycle
           o  Code Review
           o  Software Unit Implementation
           o  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
       •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
       •  Software Release

GE believes True Enhance DL on Revolution Ascend is of comparable type and substantially equivalent to
our currently marketed system Revolution Ascend (K213938). The testing and results did not raise
different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with predicate device.

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

The verification and validation testing have been successfully completed as required by design control
procedures under GE Healthcare’s quality system. This includes risk management, software verification
and validation testing as well as image quality performance evaluation using well established metrics
and methods. IQ evaluation include:
    •   General IQ Performance testing of metrics identified in IEC 61223-3-5 Ed. 2 to study the overall
       performance in a standardized and referenceable manner.
    •   IQ performance test comparison using standard IQ, QA, and anthropomorphic phantoms for
        representative conditions to characterize image quality of True Enhance DL on Revolution Ascend,
      and predicate Revolution Ascend
All the testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness than
associated with predicate device.


Clinical Testing

The clinical testing was carried out in the form of a reader study of sample clinical data. The reader study
used retrospectively collected representative clinical cases, including cases with disease/pathology, that
were processed using True Enhance DL software. The images generated from the subject device were
read by four board certified radiologists. The four radiologists each provided a comparative assessment
of image quality related to diagnostic use. Additionally, the readers were asked to rate the contrast
enhancement in the True Enhance DL series vs the native image series.

Additional representative clinical cases and anthropomorphic phantom cases from a GSI system
generating both single energy 120 kVp and 50 keV monochromatic images were evaluated for CT

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
True Enhance DL


number in various anatomical regions to study image characteristics for different materials of the device
output compared to 50 keV and 120 kVp reference images.

The result of this reader study and head-to-head material comparison validated that True Enhance DL
software provides additional benefit by improving contrast in the True Enhance output when compared
to the original 120 kVp single energy images.

Substantial Equivalence

The changes associated with True Enhance DL do not create a new Intended Use and represent
technological characteristics that produce images that have demonstrated adequate image quality and
contrast improvement relative to the 120 kVp input.

GE’s quality system’s design verification, and risk management processes did not identify any new
questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the
changes to the predicate.

Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful system and software
verification and validation testing, the additional engineering bench testing, and the clinical testing
demonstrates that True Enhance DL is substantially equivalent to and as safe and as effective for its
Intended Use, as the legally marketed predicate device.