Avicenna.AI
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
                                                       March 15, 2024555 13th St. NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

Re: K233342
    Trade/Device Name: CINA-ASPECTS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: February 15, 2024
    Received: February 15, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233342 - John Smith                                                                Page  2

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)
   K233342
Device Name

    CINA-ASPECTS
Indications for Use (Describe)

CINA-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician in the assessment and
characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

The Software automatically reorients images, segments and analyzes ASPECTS Regions of lnterest (ROIs). CINAASPECTS extracts image data for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and computer analytics based on morphological
characteristics. The imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT
(Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.

CINA-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup with known MCA or ICA
occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions affected which
is reflected in the total score. This device provides information that may be useful in the characterization of early ischemic
(acute) brain tissue injury during image interpretation.

CINA-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist assessment using the
ASPECTS region definitions and highlighting ROIs and numerical scoring.

Limitations:

       1. CINA-ASPECT is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images. It is used to assist physician evaluation.
       2. CINA-ASPECT has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA unilateral occlusion prior to ASPECTS
      scoring.
       3. CINA-ASPECTS is not suitable for use on brain scans displaying neurological pathologies other than acute stroke,
     such as tumors or abscesses, traumatic brain injuries, hemorrhagic transformation and hematoma.
       4. Use of CINA-ASPECT in clinical settings other than brain ischemia within 12 hours from time last known well,
     caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions has not been tested.
       5. CINA-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations aged over 21.
       6. CINA-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used with images acquired with Canon Medical Systems
      Corporation, GE Healthcare, Philips Healthcare and Siemens Healthineers scanners.

Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:

     ▪   Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
     ▪   Important streak artifacts and noisy images: Presence of important streak artifact and significant noise within the
     NCCT images that make the scan technically inadequate.
     ▪   Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               ☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)      ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review
             instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of
            information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions
              for reducing this burden, to:
                                            Department of Health and Human Services
                                        Food and Drug Administration
                                                    Office of Chief Information Officer
                                           Paperwork  Reduction  Act  (PRA)   Staff
                                            PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                     information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                             Page 1 of 1                                  PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K233342

                                    510(k) SUMMARY

                         AVICENNA.AI’s CINA-ASPECTS


Submitter

        Applicant:
            AVICENNA.AI
               ZI Athelia, 297 Av. du Mistral Bât. A,
            13600 La Ciotat France

       Contact Person:
             Stephane Berger
              Regulatory Manager
             Phone: +33 6 12 12 28 13
               E-mail: stephane.berger@avicenna.ai

      Date prepared: February 15, 2024


Device Identification

        Name of Device:       CINA-ASPECTS
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for
                                       lesions suspicious of cancer
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2060
          Product Code:        POK
           Regulatory Class:        Class II
            Classification Panel:      Radiology devices


Predicate Device

The CINA-ASPECTS device is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device with regard
to indications for use, performance, and technological characteristics:

            510(k):               K200760
          Trade Name:            Rapid ASPECTS
           Manufacturer:          ISchemaView Inc.
            Classification Name:      Radiological  computer-assisted  diagnostic  software  for
                                       lesions suspicious of cancer
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2060
          Product Code:        POK
           Regulatory Class:        Class II


                                                                                     363

Device Description

CINA-ASPECTS is a standalone computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software that processes noncontrast head CT (NCCT).

CINA-ASPECTS is a standalone executable program that may be run directly from the commandline or through integration, deployment and use with medical image communications devices. The
software does not interface directly with any CT scanner or data collection equipment; instead, the
software  receives  non-contrast  head CT  (NCCT)  scans  identified  by  medical  image
communications devices, processes them using algorithmic methods involving execution of
multiple computational steps to provide an automatic ASPECT score based on the case input file
for the physician.

The score includes which ASPECT regions are identified based on regional imaging features
derived from non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) brain image data and overlaid onto brain
scan images. The results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score
(ASPECTS) guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the discretion of
the clinician, the scores may be adjusted based on the clinician’s judgment.

Series are processed by running the CINA-ASPECTS Image Processing Applications on noncontrast head CT images (NCCT) to perform the:

        Reorientation, tilt-correction of the input imaging data;
        Delineation of predefined regions of interest on the corrected input data and computing
       numerical values characterizing underlying voxel values within those regions;
        Visualizing the voxels which have contributed to the ASPECTS score (also referred to as a
        ‘heat map’); and
       Labeling of these delineated regions and providing a summary score reflecting the number
        of regions with early ischemic change as per ASPECTS guidelines.

The CINA-ASPECTS User Interface Agent provides the ASPECTS information to the clinician to
review and edit. It also requires the confirmation by a clinician that a Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO)
is detected. This confirmation is used by the CINA-ASPECTS to limit the detection of areas of early
ischemic changes to the infarcted brain hemisphere selected by the user. The final summary score
together with the regions selected and underlying voxel values are then stored in DICOM format to
be transferred by the medical image communications device for output to a Picture Archiving and
Communication System (PACS) or workstation.

The CINA-ASPECTS device is made of two components:

     -  The CINA-ASPECTS image processing application which reads the input file and generates
      an automatic ASPECT score and the applications outputs
     -  A CINA-ASPECTS UI Agent which provides the ASPECTS information to the clinician to
       review and edit for final archiving.


Intended Use / Indications for Use

CINA-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician
in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

The Software automatically reorients images, segments and analyzes ASPECTS Regions of
lnterest (ROIs). CINA-ASPECTS extracts image data for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and


                                                                                     364

computer analytics based on morphological characteristics. The imaging features are then
synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke Program
Early CT) Score.

CINA-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup
with known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to
the number of ASPECTS regions affected which is reflected in the total score. This device provides
information that may be useful in the characterization of early ischemic (acute) brain tissue injury
during image interpretation.

CINA-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist
assessment using the ASPECTS region definitions and highlighting ROIs and numerical scoring.

Limitations:

1. CINA-ASPECT is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images.  It is used to assist
physician evaluation.
2. CINA-ASPECT has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA unilateral occlusion prior
to ASPECTS scoring.
3. CINA-ASPECTS is not suitable for use on brain scans displaying neurological pathologies other
than  acute  stroke, such as tumors  or abscesses,  traumatic  brain  injuries,  hemorrhagic
transformation and hematoma.
4. Use of CINA-ASPECT in clinical settings other than brain ischemia within 12 hours from time
last known well, caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions has not been tested.
5. CINA-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations aged
over 21.
6. CINA-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used with images acquired with Canon
Medical Systems Corporation, GE Healthcare, Philips Healthcare and Siemens Healthineers
scanners.


Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:

        Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
       inadequate.
       Important streak artifacts and noisy images: Presence of important streak artifact and
        significant noise within the NCCT images that make the scan technically inadequate.
       Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.


Summary of Performance Data

The  following performance data were provided  in support  of the  substantial equivalence
determination.

       Software Verification and Validation Testing

CINA-ASPECTS complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) –
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.

Avicenna.AI conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the CINA-ASPECTS device as standalone software. CINA-ASPECTS is tested
against  its user needs and intended use by the successful execution of planned software


                                                                                     365

verification and validation testing included in this submission.

Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the CINA-ASPECTS
met all design requirements and specifications associated with the intended use of the software.


       Standalone Performance Testing
Standalone performance testing was conducted to comply with special controls for this device type.

Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational, multi-vendor and blinded Pivotal
Standalone Testing Performance study of CINA-ASPECTS v1.5 software used to assist the
clinicians in the assessment and characterization of brain tissues’ abnormalities using CT image
data.

The Standalone Performance Testing demonstrated that the proposed device provides accurate
representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters.

The Standalone Performance Testing dataset included 200 clinical anonymized NCCT cases
from 5 clinical sites, distributed in two countries: US and France. It was acquired by 4 different
scanner makers (GE, Siemens, Canon and Philips) and 27 different scanner models. The validation
dataset was separated from the one used for the algorithm training/testing and has never been
used in any way in the development of the software device.

The Standalone Performance Testing study demonstrated that CINA-ASPECTS achieved  its
primary endpoint and established that CINA-ASPECTS performances generalize to a range of
typical patient demographics, Clinical parameters, ASPECTS regions, and image acquisition
parameters encountered in multiple clinical sites and scanner makers and models.

The performance testing of the CINA-ASPECTS device establishes that the subject device is safe
and effective, meets its intended use statement and is compatible with clinical use. The CINAASPECTS device performed properly and matched with the ground truth. Finally, the important
heterogeneity of the dataset used for the device Pivotal Standalone Performance Testing and the
good provided global and stratified performance results should guarantee enough robustness for
generalization of its use for the intended population, ensuring the device reliability.


        Clinical studies

Additionally, Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational, multi-vendor and
blinded Clinical Multi-Reader Multi-Case (MRMC) Performance study of CINA-ASPECTS v1.5
software used to assist the clinicians in the assessment and characterization of brain tissues’
abnormalities using CT image data.


The MRMC study evaluated the performance of 8 clinical readers in the assessment of ASPECTS
for NCCT retrospective scans with and without the aid of CINA-ASPECTS. The 8 readers scored
each of the 10 ASPECTS regions of the 200 cases independently. The panel of readers consisted
of 4 expert neuroradiologists and 4 non-experts from different specialties (stroke neurologist,
general  radiologist,  neurointensivist,  vascular  neurologist),  representing  the  intended use
population.


                                                                                     366

With CINA-ASPECTS the readers agreed, on average, with almost ½ a region (4.1%, [95% CI:
3.3% - 4.9%]) more per scan than without CINA-ASPECTS. These findings are similar to the results
reported for the predicate device.

In addition, the overall readers’ ROC AUC also improved significantly from 0.75 (Unaided arm) to
0.79 (Aided arm). The range in the ROC AUC between users was also narrower when assisted by
the software, indicating a reduction in the variation of performance between different readers when
the device’s outputs were available.

Finally, the mean time spent per case among all readers was significantly reduced when using
CINA-ASPECTS, indicating that the end-users’ were not only more accurate in the assessment of
ASPECTS but also faster when the device outputs were available.

As the study used retrospective data, there were no specific safety endpoints in the reader study.

This study demonstrates substantial equivalence of the CINA-ASPECTS software for improving
reader accuracy, compared to the predicate device. The results showed statistically significant
improvement in the readers’ accuracy when using the software compared to the conventional
manual method used in routine clinical practice.


Substantial Equivalence

Both proposed and predicate devices have the same intended use. Both devices are computeraided diagnosis (CADx) software devices used to assist clinicians  in the assessment and
characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

Both devices segment and identify ASPECTS regions and use machine learning algorithms to
analyze image data to facilitate the evaluation of extent of disease and to identify and count the
affected ASPECTS regions to generate an ASPECTS score. Both devices display and highlight the
affected ASPECTS regions along with the automatically generated ASPECTS score.

Both devices are not intended for primary interpretation of CT images and both require that cases
processed meet prerequisite criteria such that a primary diagnosis of ICA or MCA occlusion has
already been made by clinicians prior to accessing the processing results and the resulting
ASPECTS score.

Both devices include a gating condition requiring users to confirm that the case in question is for a
confirmed ICA or MCA occlusion before processing results are made available.

Both devices include pre-processing steps to normalize NCCT scan orientation in order to identify
and segment ASPECTS regions on the subject NCCT scan.

In both cases, the algorithms identify signs indicative of ischemic damage and relate these to the
segmented ASPECTS regions in order to determine whether or not individual ASPECTS regions
are included as contributing to a reduced ASPECT score. In both cases, the segmented ASPECTS
regions are labelled and presented to users in the software User Interface with the regions
highlighted depending on whether they have been determined to affect the ASPECT score or not.
In both cases, users can manually edit and override the automated result for one or more ASPECTS
regions by selecting the regions.


                                                                                     367

Both predicate and proposed devices use trained machine learning AI algorithms to analyze NCCT
scans to identify signs indicative of ischemic damage.

The following principal difference exists between CINA-ASPECTS and the predicate device:
     -  CINA-ASPECTS is indicated for cases within 12 hours from time last known well.
     -  CINA-ASPECTS uses machine learning algorithms based on deep learning techniques.
     -  CINA-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations
      aged over 21.
     -  CINA-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on Canon Medical Systems
       Corporation, GE Healthcare, Philips Healthcare and Siemens Healthineers scanners
      whereas Rapid ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on GE Lightspeed
     VCT Scanners.


Table 1 compares the key features of the subject and the predicate devices.

    Table 1: Comparison of key features between CINA-ASPECTS and predicate device
                       (ISchemaView Inc. Rapid ASPECTS)

 Key Feature    Subject   device:  CINA-ASPECTS  Predicate device: ISchemaView Inc.
                Software                         Rapid ASPECTS Software (K200760)

 Intended Use /  CINA-ASPECTS is a computer-aided  Rapid ASPECTS is a computer aided
 Indications  for  diagnosis (CADx) software device used  diagnosis (CADx) software device used
 Use              to assist the clinician in the assessment   to assist the clinician in the assessment
               and  characterization  of  brain  tissue  and  characterization  of  brain  tissue
                  abnormalities using CT image data.      abnormalities using CT image data.

               The Software automatically reorients  The Software automatically registers
                 images,  segments  and   analyzes                                                  images and segments and analyzes
             ASPECTS Regions of lnterest (ROIs).                                        ASPECTS Regions of Interest (ROIs).
              CINA-ASPECTS extracts image data                                                   Rapid ASPECTS extracts image data
                      for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and                                                                    for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and
                computer    analytics   based   on
                                                   computer    analytics   based   on
                  morphological   characteristics.  The
                                                        morphological   characteristics.  The
                 imaging features are then synthesized
                                                     imaging features are then synthesized
                by an  artificial intelligence algorithm
                                                   by an  artificial intelligence algorithm                     into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke
                                                                  into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke               Program Early CT) Score.
                                                 Program Early CT) Score.
              CINA-ASPECTS    is   indicated   for
                                                   Rapid  ASPECTS   is  indicated   for                  evaluation of patients presenting  for
                   diagnostic imaging workup with known  evaluation of patients presenting  for
           MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of  diagnostic   imaging   workup,    or
                   extent of disease. Extent of disease  evaluation of extent of disease. Extent
                    refers  to  the number  of ASPECTS   of disease  refers  to the number  of
                  regions affected which is reflected in  ASPECTS regions affected which  is
                  the total score. This device provides   reflected in the total score. This device
                   information that may be useful in the  provides information that may be useful
                   characterization   of  early  ischemic   in the characterization of early ischemic
                                                            brain   tissue   injury  during  image


                                                                                     368

Key Feature    Subject   device:  CINA-ASPECTS  Predicate device: ISchemaView Inc.
               Software                         Rapid ASPECTS Software (K200760)

                  (acute) brain tissue injury during image   interpretation.
                   interpretation.
                                                  Rapid   ASPECTS    provides   a
             CINA-ASPECTS      provides     a  comparative analysis to the ASPECTS
                comparative analysis to the ASPECTS  standard     of    care     radiologist
                standard     of    care     radiologist  assessment using the ASPECTS atlas
               assessment  using  the  ASPECTS   definitions and atlas display including
                 region definitions and highlighting ROIs                                                           highlighted  ROIs  and   numerical
              and numerical scoring                                                            scoring.

                                                              Limitations:

                   Limitations:                                                               1. Rapid ASPECTS is not intended for
                                                       primary interpretation of CT images. It
                   1. CINA-ASPECT is not intended for
                                                                       is used to assist physician evaluation.                primary interpretation of CT images. It
                     is used to assist physician evaluation.
                   2. CINA-ASPECT has been validated in   2. Rapid ASPECTS has been validated
                  patients  with known MCA  or ICA   in patients with known MCA or ICA
                   unilateral occlusion prior to ASPECTS  occlusion prior to ASPECT scoring.
                  scoring.
                   3. CINA-ASPECTS is not suitable for                                                          3. Use of the Rapid ASPECTS Module
              use  on   brain  scans   displaying
                                                                  in clinical settings other than early brain                  neurological  pathologies  other  than
                                                     ischemia (within 6 hours) caused by                acute  stroke,  such  as  tumors  or
                abscesses,  traumatic  brain  injuries,  known ICA or MCA occlusions has not
                hemorrhagic    transformation   and  been tested.
              hematoma.
                   4. Use  of CINA-ASPECT  in  clinical   4. Rapid ASPECTS has been validated
                  settings  other  than  brain  ischemia                                               and  is intended to be used on GE
                  within 12 hours from time last known                                                     Lightspeed VCT Scanners.
                    well, caused by known ICA or MCA
                 occlusions has not been tested.
                   5. CINA-ASPECTS  has  only been
                  validated and is intended to be used in
                  patient populations aged over 21.        Contraindications/Exclusions/Caution:
                   6. CINA-ASPECTS has been validated   •  Patient  Motion:  excessive  motion
              and is intended to be used with images  leading to artifacts that make the scan
                acquired with Canon Medical Systems   technically inadequate.
                 Corporation, GE  Healthcare,  Philips
                Healthcare and Siemens Healthineers                                                                          •    Hemorrhagic    Transformation,
                scanners.                                           Hematoma

                                                                          • Very thin or no Ventricles                 Contraindications/Exclusions/Caution:

                         Patient   motion:   Excessive
                          patient  motion   leading   to
                             artifacts  that make the scan
                           technically inadequate.
                        Important streak artifacts and
                        noisy  images:  Presence  of
                        important  streak  artifact and


                                                                                    369

Key Feature    Subject   device:  CINA-ASPECTS  Predicate device: ISchemaView Inc.
               Software                         Rapid ASPECTS Software (K200760)

                            significant  noise  within  the
                NCCT images that make the
                     scan technically inadequate.
                      Hemorrhagic  Transformation,
                    Hematoma.


Environment of   Clinical/Hospital environment             Clinical/Hospital environment
use

Primary Users    Neuroradiologist/Clinician                Neuroradiologist/Clinician

Anatomical      Stroke/Head                         Stroke/Head
region       of
interest

Standard    of  ASPECTS Scoring               ASPECTS Scoring
Care

Representatio
n

Data            Non-contrast head CT scans            Non-contrast head CT scans
acquisition
protocol

Technical       AI/Deep Learning                   ML/AI/Random Forest

Implementatio
n

Segmentation   No; device does not mark, highlight, or  No; device does not mark, highlight, or
of   region   of   direct  users’  attention  to a  specific   direct  users’  attention  to a  specific
interest           location in the original image             location in the original image

Image Overlay  ASPECTS  regions,  highlighted  by  ASPECTS  regions,  highlighted  by
                  algorithms.                              algorithms.

Gating         Users  must  confirm  ICA  or MCA  Users  must  confirm LVO  prior  to
Conditions       occlusion  prior  to  accessing CINA-  accessing Rapid ASPECTS results
            ASPECTS results

Alteration    of  No                          No
original  image
data base


                                                                                    370

Key Feature    Subject   device:  CINA-ASPECTS  Predicate device: ISchemaView Inc.
                Software                         Rapid ASPECTS Software (K200760)

 Alters             In parallel to                               In parallel to
 Standard    of
 Care Workflow


Conclusion


In conclusion, the predicate device has the same intended use and substantially similar indications
for use and technological characteristics as CINA-ASPECTS. Performance data demonstrates that
CINA-ASPECTS performs as intended within the same clinically relevant parameters for the
intended use as the predicate device. The clinical data demonstrates that CINA-ASPECTS shows
a significant improvement in the agreement between the readers and a reference standard when
using the CINA-ASPECTS software compared to routine clinical practice. CINA-ASPECTS is
intended to improve reader performance in estimating an overall ASPECTS score. However, some
imaging and anatomical factors, such as important streak and motion artifacts, beam-hardening
artifacts, noisy images, presence of tumors, etc., may impede the NCCT interpretation by the
device. Therefore, a particular attention must be paid to these confounding factors. The risk/benefit
profile of CINA-ASPECTS remains favorable based on the favorable impact on readers’ overall
aided performance in calculating an ASPECT score (as measured in the reader study), and the
inherent inter-reader variability in identifying individual affected ASPECTS regions.

The company believes that CINA-ASPECTS is substantially equivalent to the Rapid ASPECTS
predicate.


                                                                                     371