December 5, 2024

AIQ Global, Inc.
℅ Kelliann Payne
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street
Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K233998
    Trade/Device Name: TRAQinform IQ
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ

Dear Kelliann Payne:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change
related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated September 5, 2024.
Specifically, FDA is updating this SE Letter to address a typo in the IFU form as an administrative
correction.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
Daniel Krainak, OHT8: Office of Radiological Health, 301-796-0478, daniel.krainak@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

September 5, 2024

AIQ Global, Inc.
℅ Kelliann Payne
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street
Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K233998
    Trade/Device Name: TRAQinform IQ
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: December 18, 2023
    Received: December 18, 2023

Dear Kelliann Payne:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K233998 - Kelliann Payne                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K233998 - Kelliann Payne                                                             Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233998

Device Name

TRAQinform IQ

Indications for Use (Describe)
TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that provides a quantitative TRAQinform Report on lesions identified as
Regions of Interest (ROI) in PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data acquired, interpreted, and reported on per local
practice prior to device use.

Clinicians responsible for patient care and for ordering TRAQinform Reports as an adjunct to locally reported image
interpretation do not interact directly with the device. Clinicians responsible for local image interpretation do not interact
with the device and generate their reporting before and independently of the TRAQinform Report.

The TRAQinform Report is generated by the device manufacturer and signed by a U.S. board certified physician
responsible for supervising central report generation and qualified to practice nuclear radiology/medicine. The
TRAQinform Report is for use by trained medical professionals including but not limited to oncologists, nuclear
radiologists/physicians, medical imaging technologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

TRAQinform IQ software contains the following functionalities:
   • Automated matching of ROI between previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical images.
   • In order to perform automated matching of ROI and quantitative analysis of previously performed CT and PET/CT
   DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical images, the software initially performs the following functions:
       ▪ Machine learning skeletal and anatomic structure segmentation.
       ▪ Threshold-based ROI identification and contouring.
   • Automated quantitative analysis to assess previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical
     images, including: change in total volume and density of each identified ROI, and change in Fludeoxyglucose F18
   (FDG) tracer uptake of each identified ROI among images.
   • Generation of images of the anatomy combined with spatial and quantitative information, including computed
     classification of quantitative FDG ROI changes.

For multi-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older with partial or wholebody PET/CT acquired following administration of FDG per approved drug prescribing information and with the second
FDG administration separated from the first by a period not to exceed 12 months.

For single-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older with partial or wholebody PET/CT following administration of FDG, a PSMA targeted PET drug, or a SSTR-targeted PET drug per approved
drug prescribing information.

Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting have been investigated and use of TRAQinform IQ
has not been established for binary patient level progression or non-progression decisions without multidisciplinary
review. Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting that could impact patient care should
therefore prompt consultation with subject matter experts (for example, in tumor board), with a patient-centered focus on
discrepant imaging regions and with blinded or otherwise neutral adjudication regarding interpretation/classification
source.

TRAQinform IQ is not intended to diagnose any disease, replace the diagnostic procedures for interpretation of CT or
PET/CT images, recommend any specific treatment, nor is it intended to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified
medical professional.
FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 2 of 2

K233998

                                     510(k) SUMMARY
                         AIQ Global, Inc’s TRAQinform IQ

Submitter

AIQ Global, Inc. (dba AIQ Solutions)
8000 Excelsior Dr, Suite 400
Madison, WI 53717
(608) 268-9684

Contact Person

Alberti Dona, COO
(608) 268-9684
dona.alberti@aiq-solutions.com

Date Prepared

August 28, 2024

Device Identification

Proprietary Name: TRAQinform IQ
Common Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
Regulation No: 21 CFR 892.2050 Picture Archiving and Communications System
Product Code: LLZ
Regulatory Class: Class II
Classification Panel: Radiology

Predicate Device
Name of Device: QTxI
510(k) Number: K173444
Regulation No: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code: LLZ
Regulatory Class: Class II
Classification Panel: Radiology

Reference Device
Name of Device: MIM 4.1 (SEASTAR)
510(k) Number: K071964
Regulation No: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code: LLZ
Regulatory Class: Class II
Classification Panel: Radiology

Device Description and Technological Characteristics

TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that provides quantitative analysis of lesions identified as
Regions of Interest (ROI) in PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data acquired, interpreted, and reported
on per local practice prior to device use.

The input to TRAQinform IQ is CT and PET/CT images as supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0.

The following steps are performed by the software:

•   Automatic threshold-based ROI segmentation:
   o  ROI can also be imported from external sources (other validated tools or manual contouring
      by qualified medical personnel).
•   Automatic ROI registration between multiple images:
   o  Images can be from the same or different imaging modality.
   o  Images can be from the same or different PET tracer.
   o  Images can be from the same or different date.
•   Automatic matching of ROI between multiple, previously performed images.
•   Automatic quantification of dynamic changes among images including, but not limited to:
   o  Changes in ROI shape.
   o  Single ROI splitting into multiple ROI.
   o   Multiple ROI combining into a single ROI.
   o  ROI appearing, disappearing, and re-appearing across images.
•  A comprehensive summary analysis.

TRAQinform IQ calculates spatial and quantitative metrics for each individual ROI. These metrics are
provided as a TRAQinform Report. TRAQinform IQ uses computational algorithms to detect, fuse and
analyze ROI and provides the following outputs:

•   Identification of anatomic location of ROI in all areas of the body.
•  A quantitative analysis of functional and anatomic data for CT and PET/CT scans, including:
     o  Volume of all identified ROI on each image;
     o  Change in volume of each identified ROI among images;
     o  Total volume of all identified ROI on each image;
     o  Change in total volume of all identified ROI on each image;
     o  Heterogeneity of change in volume of each identified ROI;
     o  For PET scans:
           ▪   Tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero) of each identified ROI on
             each image;
           ▪  Change in tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean) of each identified ROI
           among images;
           ▪   Total tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero) of all identified ROI
            on each image;
           ▪  Change in total tracer uptake (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero) of all
                 identified ROI on each image;
           ▪   Heterogeneity of change in tracer uptake (SUVhetero) among identified ROI.
     o  For CT scans
           ▪  Radio density (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean, HUhetero) for each identified ROI on each

image;
            ▪  Changes in radio density (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean) of all identified ROI on each
              image;
            ▪  Change in total radio density (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean, HUhetero) of all identified
            ROI on each image;
            ▪   Heterogeneity of change in radio density (HUhetero) among identified ROI.
•  2D graphical renderings of medical images, including Maximum Intensity Projections of the PET
   and CT, with overlayed and labeled/color-coded ROI, for inclusion in TRAQinform Reports.
•  3D labeled contours for ROI, anatomic structures, and skeletal structures.

The TRAQinform IQ software operates in a secure cloud environment.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that provides a quantitative TRAQinform Report on lesions
identified as Regions of Interest (ROI) in PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data acquired, interpreted,
and reported on per local practice prior to device use.

Clinicians responsible for patient care and for ordering TRAQinform Reports as an adjunct to locally
reported image interpretation do not interact directly with the device. Clinicians responsible for local
image interpretation do not interact with the device and generate their reporting before and
independently of the TRAQinform Report.

The TRAQinform Report is generated by the device manufacturer and signed by a U.S. board
certified physician responsible for supervising central report generation and qualified to practice
nuclear radiology/medicine. The TRAQinform Report is for use by trained medical professionals
including but not limited to oncologists, nuclear radiologists/physicians, medical imaging
technologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

TRAQinform IQ software contains the following functionalities:
•  Automated matching of ROI between previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0
    volumetric medical images.
•   In order to perform automated matching of ROI and quantitative analysis of previously performed
   CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical images, the software initially performs the
    following functions:
        ▪  Machine learning skeletal and anatomic structure segmentation.
        ▪   Threshold-based ROI identification and contouring.
•  Automated quantitative analysis to assess previously performed CT and PET/CT DICOM 3.0
    volumetric medical images, including: change in total volume and density of each identified ROI,
   and change in Fludeoxyglucose F18 (FDG) tracer uptake of each identified ROI among images.
•   Generation of images of the anatomy combined with spatial and quantitative information,
    including computed classification of quantitative FDG ROI changes.


For multi-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older with
partial or whole-body PET/CT acquired following administration of FDG per approved drug prescribing
information and with the second FDG administration separated from the first by a period not to exceed
12 months.

For single-timepoint quantitative analysis, recommended use is in adult patients 22 years and older
with partial or whole-body PET/CT following administration of FDG, a PSMA targeted PET drug, or a
SSTR-targeted PET drug per approved drug prescribing information.

Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting have been investigated
and use of TRAQinform IQ has not been established for binary patient level progression or
non-progression decisions without multidisciplinary review. Discrepancies between
TRAQinform IQ and local PET/CT reporting that could impact patient care should therefore
prompt consultation with subject matter experts (for example, in tumor board), with a patientcentered focus on discrepant imaging regions and with blinded or otherwise neutral
adjudication regarding interpretation/classification source.

TRAQinform IQ is not intended to diagnose any disease, replace the diagnostic procedures for
interpretation of CT or PET/CT images, recommend any specific treatment, nor is it intended to
replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical professional.

Performance Testing

Results of software validation and verification (V&V) and early feasibility testing of device component
functionality for CT segmentation, regional PET thresholding, and ROI matching supported further FDG
test-retest and pivotal device output investigation. For detail on component testing, published reporting
is available respectively in Weisman 2023 (CT anatomy segmentation, doi.org/10.1088/2057-
1976/acfb06), Perk 2018 (ROI detection methodology, doi.org/10.1088/1361-6560/aaebba), and Huff
2023 (ROI matching, doi.org/10.1088/1361-6560/acef8f).

Test-Retest

This study established test-retest limits of agreement used to categorize regions of interest based off
changes between FDG PET/CT images. 31 patients with non-small lung cancer patients received
two FDG PET/CT images within 1 week pretreatment. The limits of repeatability endpoint estimated
the interval within which 95% of repeated measurements are expected to lie when clinically relevant
change is lacking. For TRAQinform IQ generated features, these limits are shown in Table 1.


       Table 1: Lower and upper limits of repeatability for each imaging feature.

                   Feature     Lower limit (%)  Upper limit (%)

              SUVmax     -27.0             56.8

               SUVmean    -20.2             38.5

                   SUVtotal     -54.1             144.5

                Volume      -52.6             113.9


Pivotal Reader Study

A study was conducted to evaluate the clinical utility of TRAQinform IQ. In this study, three report
evaluators (oncologists) were assigned to distinguish each of 103 patients as positive versus

negative for progression based on presentation of the locally generated radiology report without and
        then with adjunctive presentation of the TRAQinform Report.

       Each of the 103 patients had two sequential FDG PET/CT scans acquired between 2005 and 2022.
       Scans were acquired from patients scanned at 10 or more imaging centers in at least 3 U.S. states
        (exact image center information was redacted on scan transfer). A full breakdown is shown in Table
         2. A breakdown of patients by disease type, patient sex, weight, and age are also shown in Table 2.
       Out of the 206 total scans (2 per patient), scanner information was available for 199 (99 patients).
       Scans were acquired on a variety of scanner manufacturers and models, with 84 patients receiving
       scans on the same scanner for baseline and follow-up.

      A total of 1046 ROI were detected across the baseline scans (median per patient: 6, range: 0-80)
       and 935 were detected on the follow-up (median per patient: 4, range: 0-60).

Table 2: Patient and scan characteristics for all patients and scans where information was not redacted
                                during the scan transfer process.

                                           Site 1 (North Carolina, USA), n = 35
                                           Site 2 (Unknown State, USA) , n = 31 Site 3
                                         (North Carolina, USA), n = 13
                                           Site 4 (North Carolina, USA), n = 12
               Imaging Site /          Site 5 (Iowa, USA), n = 4
                                           Site 6 (North Carolina, USA), n = 3                Location
                                           Site 7 (North Carolina, USA), n = 2
                                           Site 8 (Unknown State, USA), n = 1
                                           Site 9 (North Carolina, USA), n = 1
                                           Site 10 (Missouri, USA), n = 1
                                       Breast Cancer, n = 23
                                  Lung Cancer, n = 20
                                          Prostate, n = 16
                                  Melanoma, n = 15
              Cancer Type, n                               Head & Neck Cancer, n = 8
                                Lymphoma, n = 7
                                          Colorectal Cancer, n = 6
                                         Other, n = 5
                                       Gynecological Cancer, n = 3

                 Patient sex, n
                                      57/46              Female / Male

                 Patient age, years
                                  66 (26, 87)               Median (range)

                 Patient weight, kg
                                       78.5 (43.0, 132.9)               Median (range)
                                       Unreported, n = 75
                                        White, n = 25
                 Patient Race           Hispanic, n = 2
                                         Black, n = 1

Siemens Healthineers Biograph 20, n = 76
                           Siemens Healthineers BioGraph TruePoint, n = 46
                         Canon Medical Systems Celesteion, n = 41
                         Canon Medical Systems Cartesion Prime, n = 14
        Scanner model
                     GE Healthcare Discovery ST, n = 12         (n=199)
                           Siemens Healthineers Biograph6, n = 7
                           Siemens Healthineers Biograph Horizon, n = 3


Of the 103 patients investigated, the TRAQInform Report prompted at least one oncologist
interpreter to reevaluate 23 patients classified without the device as negative for progression to
positive, and to reevaluate 9 patients classified without the device as positive for progression to
negative. In these cases, the oncologist interpreter highlighted a subset of ROI for further review.
Imaging and local reporting on these 23 + 9 = 32 patients was sent to a panel of two radiologists and
one oncologist, together serving as a reference source against which to quantify positive percent
agreement (PPA, representing patients classified as positive by both the panel and an oncologist),
negative percent agreement (NPA; representing patients classified as negative by both the panel
and an oncologist), and the 95% confidence interval (95%CI) for overall percent agreement (OPA;
prevalence-biased PPA and NPA aggregation). Compared to chance performance (50%), the 95%
CI for OPA was 41% to 76%. PPA was 14/18=78% and NPA was 5/14=36%.

Because reevaluation at the patient level was derived from reporting at a lower ROI level, panel
agreement was also evaluated at this level. The panel examined only the subset of ROI that had
been highlighted by the report evaluators. Of 111 total ROIs highlighted on the TRAQInform Report,
the panel agreed with the device classification (new, increasing, unchanged, decreasing, and
disappearing) in 37/53=70%, 18/26=70%, 11/13=85%, 5/8 (63%), and 10/11 (90%) ROIs,
respectively.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics to Predicate

TRAQinform IQ is a modification of the predicate device. Both the subject and predicate devices are
intended to be used by trained medical professionals as an aid in evaluation and information
management of digital medical images. Specifically, both devices are radiological image processing
systems intended to assess patient radiological scans to provide supplemental information to
physicians on changes to regions of interest (ROI).

Comparison of key technological features are provided in Table 3.


Conclusion

The TRAQinform IQ has the same intended use and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate device. Differences do not alter the
intended use of the device and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness when
used as labeled. The performance data demonstrate that the TRAQinform IQ is as safe and
effective as the QTxI. Thus, the TRAQinform IQ is substantially equivalent.

Table 3: Substantial Equivalence Table


                          TRAQinform IQ                    Quantitative Total ExtensibleSpecification  /
                              Subject Device                   Imaging (QTxI) (K173444)Characteristic                                                                      Predicate Device

Product Code                     LLZ                                 LLZ
Regulation                       892.2050                               892.2050
Number
Regulatory Class                                         II                                                                          II

                                   Radiology                                RadiologyReview Panel
                  Trained medical professionals including, but    Trained medical professionals
                   not limited to, radiologists, oncologists,          including, but not limited to,Users                   nuclear medicine physicians, medical imaging   radiologists, oncologists, nuclear
                    technologists, dosimetrists and physicists.      medicine physicians, medical imaging
                                                                     technologists, dosimetrists and
                                                                        physicists.
             A software tool to aid in evaluation and      A software  tool  to aid  in evaluation
Intended Use      information management of digital medical     and information management  of  digital
                  images.                                     medical
                                                             images.
                TRAQinform IQ is a software only device that   Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging
                   provides quantitative analysis of lesions        (QTxI)  is a software tool used to aid in
                      identified as Regions of Interest (ROI) in        evaluation and information management
               PET/CT DICOM compliant imaging data         of  digital medical images by  trained
Indications for    acquired, interpreted, and reported on per local medical professionals including, but not
Use                practice prior to device use.                      limited   to,  radiologists,  oncologists,
                                                                nuclear medicine physicians, medical
                     Clinicians responsible for patient care and for   imaging technologists, dosimetrists and
                   ordering TRAQinform Reports as an adjunct to  physicists. The medical modalities  of
                      locally reported image interpretation do not     these medical images include, but are
                      interact directly with the device. Clinicians      not limited to, DICOM CT and PET as
                   responsible for local image interpretation do    supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0.
                   not interact with the device and generate their
                    reporting before and independently of the
                TRAQinform Report.

               The TRAQinform Report is generated by the
                  device manufacturer and signed by a U.S.
                 board certified physician responsible for
                   supervising central report generation and
                     qualified to practice nuclear
                    radiology/medicine. The TRAQinform Report is
                       for use by trained medical professionals
                    including but not limited to oncologists, nuclear
                     radiologists/physicians, medical imaging
                    technologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

TRAQinform IQ                Quantitative Total Extensible ImagingSpecification  /
                            Subject Device                          (QTxI) (K173444)Characteristic                                                                    Predicate Device


                TRAQinform IQ software contains the     QTxI assists in the following indications:
                                                                      •   Receive, store, retrieve, display                     following functionalities:
                                                         and process digital medical                     •  Automated matching of ROI between
                                                           images
                        previously performed CT and PET/CT                                                                      •   Create, display and print reports
                DICOM 3.0 volumetric medical               from those images
                     images.                                     •   Provide medical professionals
                     •   In order to perform automated                  with the ability to display,
                     matching of ROI and quantitative                register, and fuse medical
                                                           images                        analysis of previously performed CT
                                                                      •   Identify Regions of Interest (ROIs)                   and PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric
                                                         and perform ROI contouring
                      medical images, the software initially                                                                      allowing quantitative/statistical
                      performs the following functions:               analysis of full or partial body scans
                             ▪  Machine learning skeletal and      •   Evaluate quantitative change in
                            anatomic structure                ROIs (total or partial body;
                             segmentation.                           individual ROI within individual) with
                                                 3D interactive rendering of images                             ▪   Threshold-based ROI
                                                                       with highlighted ROIs.
                                    identification and contouring.
                     •  Automated quantitative analysis to
                     assess previously performed CT and
                  PET/CT DICOM 3.0 volumetric
                      medical images, including: change in
                            total volume and density of each
                           identified ROI, and change in
                     Fludeoxyglucose F18 (FDG) tracer
                     uptake of each identified ROI among
                     images.
                     •   Generation of images of the anatomy
                    combined with spatial and quantitative
                         information, including computed
                          classification of quantitative FDG ROI
                      changes.

TRAQinform IQ                Quantitative Total Extensible ImagingSpecification  /
                            Subject Device                          (QTxI) (K173444)Characteristic                                                                    Predicate Device

                  For multi-timepoint quantitative analysis,
               recommended use is in adult patients 22
                  years and older with partial or whole-body
               PET/CT acquired following administration
                     of FDG per approved drug prescribing
                    information and with the second FDG
                    administration separated from the first by
                a period not to exceed 12 months.

                  For single-timepoint quantitative analysis,
               recommended use is in adult patients 22
                  years and older with partial or whole-body
               PET/CT following administration of FDG,
                a PSMA targeted PET drug, or a SSTRtargeted PET drug per approved drug
                    prescribing information.

                   Discrepancies between TRAQinform IQ
                and local PET/CT reporting have been
                    investigated and use of TRAQinform IQ
                 has not been established for binary
                     patient level progression or nonprogression decisions without
                      multidisciplinary review. Discrepancies
                 between TRAQinform IQ and local
               PET/CT reporting that could impact
                     patient care should therefore prompt
                    consultation with subject matter experts
                        (for example, in tumor board), with a
                    patient-centered focus on discrepant
                  imaging regions and with blinded or
                   otherwise neutral adjudication regarding
                      interpretation/classification source.

                TRAQinform IQ is not intended to
                  diagnose any disease, replace the
                    diagnostic procedures for interpretation of
             CT or PET/CT images, recommend any
                      specific treatment, nor is it intended to
                   replace the skill and judgement of a
                      qualified medical professional.

TRAQinform IQ                Quantitative Total Extensible Imaging Specification  /
                             Subject Device                          (QTxI) (K173444) Characteristic                                                                     Predicate Device

              CT and PET/CT images as supported by  DICOM, CT, MRI, SPECT and PET as
              ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0                 supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0

Medical Modalities  Radiotracers for multiple timepoints: FDG  Radiotracers: NaF PET

                    Radiotracers for single timepoint: FDG,
                  PSMA-targeted PET drug, or a SSTRtargeted PET drug
                  Secure Cloud Environment with Web     Windows 7 or Windows 10
Operating System  Browser Interface


                   Automatic Threshold based ROI           Threshold based ROI identification in bone
Identification of      identification in bone and anatomical
ROI                  structures


                 TRAQinform IQ allows the importation of  No importation functionality
Importation of     physician established contours of ROI
ROI contours


                  Segmentation of bone to identify skeletal   Atlas based segmentation of bone to identify
Segmentation       structures and segmentation of             skeletal structures
                    anatomical structures to identify organs.
                  Segmentation is driven by machine
                     learning algorithms.

                   Scan-to-scan registration and ROI         Scan-to-scan registration and ROI matching
Quantitative        matching allows automatic                allows automatic quantification of ROIs and
Analysis             quantification of ROIs and assessment    assessment of changes/differences in ROI.
                       of changes/differences in ROI:              Quantitative/statistical analysis of full or
                          •  Changes in ROI shape              partial-body scans
                          •   Single ROI splitting into multiple
                      ROI
                          •   Multiple ROI combining into a
                              single ROI
                          •  ROI appearing, disappearing,
                       and re- appearing across
                        images

                     Quantitative analysis of functional and
                    anatomical data for CT and PET/CT
                    scans, including:
                          •  Volume of each identified
                      ROI on each image
                          •  Change in volume of each
                                identified ROI among images
                          •   Total volume of all identified
                      ROI on each image

TRAQinform IQ                 Quantitative Total Extensible ImagingSpecification  /
                            Subject Device                           (QTxI) (K173444)Characteristic                                                                     Predicate Device

                        •  Change in total volume of all
                              identified ROI on each image
                        •   Heterogeneity of change in volume
                            of each identified ROI

                 For PET scans:
                        •   Tracer uptake (SUVmax,
                         SUVtotal, SUVmean,
                       SUVhetero) of each identified
                    ROI on each image
                        •  Change in tracer uptake
                     (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean)
                            of each identified ROI among
                      images
                        •   Total tracer uptake (SUVmax,
                         SUVtotal, SUVmean, SUVhetero)
                            of all identified ROI on each
                      image
                        •  Change in total tracer uptake
                     (SUVmax, SUVtotal, SUVmean,
                       SUVhetero) of all identified ROI
                     on each image
                        •   Heterogeneity of change in tracer
                        uptake (SUVhetero) among
                              identified ROI
                 For CT scans:
                        •  Radio density (HUmax,
                          HUtotal, HUmean, HUhetero)
                               for each identified ROI on
                      each image
                        •  Changes in radio density (HUmax,
                          HUtotal, HUmean) of all identified
                    ROI on each image
                        •  Change in total radio density
                     (HUmax, HUtotal, HUmean,
                       HUhetero) of all identified ROI on
                      each image
                        •   Heterogeneity of change in radio
                          density (HUhetero) among
                              identified ROI
             2D  Graphical  renderings  of  medical
                 images,  including  Maximum  Intensity
                   Projections  of  the PET and CT,  with
                  overlayed and labeled/color-coded ROI for
                    inclusion in TRAQinform Reports.

             3D labeled contours for ROI, anatomic
                    structures, and skeletal structures.