August 29, 2024EchoNous, Inc.
Joshua Kim
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
8310 154th Ave NE, Bldg B, Ste 200
Redmond, Washington 98052


Re: K233826
    Trade/Device Name: Kosmos
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, DQD, DPS, QIH
    Dated: July 31, 2024
    Received: July 31, 2024

Dear Joshua Kim:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233826 - Joshua Kim                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Marjan Nabili -S for

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                             Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K233826
Device Name
Kosmos
Indications for Use (Describe)
Kosmos is intended to be used by qualified and trained healthcare professionals in the clinical assessment for the
following clinical applications by acquiring, processing, displaying, measuring, and storing ultrasound images, or
synchronized ultrasound images, electrocardiogram (ECG) rhythms, and digital auscultation (DA) sounds and waveforms.
With respect to its ultrasound imaging capability, Kosmos is a general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound system used in the
following clinical applications and modes of operation:
Clinical Applications: Cardiac, Thoracic/Lung, Abdominal, Vascular/Peripheral Vascular, Musculoskeletal, and
interventional guidance (includes free hand needle / catheter placement fluid drainage, and nerve block)
Modes of Operation: B-mode, M-mode, Color Doppler, Pulsed Wave (PW) Doppler, Continuous Wave (CW) Doppler,
Combined Modes of B+M, and B+CD, B+PW, B+CW, and Harmonic Imaging
Kosmos is intended to be used in clinical care and medical education settings on adult and pediatric patient populations.
Kosmos includes the Al-assisted automated ejection fraction software, known as Auto EF, which is used to process
previously acquired transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, to store images, and to manipulate and make measurements
on images using the Kosmos. Auto EF provides automated estimation of left ventricular ejection fraction. This
measurement can be used to assist the clinician in a cardiac evaluation. Auto EF is indicated for use on adult patients only
in healthcare facilities.
The Kosmos includes the Auto Anatomical Structure Labeling and View Identification, also referred to as AI FAST,
software, which is intended for use only by qualified and trained medical professionals for automatic real-time detection
and labeling of anatomical structures during image acquisition during cardiac, thoracic/lung, or abdominal ultrasound
imaging. This feature is only indicated for use on adult patients in healthcare facilities.
The device is non-invasive, reusable, and intended to be used on one patient at a time.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
& Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (1) over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC PUMining Services 201) 13-6719 EF