February 13, 2024
Philips Ultrasound LLC
Michael Chambers
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
BOTHELL WA 98021

Re: K233788
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System; Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                      System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: November 17, 2023
    Received: November 28, 2023

Dear Michael Chambers:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233788 - Mike Chambers                                                             Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K233788
Device Name
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System;
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
EPIQ:
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and
surgeon with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure
uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Affiniti:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be

operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

I.      510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: K233788

Date Prepared: February 13, 2024


       II.     Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and       Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information         Mike Chambers
                                      Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (315) 262-7702

       Secondary Contact         Tamara Daniels
                                      Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (203) 213-6862

       III.     Device

         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                      Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Regulation Description       Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                   Primary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,
                                                                  892.1550      IYN
                                           ultrasonic
                                Secondary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed echo,
                                                                  892.1560      IYO
                                           ultrasonic
                                      Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic  892.1570       ITX
                                  Automated Radiological Image
                                                                  892.2050      QIH
                                     Processing Software
                                        Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200      OBJ*
                                                   *Applicable only to Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System, per clearance
                                              under K202216; Not applicable for Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

        Device Class                Class II

       Review Panel                Radiology

        Predicate Device            K211597; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                   K211597; Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

        Reference Device           K231190; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

IV.    Device Description

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the Smart Doppler View
ID software feature onto the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems.

The purpose of the Smart Doppler View ID feature is to enhance the user’s workflow through providing
automation of the navigation of the touch screen groups on the Ultrasound System associated with
Doppler Measurements. Without the Smart Doppler View ID feature, users must manually navigate to
the desired Doppler Calculation Package Group on the Ultrasound System’s various screens to perform
a measurement. The Smart Doppler View ID feature automates this navigation and selects the
associated calculation package group for the user based on the provided Doppler Spectrum acquired
by the user using an artificial intelligence–based algorithm.

Smart Doppler View ID maps to six Doppler Calculations Package groups on the Ultrasound System
screen:

•  Aortic Valve

•  Mitral Valve

•  Tricuspid Valve

•  Pulmonic Valve

•  Venous Flow

•  TDI Vel (Tissue Doppler Imaging Velocity) & Ratio

No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti systems are required when using the Smart Doppler View
ID feature, and existing, commercialized Philips transducers are used for the Smart Doppler View ID
feature.

The feature is supported by all EPIQ and Affiniti models running software version 11.0 or higher
including EPIQ CVx/CVxi, EPIQ Elite Advanced, EPIQ Elite, EPIQ 7, EPIQ 5, Affiniti CVx, Affiniti 70,
Affiniti 50, and Affiniti 30. The Smart Doppler View ID feature is associated with the cardiac adult
indication.

V.     Intended Use and Indications for Use

EPIQ Intended Use

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body.

EPIQ Indications for Use:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic  (Neonatal),  Fetal/Obstetric,  Gynecological,  Intraoperative  (Vascular),  Intraoperative
(Cardiac),  intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.

However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
    and best clinical procedure.

     Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the introduction
      of the Smart Doppler View ID feature. The Smart Doppler View ID is associated with the Cardiac Adult
      indication.

      Affiniti Intended Use:

    The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
      fluid flow analysis of the human body.

      Affiniti Indications for Use:

    The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
      fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

     Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
      (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
     (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
     Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
     Transvaginal, Lung.

    The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
      hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

    The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
     procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
     only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
    However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
    and best clinical procedure.

     Note: There are no changes to the Affiniti Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the introduction
      of the Smart Doppler View ID feature. The Smart Doppler View ID is associated with the Cardiac Adult
      indication.

      VI.    Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate

    The purpose of the submission is to introduce the Smart Doppler View ID feature to the EPIQ Series
     Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System. The subject devices
     are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices (K211597) and reference device (K231190).


                                                  Philips EPIQ Series
                                                                             Philips EPIQ Series
                 EPIQ Series Diagnostic    Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                                                     Diagnostic Ultrasound
                     Ultrasound System           System
                                                                  System

     Feature        Affiniti Series Diagnostic      Affiniti Diagnostic                                 Comparison
                     Ultrasound System       Ultrasound System

                                                                           (K231190)
                   Proposed Devices           (K211597)
                                                                      Reference Device
                                                Predicate Devices
                   Class II                  Class II                   Class II                       Identical
   USA FDA
   Classification

                 IYN                    IYN                    IYN                           Identical Primary Product
     Code

                 21 CFR 892.1550         21 CFR 892.1550         21 CFR 892.1550            Identical
     Primary
    Regulation
    Number

                  Smart Doppler View ID     Not applicable since the    Not applicable since the    Subject of this submissionMarketing Name of
                                                   application is new           application is new    Application

Philips EPIQ Series
                                                                           Philips EPIQ Series
               EPIQ Series Diagnostic    Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                                                   Diagnostic Ultrasound
                   Ultrasound System           System
                                                                System

   Feature        Affiniti Series Diagnostic      Affiniti Diagnostic                                 Comparison
                  Ultrasound System       Ultrasound System

                                                                         (K231190)
                 Proposed Devices           (K211597)
                                                                   Reference Device
                                             Predicate Devices
              The proposed Smart       Manual selection by the    Manual selection by the     Subject of this submission.
                 Doppler View ID feature is  user of Calculations        user of Calculations       The Smart Doppler View ID
                 intended to be used Adult  Package group on the     Package group on the      automates the selection of
                 Cardiology Transthoracic   ultrasound system          ultrasound system          Calculations Package group
                 examinations to automate   associated with            associated with           on the ultrasound system
                  the navigation of the       measurement groups on   measurement groups on    during Adult Cardiology
                  Calculations Package       the ultrasound system.      the ultrasound system.      Transthoracic examinations,
                group associated with                                                    where the predicate and
                 Doppler Measurements.                                                          reference devices require
                 Without the Smart Doppler                                                      users to manually navigate to
               View ID feature, users                                                                        their desired Calculations
               must manually navigate to                                               Package group to perform
                  the desired Doppler                                                         subsequent measurements.
                  Calculations Package                                                  The Smart Doppler View ID
               Group on the Ultrasound                                                             feature does not perform any
               System to perform a                                                     measurements itself and is
                measurement. The Smart                                                          only intended to automate the
                 Doppler View ID feature                                                              selection of the Calculations
 Application    automates this navigation                                                Package group associated
 Description    and selects the associated                                                           with an acquired doppler
                  Calculations Package                                                          spectrum.
                group for the user based
               on the provided Doppler                                                     There is no change to the
                Spectrum acquired by the                                                           Calculation Package Groups
                   user.                                                                                  available to the user.

               Automated selection of     Manual selection of       Manual selection of
                  Calculation Package        Calculation Package        Calculation Package
               Groups by Smart Doppler  Groups by the user:       Groups by the user:
               View ID:

                  •    Aortic Valve           •    Aortic Valve           •    Aortic Valve
                  •    Mitral Valve           •    Mitral Valve           •    Mitral Valve
                  •    Tricuspid Valve        •    Tricuspid Valve        •    Tricuspid Valve
                  •   Pulmonic Valve        •   Pulmonic Valve        •   Pulmonic Valve
                  •   Venous Flow          •   Venous Flow          •   Venous Flow
                  •   TDI Vel & Ratio        •   TDI Vel & Ratio        •   TDI Vel & Ratio
                    After a user acquires a      After a user acquires a      After a user acquires a     The only difference with Smart
                 doppler spectrum, a        doppler spectrum, the user  doppler spectrum, the user  Doppler View ID is that the
                  Calculations Package      must manually navigate to  must manually navigate to  Measurement Calculations
                group is automatically      the desired Calculations    the desired Calculations    Package group is
                   highlighted on the         Package group. From the   Package group. From the   automatically highlighted for
                  ultrasound system display  manually selected         manually selected          the user after a doppler
                     for the user by Smart       Calculations Package       Calculations Package      spectrum is acquired. Without
                 Doppler View ID. From the  group, the user may select  group, the user may select  Smart Doppler View ID, users
                   highlighted Calculations    a desired measurement to  a desired measurement to  must manually navigate to
User Interface
               Package group, the user    perform on the image.      perform on the image.       their desired Calculations
 Presentation
             may select a desired                                                    Package group.
               measurement to perform
               on the image. If the user                                                    There is no change to the
                 disagrees with the                                                                   user’s functionality once the
                   highlighted Calculations                                                            Calculations Package group is
               Package group, they can                                                          selected for them compared to
                 manually navigate to their                                                                    their workflow without Doppler
                  desired Calculations                                                      View ID.
               Package group.

Philips EPIQ Series
                                                                           Philips EPIQ Series
               EPIQ Series Diagnostic    Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                                                   Diagnostic Ultrasound
                   Ultrasound System           System
                                                                System

   Feature        Affiniti Series Diagnostic      Affiniti Diagnostic                                 Comparison
                   Ultrasound System       Ultrasound System

                                                                         (K231190)
                  Proposed Devices           (K211597)
                                                                    Reference Device
                                              Predicate Devices
                EPIQ:                No new transducers and no The K231190 submission  No new transducers or modes
                  X5-1, X5-1c, and S5-1 are  new modes                introduced the mL26-8      are being introduced in this
                  already commercially                                   transducer. This transducer submission. All transducers
                   available and compatible                                        is not compatible with the   are already available with the
                   with the EPIQ Ultrasound                           proposed Smart Doppler   EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound
                System.                                        View ID feature.           Systems.

                      Affiniti:
                  S5-1, X5-1, and S4-2 are
 Compatible     already commercially
 transducers     available and compatible
                   with the Affiniti Ultrasound
                System.
             No new transducers.

                 Transducer modes for
                Smart Doppler View ID:
                2D, PWD, CWD, TDI. No
              new transducer modes.

             No measurements are     Any cardiac adult TTE     Any cardiac adult TTE    No new measurements are
                 performed by the Smart    measurements resulting    measurements resulting    being introduced in this
                 Doppler View ID feature.    from the view selection are  from the view selection are  submission. The subject of this
               Any cardiac adult TTE      performed either manually  performed either manually  submission is to provide
               measurements resulting    by the user or by the       by the user or by the       workflow enhancements using
Measurements
                 from the view selection are  commercially available     commercially available     an artificial intelligence -
  Performed
                 performed either manually  AutoMeasure function     AutoMeasure function       application.
                by the user or by the       (K211597).               (K211597)
                 commercially available
                AutoMeasure function
                 (K211597).
                  Algorithm accuracy of      N/A – the equivalent       N/A – the equivalent        Subject of this submission
               97.5% (95%CI 96.3%,       functionality is performed    functionality is performed
  Application     98.3%), p-value <0.0001   manually by users to select manually by users to select
 performance    compared to the ground    the appropriate calculation  the appropriate calculation
                     truth                    package group (touch      package group (touch
                                          screen group)             screen group)


    VII.    Safety Considerations

   The proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
   System, including Smart Doppler View ID feature, and compatible transducers are all Track 3 Devices
   and comply with the referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document, Guidance
    for Industry and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers,
   issued in February 2023.

    VIII.    Nonclinical Performance Data

   The proposed modification of the EPIQ Series and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was
   tested in accordance with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per
   the following standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:
       •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
       •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

    Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
   provided to support the introduction of the subject software algorithm for the Smart Doppler View ID

software feature. The activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision
included, but are not limited to, the following:
    •   Requirements Review
    •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
    •   Product Specification Review
    •   Design Reviews

Non-Clinical Verification Testing of requirements, consisted of feature-specific functional testing,
transducer compatibility, user interface and workflow testing related to Smart Doppler View ID Software
Feature introduced in this submission as part of the software verification activities for the system and
for X5-1, S5-1, X5-1c, and S4-2 transducers supporting the Smart Doppler View ID Software feature.

Since this is a software-only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems with Smart Doppler View ID. The transducer patient contact materials and manufacturing
processes are not impacted by the release of the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems with Smart Doppler View ID.


IX.      Clinical Data

Summary of Clinical Tests

There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with Smart Doppler View ID feature, which is an artificial intelligencebased feature.

Artificial Intelligence Summary

The Smart Doppler View ID algorithm is an Artificial Intelligence (AI) based tool that automates the
navigation  of  the  touch screen groups on  the  Ultrasound System  associated  with Doppler
Measurements.

A study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the new algorithm, where 1100 previously
collected TTE (transthoracic echo) cardiac clips acquired with doppler mode from 400 subject videos
were processed through the Smart Doppler View ID algorithm and its output (touch screens) compared
to Standard of Care obtained group of measurements (touch screens). The Standard of Care
measurements are those measurements recommended by the American Society of Echocardiography
(ASE) guidelines for routine TTE cardiac exams. The data used for the clinical performance study were
completely distinct from that used during training of the algorithm, and there was no overlap between
the two data sets.

The primary endpoint was accuracy between Smart Doppler View ID and ground truth. The Ground
truth for the study was based on a group of measurements performed by intended users (i.e., Board
certified cardiologists and cardiac sonographers) of the Ultrasound Systems as part of Standard of Care
TTE exam per ASE guidelines at a large US-based hospital. The Ground truth (touch screen) was
determined on a set of measurements performed on acquired Doppler waveforms and mapped to touch
screens (i.e., a Power Doppler Waveform acquired to measure the mitral valve inflow is mapped to the
Mitral Valve Touch Screen group). All of the Doppler TTE clips included in the ground truthing were
acquired by the 16 cardiac sonographers with a high level of expertise, and all these studies have been
vetted and interpreted by Board certified cardiologists that have successfully passed the National Board
of Echocardiography Examination. Accuracy was evaluated by comparing the ground truth touch
screens and Smart Doppler View ID auto-detected touch screen for the same TTE clips as outputted
by the algorithm.

Dataset

Subjects from whom the study data were sampled had presented to a USA-based hospital und

underwent routine TTE adult cardiac exam. Overall, 400 subjects contributed 1100 clips evaluated in
this study. The touchscreen  distribution  in the study closely resembled the anticipated  clinical
distribution based on typical measurements performed as part of standard of care TTE cardiac
assessment exams as recommended by the American Society of Echocardiography (ASE) guidelines.
Moreover, subjects whose clips contributed to the study represented a broad range of demographics
and body habitus, representative of the intended population.

The demographic distribution of the study population includes the following:


              Demographic                                 Result (N=400) (% (xx/N)

              Sex

              Female                                   56.3% (225/400)

               Male                                     43.8% (175/400)

             Age (years, mean ± SD (range))                  61.9 ± 16.6 (18.4, 98.7)

                Height (cm, mean ± SD (range))                  169.2 ± 10.7 (125,196)

               Weight (kg, mean ± SD (range))                  84.2 ± 23.7 (40.8, 263.0)

            BSA (m2, mean ± SD (range))                     1.9 ± 0.3 (1.3, 3.4)

             BMI (kg/m2, mean ± SD (range))                  29.5 ± 7.8 (15.8,78.5)

              Race

               White                                    31.3% (125/400)

                Asian                                    2.8% (11/400)

                Black or African American                    53.8% (215/400)

               American Indian or Alaska Native              0.3% (1/400)

                 Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander        0.8% (3/400)

               Mixed/More than one race                    9.5% (38/400)

               Other/Unknown/Not Reported                 1.8% (7/400)


Results

The results of the primary endpoint analysis demonstrated algorithm accuracy of 97.5% (95%CI 96.3%,
98.3%), p-value <0.0001, thereby meeting the acceptance criteria for the study.

Conclusion

The results of the study demonstrated clinically reasonable, relevant and meaningful performance of
the Smart Doppler View ID algorithm in supporting clinicians’ workflow by automatically detecting
touchscreens during adult cardiac TTE exams with doppler mode. Specifically, success on the primary
endpoint of accuracy indicates that the safety and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm  is
acceptable. Lastly, the algorithm workflow allows users to adjust the touchscreen outputs, if necessary.


X.      Sterilization

Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.

XI.    Conclusion

For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
proposed subject devices meets their intended use.

The changes made to the subject devices do not affect the use of the devices, nor do they introduce
any new or significantly modified risks. The results of the relevant performance and compatibility tests
support a determination that the proposed subject devices do not raise new questions of safety or
effectiveness.

Therefore, the subject devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate and reference devices in
terms of indications for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and
effectiveness.