June 13, 2024
Relu BV
℅ Breanne Butler
Regulatory Specialist
Prime Path Medtech
1321 Upland Dr., Suite 6792
HOUSTON, TX 77043

Re: K233925
    Trade/Device Name: Relu Creator
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 15, 2024
    Received: May 15, 2024

Dear Breanne Butler:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233925 - Breanne Butler                                                             Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                  2024.06.13
                                                    15:30:48 -04'00'
                                           for                                   Lu Jiang
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K233925                                                             I
Device Name
 I Relu Creator

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Relu Creator is a software program for the management, transfer, and analysis of dental and
 craniomaxillofacial image information, and can be used to provide design input for dental solutions.  It
 displays and enhances digital images from various sources to support the diagnostic process and
 treatment planning.  It stores and provides these images within the system or across computer
 systems at different locations.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) #:  K233925                                                      Prepared on: 2024-06-13                       510(k) Summary
 Contact Details                                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
 Applicant Name                         I Relu BV

 Applicant Address             Kapeldreef 60 Leuven 3001 Belgium

 Applicant Contact Telephone   +32 476 04 30 5

 Applicant Contact                Mr. HolgerWillems

 Applicant Contact Email        holger.willems@relu.eu

 Correspondent Name                       I Prime Path Medtech

 Correspondent Address             1321 Upland Dr. Suite 6792 Houston TX 77043 United States

 Correspondent Contact Telephone  860-810-5594

 Correspondent Contact                    I Dr. Breanne Butler

 Correspondent Contact Email       bbutler@primepathmedtech.com
 Device Name                                                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name                  I Relu Creator

 Common Name                Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name            Medical image management and processing system

 Regulation Number           1892.2050

 Product Code                            I QIH
                   Predicate Devices                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)ILegally Marketed
 Predicate              Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code
  K213562          DTX Studio Clinic 3.0                       ILL
IDevice Description Summary                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 The Relu Creator is a software that is part of the digital workflow of dental specialists in preoperative planning. The main purpose is the
 3D modeling of the patient anatomy, which  is technically called image segmentation and multimodel registration. Based on the model,
  simulations for preoperative and pretreatment planning can be carried out for dental applications. The 3D modeling (segmentation
  registration) is performed on medical images like CBCT, 1OS and FS. The preoperative/pretreatment software can be applied in various
 dental disciplines such as orthodontics, implantology, and maxillofacial surgery.
I Intended Use/Indications for Use                                 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

  Relu Creator is a software program for the management, transfer, and analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial image information, and
 can be used to provide design input for dental solutions. It displays and enhances digital images from various sources to support the

diagnostic process and treatment planning. It stores and provides these images within the system or across computer systems at
  different locations.
 Indications for Use Comparison                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)I
  Based on the comparison, the indications of use of the Subject Device is similar to that of the Predicate Device. There are two differences
 between the indications for use of the Subject Device and Predicate Device.

 One difference is in the scope of activities of Relu Creator when compared to DTX Studio. DTX Studio includes the acquisition,
 management, transfer, and analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial image information. Relu creator includes only management,
  transfer, and analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial image information. Relu Creator does not include the acquisition of image
  information.

 Additionally, the indication for Relu Creator applies generally to dental solutions, rather than only to dental restorative solutions. This is
 because Relu Creator can be used to process image information in the dental and craniomaxillofacial area for any treatment in that
  region.

  Based on the similarity of indication for use, the Subject Device can be considered substantially equivalent to the Predicate Device.
             Comparison                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(6) TechnologicalI
  Based on the comparisons, the design, construction, and performance characteristics of the Subject Device are similar to that of the
  Predicate Devices.
 The differences identified are not substantial differences in operation of the device.
  Input Data: The subject device does not acquire image data, whereas the predicate device includes features for    i mage acquisition.
 Otherwise, the types of imaging file data imported to the subject device are similar to the inputs of the predicate device. Both include
 image file types that are commonly used in the dental industry (CBCT, 1OS, and FS).
 Output Data: The subject device provides outputs in several formats (STL, DICOM, PLY, OBJ) that are commonly for dental and
 craniomaxillofacial treatment planning applications. The predicate device offers outputs in additional formats. Additionally, the
  predicate device provide treatment planning outputs. The subject device is intended for processing of dental and craniomaxillofacial
 imaging data as an input to the treatment planning process.
 Image Processing: The subject device has the same general image processing features as the predicate device. However, the subject
 device does not include volume or surface area measurements.
 Automatic Segmentation Algorithm: Relu Creator includes an automatic segmentation algorithm, which is powered by Relu Engine. The
  predicate device also includes a similar automatic volume segmentation algorithm.
 OS/Hardware/IT Requirements:The Minimum OS, Hardware, and IT Requirements of the Subject Device are similar to that of the
  Predicate Device. Relu Creator is available in both web-application and local application formats. The differences between the predicate
 and subject device account for differences in the development framework used, but do not impact the intended use or application of
  the devices.
  There are no other substantial differences between the technical requirements between the Subject and Predicate Devices.

INon-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)
 The Subject Device has passed testing for appropriate verification and validation and performed per its intended use. Therefore, it can
 be substantially equivalent to its Predicate Devices.

  Based on the performance testing and software validation testing, the Subject Device, Relu Creator, has been shown to be appropriate
  for its indications for use and is as safe and as effective than the legally marketed Predicate Device, DTX Studio 3.0 (K213562). There are
 no substantial differences between the indications for use, technological features, or performance testing of the Subject and Predicate
  Device.