Precision AI Pty Ltd                                                          August 5, 2024
Sara Baniadam
Quality and Regulatory Manager
Suite 18, 36 Agnes Street
Fortitude Valley, Queensland
Australia

Re: K233992
    Trade/Device Name:  Precision AI Surgical Planning System (PAI-SPS)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 888.3660
    Regulation Name: Shoulder joint metal/polymer semi-constrained cemented prosthesis
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QHE, PHX, KWS
    Dated: July 5, 2024
    Received: July 5, 2024

Dear Sara Baniadam:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233992 - Sara Baniadam                                                       Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                   Farzana                DigitallySharmin signed-S    by Farzana
                                Sharmin -S         Date:-04'00'2024.08.05 20:01:43
                                           Farzana Sharmin, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6A: Division of Joint  Arthroplasty Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K233992                                                        I
Device Name
 Precision Al Surgical Planning System (PAI-SPS)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Software
 The Precision Al Planning Software is intended to be used as a pre-surgical planner for simulation of
 surgical interventions for shoulder joint arthroplasty. The software is used to assist in the positioning
 of shoulder components by creating a 3D bone construct of the joint and allows the surgeon to
 visualize, measure, reconstruct, annotate and edit pre-surgical plan data. The software leads to the
 generation of a surgery report along with a pre-surgical plan data file which can be used as input
 data to design the Precision Al Shoulder Guide and Biomodels.

 Hardware
 The Precision Al Planning System Guides and Biomodels are intended to be used as patientspecific surgical instruments to assist in the intraoperative positioning of shoulder implant
 components used with total and reverse shoulder arthroplasty by referencing anatomic landmarks of
 the shoulder that are identifiable on preoperative CT-imaging scans.
 The Glenoid Guide is used to place the k-wire and the Humeral Guide is used to place humeral pins
 for humeral head resection.
 The Precision Al Guides and Biomodels are indicated for single use only.

 The Precision Al Surgical Planning System is indicated for use on adult patients that have been
 consented for shoulder joint arthroplasty. Both humeral and glenoid guides are suitable for a deltopectoral approach only.

 The Precision Al Surgical Planning System is indicated for total and reverse shoulder arthroplasty
 using the following Enovis implant systems and their compatible components:
  - AltiVate Anatomic Shoulder System (K162024)
  - AltiVate Anatomic Augmented Glenoid (K213387)
  - Turon Shoulder System (K1 11629)
  - Reverse Shoulder Prosthesis (K051075, K092873, K1 11629)


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

K233992
                                                                                          Page 1 of 3


   1. Submitter

        510(k) Sponsor             Precision AI Pty Ltd
       Address                    Suite 18, 36 Agnes Street, Fortitude Valley, Queensland, 4006, Australia
       Correspondence Person    Sara Baniadam
                                    Quality and Regulatory Manager
       Contact Information       Email: Regulatory@precisionai.com.au
       Submission Date         December 18, 2023


   2. Subject Device

        Proprietary Name           Precision AI Surgical Planning System (PAI-SPS)
     Common Name             Surgical Planning Software and Patient Specific Surgical Guide
         Classification Name         Single/multiple component metallic bone fixation appliances and
                                      accessories.
        Regulation Number       21 CFR 888.3660
        Regulation Name          Shoulder joint metal/polymer semi-constrained cemented prosthesis
       Product Code          QHE
        Additional Product Codes   PHX, KWS
        Regulatory Class                    II


  3. Predicate Devices
     Substantial equivalence is therefore claimed to the following devices:

       Primary Predicate:
            •  Materialise Shoulder System (K212569)

       Secondary Predicate:
            •  Medacta MyShoulder Placement Guide (K190738)

       Reference Device:
           •   Formus Hip (K213272)
           •  PeekMed Web (K222767)

4. Device Description
    Precision AI Surgical Planning System (PAI-SPS) is a patient-specific medical device that is designed to be
    used to assist the surgeon in the placement of shoulder components during total anatomic and reverse
    shoulder replacement surgery. This can be done by generating a pre-surgical shoulder plan and, if requested

K233992
                                                                                             Page 2 of 3


    by the surgeon, by manufacturing a patient-specific guide and models to transfer the surgical plan to
    surgery.

    The device is a system composed of the following:

    •   a software component, Precision AI Surgical Planning Software which will create a 3D construct of the
         patient’s joint for the surgeon to plan the operation preoperatively. The surgeon will be able to visualise
        the movement of the diseased joint and determine mechanical failings. They will then be able to place
        the virtual shoulder replacement in different positions and decide which position gives the patient the
        best result. Once the surgeon has decided on the best position, the software will generate a CAD file
         for a Patient Specific Guide.

    •   Precision AI Surgical Guides, which are patient-specific guides and models will be manufactured if the
        surgeon requests patient-specific guides to transfer the surgical plan to surgery. Once the CAD model
            is generated from the planning software, the model is sent to a 3D printer which will then print the
        guide out of a biocompatible medical grade Nylon material for sintering (Polyamide-12) which has an
         established usage for similar application. The specific design of the guide will be customised to the
         individual patient as well as depending on the particular anatomy it will be applied to.
         Precision AI Patient Specific Guides are intended for single use only.

5. Indications for Use
Software
The Precision AI Planning Software is intended to be used as a pre-surgical planner for simulation of surgical
interventions for shoulder joint arthroplasty. The software is used to assist in the positioning of shoulder
components by creating a 3D bone construct of the joint and allows the surgeon to visualize, measure,
reconstruct, annotate and edit pre-surgical plan data. The software leads to the generation of a surgery report
along with a pre-surgical plan data file which can be used as input data to design the Precision AI Shoulder Guide
and Biomodels.

Hardware
The Precision AI Planning System Guides and Biomodels are intended to be used as patient-specific surgical
instruments to assist in the intraoperative positioning of shoulder implant components used with total and
reverse shoulder arthroplasty by referencing anatomic landmarks of the shoulder that are identifiable on
preoperative CT-imaging scans.
The Glenoid Guide is used to place the k-wire and the Humeral Guide is used to place humeral pins for humeral
head resection.
The Precision AI Guides and Biomodels are indicated for single use only.

The Precision AI Surgical Planning System is indicated for use on adult patients that have been consented for
shoulder joint arthroplasty. Both humeral and glenoid guides are suitable for a delto-pectoral approach only.

The Precision AI Surgical Planning System is indicated for total and reverse shoulder arthroplasty using the
following Enovis implant systems and their compatible components:
- AltiVate Anatomic Shoulder System (K162024)
- AltiVate Anatomic Augmented Glenoid (K213387)
- Turon Shoulder System (K111629)
- Reverse Shoulder Prosthesis (K051075, K092873, K111629)

K233992
                                                                                             Page 3 of 3


6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics
The Precision AI Surgical Planning System is comprised of Surgical Planning software and physical patientmatched Surgical Guides. Likewise, the primary predicate, Materialise Shoulder System (K212569), comprises
of surgery planning software and physical surgical guides.

The secondary predicate, Medacta MyShoulder Placement Guide (K190738), is a patient-matched Surgical
Guide only, similar to Precision AI Surgical Guide.

Precision AI Surgical Guide is substantially equivalent to predicate devices, Materialise Shoulder System
(K212569) and Medacta MyShoulder Placement Guide (K190738) for what concerns indications for use and
contraindications as well as technological characteristics including materials, contact duration, manufacturing
process, device usage, packaging, labelling, and shelf-life.
 Precision AI Surgical Planning Software incorporates non-adaptive machine or deep learning algorithms trained
for the purpose of semi-automatic segmentation and landmark identification of image scans similar to the listed
reference devices.

7. Performance Data
The following non-clinical performance studies have been conducted on the subject devices:

  Characterization tests:
          •    Biocompatibility Evaluation
          •    Dimensional Stability Testing Post Cleaning and Sterilisation
          •    Packaging and Transportation Testing
          •   Drop (Impact) Testing
          •    Compression Testing
          •   Wear (Debris) Testing
          •    Software Verification and Validation Testing

  Performance testing
          •    Composite Bone Model Testing
          •    Cadaveric Testing

In addition, a post-market evaluation of a clinical case series of 35 subjects was conducted to evaluate the
measurement accuracy of the subject device via post-operative CT. The study was performed in Australia under
ethics committee approval and according to GCP.

The non-clinical and clinical performance testing indicates that the subject device is as safe, as effective, and
performs as well as the predicate device.

8. Conclusion
Based on the above information, the Precision AI Surgical Planning System is substantially equivalent to the
identified predicate device.
Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through a comparison of indication for use, design, and
technological characteristics, as well as performance evaluations.

None of the technological characteristics differences raised any new question of safety and effectiveness, therefore the
Precision AI Surgical Planning System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.