January 13, 2024

Clew Medical Ltd.
℅ Sheila Hemeon-Heyer
President
Heyer Regulatory Solutions
125 Cherry Lane
Amherst, Massachusetts 01002

Re: K233216
    Trade/Device Name: CLEWICU System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2210
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNL
    Dated: December 14, 2023
    Received: December 14, 2023

Dear Sheila Hemeon-Heyer:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233216 - Sheila Hemeon-Heyer                                                       Page 2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K233216 - Sheila Hemeon-Heyer                                                       Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                     Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233216

Device Name

CLEWICU System

Indications for Use (Describe)

CLEWICU provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of future hemodynamic instability.
CLEWICU is intended for use in hospital critical care settings for patients 18 years and over. CLEWICU is considered to
provide additional information regarding the patient’s predicted future risk for clinical deterioration, as well as identifying
patients at low risk for deterioration. The product predictions are for reference only and no therapeutic decisions should be
made based solely on the CLEWICU predictions.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K233216

                                    510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

A.   510(k) Applicant:    CLEW Medical, Ltd.
                        5 Hamelacha St.
                         Netanya
                                Israel 4206002

                            Contact: Avigdor Faians
                         Phone: +972-9-779-5995
                            Email: avi.f@clewmed.com

B.   Date Prepared:       January 12, 2024

D.   Device Name and Classification Information:
    Trade name:           CLEWICU System

   Common name:            Future Health Condition Prediction Software

     Classification name:        Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator

     Classification regulation:   21 CFR 870.2210

    Product Code:         QNL

     Class:                                    II

E.   Predicate Device(s):  K200717 CLEWICU System

F.   Device Description:

    The CLEWICU System  is a stand-alone analytical software product that includes the
     ClewICUServer and the ClewICUnitor.  It uses models derived from machine learning to
      calculate the likelihood of occurrence of certain clinically significant events for patients in
      hospital critical care settings including:

       •   Intensive Care Unit (ICU)
       •  Emergency Department’s (ED) Critical Care or Resuscitation area
       •  Post-Anesthesia Care Unit (PACU)
       •  Step-Down Unit
       •   Post-Surgical Recovery Unit
       •  Other Specialized Care Units (e.g., Cardiac Care Unit (CCU), Neurocritical Care Unit
         (NCU), High-dependency Care Unit (HDU)


Traditional 510(k) for CLEWICU                                        Page 1 of 5

K233216

        ClewICUServer and ClewICUnitor are software-only devices that are run on a user-provided
         server or cloud-infrastructure.

       The ClewICUServer is a backend software platform that imports patient data from various
        sources including Electronic Health Record (EHR) data and patient monitoring devices
        through an HL7 data connection. The data are then used by models operating within the
        ClewICUServer to compute and store the CLEWHI index (likelihood of hemodynamic
           instability requiring vasopressor / inotrope support), and CLEWLR (indication that the patient
           is at “low risk” for deterioration).

       The ClewICUnitor is the web-based user interface displaying CLEWHI, and CLEWLR
        associated notifications and related measures, as well as presenting the overall unit status.

   G.  Indications for Use Statement:

     CLEWICU provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of
        future hemodynamic instability. CLEWICU is intended for use in hospital critical care
        settings for patients 18 years and over. CLEWICU is considered to provide additional
        information regarding the patient’s predicted future risk for clinical deterioration, as well as
         identifying patients at low risk for deterioration. The product predictions are for reference
        only and no therapeutic decisions should be made based solely on the CLEWICU
        predictions.

   H.  Comparison with Predicate Device:

     Parameter            Predicate Device          Proposed Device      Comparison
                           K200717
Device Trade Name   CLEWICU System         CLEWICU System         Same
Device Manufacturer   CLEW Medical Ltd.       CLEW Medical Ltd.        Same
Classification         21 CFR 870.2210           21 CFR 870.2210         Same
regulation
Product Code       QNL                 QNL                  Same
Indications for Use    CLEWICU provides the     CLEWICU provides the         Different
Statement                clinician with physiological      clinician with physiological    See note a
                           insight into a patient’s          insight into a patient’s
                          likelihood of future              likelihood of future
                    hemodynamic instability.     hemodynamic instability.
                 CLEWICU is intended for    CLEWICU is intended for
                     use with intensive care unit   use in hospital critical care
                       (ICU) patients 18 years and    settings for patients 18 years
                         over. CLEWICU is          and over. CLEWICU is
                       considered to provide         considered to provide
                          additional information          additional information
                        regarding the patient’s        regarding the patient’s
                        predicted future risk for        predicted future risk for
                             clinical deterioration, as well    clinical deterioration, as well


    Traditional 510(k) for CLEWICU                                        Page 2 of 5

K233216

     Parameter            Predicate Device          Proposed Device      Comparison
                           K200717
                     as identifying patients at low   as identifying patients at low
                            risk for deterioration. The       risk for deterioration. The
                       product predictions are for     product predictions are for
                        reference only and no         reference only and no
                         therapeutic decisions should   therapeutic decisions should
                    be made based solely on the  be made based solely on the
                 CLEWICU predictions.      CLEWICU predictions.
Intended use         ICU patients ≥ 18 years         Critical care  patients ≥ 18   Different, see
population                                         years                        note a
Rx or OTC          Rx                     Rx                    Same
Product design          Analytical software product     Analytical software product   Same
                          that runs on user-provided     that runs on user-provided
                      hardware.                   hardware.
Model features          Original set of 80 features    Reduced set of 50 features     Different
                                                                  See note b

     I.   Discussion of Differences

   Note a: During the initial installations of CLEWICU, hospitals have requested to be able to use
   the software in other critical care areas of the hospital in addition to the ICU. Therefore, the
   intended use environment of the indications for use statement is being broadened to allow use in
     all critical care areas of the hospital. This change does not impact the safety or effectiveness of
  CLEWICU because; 1) CLEWICU is housed on a networked server and is accessible in multiple
   areas of the hospital; 2) the level of training and experience of clinical staff in all critical care areas
    of the hospital is expected to be similar; and 3) the installation and training activities for CLEWICU
    will be the same regardless of where the system will be used in the hospital.

   Note b:  The purpose of this 510(k) is to demonstrate that the clinical performance of the
  CLEWICU system meets the same statistical criteria established under the prior 510(k) (K200717)
    after training the CLEWHI and CLEWLR models on a reduced set of input data (features). See
   below for the data demonstrating that CLEWICU with the reduced input dataset meets the
   established performance  criteria  and,  therefore, does  not  impact  the  device  safety  or
   effectiveness.

    J. Summary of Data Submitted to Support Substantial Equivalence

   The following testing was submitted to support this 510(k):

   Software validation testing: Software development and testing was conducted in accordance with
   IEC 62304:2015-06 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes.

   Model validation testing:  A model validation study was conducted to demonstrate that the
  CLEWICU models continue to provide clinically acceptable performance after being re-trained


    Traditional 510(k) for CLEWICU                                        Page 3 of 5

K233216

using a reduced set of features, i.e., input dataset. This was a retrospective cohort study that
involved two separate health care systems, each evaluated independently. Data for patient stays
came from the University of Massachusetts eICU dataset (“UMass”, containing 6534 unique
patient stays) and from the MIMIC-III dataset (“Mimic", containing 5069 unique patient stays). The
models were exposed to the data from each patient stay in a temporal fashion from the start of
each patient’s stay through discharge. The models could generate notifications using only data
that would have been available up to each timepoint under consideration; they could not see
future data. Each notification was recorded with its timestamp.

The pre-defined performance criteria were the same as for the initial CLEWICU System:

   Primary endpoint:

   The target point estimate for sensitivity/TPR for the CLEWHI model is 60%.
   The target point estimate for the specificity/TNR for the CLEWLR model is 90%.

   Secondary endpoints:

   The target point estimate positive predictive value (PPV) for the CLEWHI model is 10%.
   The target point estimate sensitivity/TPR for the CLEWLR model is 25%.

Results:

CLEWHI Model:

    •  UMASS:  Sensitivity was 63% (95% CI: 59-67%), Specificity was 93% (95% CI: 93%-
      94%), and PPPV was 12% (95% CI: 11-14%)
    •  MIMIC:  Sensitivity was 69% (95% CI: 66 – 73%), Specificity was 87% (95% CI: 87%-
      88%), and PPV was 10% (95% CI: 9 – 11%)

CLEWLR Model:

    •  UMASS: Sensitivity was 47% (95% CI: 46.8 – 47.2) and Specificity was 90.5% (95% CI:
       89.6 – 91.4)
    •  MIMIC:  Sensitivity was 35.5% (95% CI 35.3 – 35.7) and Specificity was 90% (95% CI
       89.1 – 80.9)

The model validation test results demonstrate that the clinical performance of the CLEWICU
models continue to meet the pre-defined acceptance criteria after being trained with the reduced
input data set.

K.     Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)

This 510(k) implements a PCCP to allow the CLEW models to be trained and validated for new
input data sets following the same validation protocol and meeting the same performance
criteria as were used to validate the CLEWICU models described in this 510(k). Due to
differences in US hospital electronic medical record (EMR) systems and critical care patient
monitoring protocols, CLEW anticipates that the CLEWICU models may need to be trained for


Traditional 510(k) for CLEWICU                                        Page 4 of 5

K233216

hospitals that present: 1) reduced input data types or reduced frequency of data availability; or
2) additional input data types as compared to the models cleared under this 510(k). In addition,
the PCCP allows the CLEWICU models to be trained with new datasets, as they become
available, to increase the models’ sensitivity while maintaining or improving the models’
performance specifications.

New model development will follow the same CLEW protocols and procedures reviewed by FDA
under this 510(k) for both in-house training and testing and on-site system implementation and
validation. New model development will always follow the strict process that requires one
dataset for training and a different, completely independent, dataset for testing. Validation of
new models developed under this PCCP will use patient data from at least three geographically
diverse sites, and no one site’s data will contribute more than 50% to the total validation
dataset.

The validated new models must meet the same minimum required performance specifications
as the cleared CLEWICU models:

       For CLEWHI the required minimum sensitivity is 0.6 and PPV is 0.1.
       For CLEWLR the required minimum sensitivity is 0.25 fand SPC is 0.9.

New CLEWICU models may demonstrate improvement in the PPV/SPC, while the sensitivity
remains within previous performance level and the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval
of that measure to ensure that one or both improve after retraining. The PPV is dependent on
the event prevalence, and its target will be adjusted accordingly.

The modifications allowed under this PCCP will not change the device indications for use or
how the CLEWICU operates once the models are deployed at a hospital, including the user
interface and the criteria for raising a notification of a potential hemodynamic event or
determining that a patient is at low risk for a hemodynamic event, within the next 8 hours.

L.    Conclusion

The differences between the predicate and the subject device do not raise any new or different
questions of safety or effectiveness. The information and testing presented in this 510(k)
demonstrate that the CLEWICU System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device cleared
under K200717.


Traditional 510(k) for CLEWICU                                        Page 5 of 5