iSchemaView Inc.
Jim Rosa
SVP Quality and Regulatory
1120 Washington Ave., Ste 200
Golden, Colorado 80401

                                                                             April 22, 2024
Re: K233582
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, QIH
    Dated: March 18, 2024
    Received: March 19, 2024

Dear Jim Rosa:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233582 - Jim Rosa                                                                  Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233582

Device Name
Rapid


Indications for Use (Describe)
Rapid is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals, including but not limited to physicians
(medical analysis and decision making) and medical technicians (administrative case processing). The software runs on a
standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform image viewing,
processing, and analysis of images. Data and images are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices. Rapid is
indicated for use in Adults only.

Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging datasets acquired with CT, CT
Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), C-arm CT Perfusion and MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI)
Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI, CT, and C-arm CT).

Rapid C-arm CT Perfusion can be used to qualitatively assess cerebral hemodynamics in the angiography suite.

The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of hypodense and hyperdense tissue.

The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.

The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties of
changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and
tissue blood volume.

Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MR Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the selection of acute stroke patients
(with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery or proximal middle cerebral artery). Instructions for the
use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in Appendix A of the User’s Manual. Additional information for
safe and effective drug use is available in the product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug
labeling.

In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy, as assessed by
the physician, and have none of the following contraindications or exclusions:
• Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
• Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
• Presence of hemorrhage.
• C-Arm CTP is not to be used in the Rapid Thrombectomy indication for patient selection criteria, other modalities
should be consulted.

Cautions:
• C-Arm CTP provides qualitative data only, review other modalities prior to diagnosis. CBV and CBT are not absolute
and CBT, CBV, MTT and Tmax are supported for qualitative interpretation of the perfusion maps only.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

K233582

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
                             510(k) Summary
                      iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid. The content of this
summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).

Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington St., Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: 303-704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:       Rapid
     Common Name:   MIMPS – Medical image management and
                              processing system.
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:       Primary: LLZ, Secondary: QIH
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:

Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate devices:
       Primary: iSchemaView Rapid (K213165).

Previous Related FDA Submission:
      iSchemaView Rapid (K121447)
      iSchemaView Rapid (K172477)
      iSchemaView Rapid (K182130)
      iSchemaView Rapid (K213165)
      iSchemaView Rapid (K233512)

Device Description:
Rapid is a software package that provides for the visualization and study of changes in tissue
using digital images captured by diagnostic imaging systems including CT (Computed
Tomography) and MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance), as an aid to physician diagnosis.

                                       1

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
Rapid can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed online as a virtual system.
It provides viewing, quantification, analysis and reporting capabilities.
   Rapid works with the following types of (DICOM compliant) medical image data:
       •  CT (Computed Tomography)
       •  MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance)

   Rapid acquires (DICOM compliant) medical image data from the following sources:
       • DICOM file
       •  DICOM CD-R
       •  Network using DICOM protocol.

   Rapid provides tools for performing the following types of analysis:
       •   selection of acute stroke patients for endovascular thrombectomy
       •  volumetry of thresholded maps
       •  time intensity plots for dynamic time courses
       •  measurement of mismatch between labeled volumes on co-registered image
         volumes
       •   large vessel density.

Rapid is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of one or more Rapid Servers
(dedicated or virtual). The Rapid Server is an image processing engine that connects to a
hospital LAN, or inside the Hospital Firewall.  It can be a dedicated Rapid Server or a VM
Rapid appliance, which is a virtualized Rapid Server that runs on a dedicated server.
Rapid is designed to streamline medical image processing tasks that are time consuming and
fatiguing in routine patient workup. Once Rapid is installed it operates with minimal user
interaction. Once the CT [NCCT, CT, CTA, C-arm CT(CBCT)] or MR (MR, MRA) data are
acquired, the CT or MRI console operator selects Rapid as the target for the DICOM images, and
then the operator selects which study/series data to be sent to Rapid. Based on the type of
incoming DICOM data, Rapid will identify the data set scanning modality and determine the
suitable processing module. The Rapid Platform is a central control unit which coordinates
the execution image processing modules which support various analysis methods used in
clinical practice today:
   •  Rapid CTP/MRP/C-arm CTP, DWI, Dynamic Analysis (Original: K121447, Updated
       with K172477, K182130, K213165, K233512 and K233582)
   •  Rapid CTA (K172477)
   •  Rapid ASPECTS (K200760, K232156)
   •  Rapid ICH (K193087, K221456)
   •  Rapid LVO (K200941, K221248)
   •  Rapid NCCT Stroke (K222884)
   •  Rapid RV/LV (K223396)
   •  Rapid PETN (K220499)
   •  Rapid ANRTN (K230074)
   •  Rapid SDH (K232436)

                                       2

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
The iSchemaView Server is a dedicated server that provides a central repository for Rapid
data. All iSchemaView Server data is stored on encrypted hard disks.  It also provides a
user interface for accessing Rapid data. It connects to a firewalled Data Center Network and
has its own firewall for additional cyber/data security. The iSchemaView Server connects
to one or more Rapid Servers via WAN. Available types of connection include VPN
(Virtual Private Network - RFC2401 and RFC4301 Standards) Tunnel and SSH (Secure
Shell).

Indications for Use
Rapid is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals, including
but not limited to physicians (medical analysis and decision making) and medical technicians
(administrative case processing). The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a
virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform image viewing, processing, and
analysis of images. Data and images are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.
Rapid is indicated for use in Adults only.

Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging
datasets acquired with CT, CT Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), C-arm CT Perfusion
and MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module
(dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI, CT, and C-arm CT).

Rapid C-arm CT Perfusion can be used to qualitatively assess cerebral hemodynamics in the
angiography suite.

The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of hypodense and hyperdense tissue.

The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the analysis of
diffusion - weighted MRI data.

The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic imaging
data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes
calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.

Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MR Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the selection
of acute stroke patients (with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery or
proximal middle cerebral artery). Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this indication
can be found in Appendix A of the User’s Manual. Additional information for safe and
effective drug use is available in the product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR
contrast drug labeling.

In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for
thrombectomy, as assessed by the physician, and have none of the following contraindications
or exclusions:
    •  Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
    •   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
        inadequate.
    •   Presence of hemorrhage.

                                       3

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
    •  C-Arm CTP is not to be used in the Rapid Thrombectomy indication for patient selection
           criteria, other modalities should be consulted.
Caution:
    •  C-Arm CTP provides qualitative data only, review other modalities prior to diagnosis. CBV and
      CBT are not absolute and CBT, CBV, MTT and Tmax are supported for qualitative interpretation
         of the perfusion maps only.

Technological Characteristics:
Rapid performs the following functions:
   •  processes DICOM images from multiple sources to provide visualization of changes
       of tissue perfusion, diffusion and change.
   •  receives DICOM images from external DICOM image providers (modalities (CT/MRI
       Scanners), PACS and Workstations) and sends DICOM images to external image
      consumers.
   •  processes requests, statuses and results, and references therein, which are stored in a
       searchable database.
   •  processing status is available through a web browser using HTTP, HTML and PHP.
   •  can send summary results to the user over email. For this, Rapid generally connects to
       the infrastructure of the medical partner (e.g., the hospital). In particular, Rapid uses
      a SMTP protocol with security extensions to provide secure communications.
Rapid is available in the following configurations:
   •  Standard Rapid, which is installed directly on a customer's Linux-based server and
       integrated with medical image processing software such as commercial PACS.
   •  Virtual Rapid, wherein the user accesses Rapid online and uses it to process DICOM
      images otherwise available on his/her computer or in the cloud.
Rapid is a DICOM-compliant PACS software that provides comprehensive functionality to
transfer, process, and display modality specific imaging data. Rapid runs on standard "off-the­
shelf' computer and networking hardware. Rapid is entirely independent from CT, MRI, or
independent PACS platforms. It supports secure VPN (Virtual Private Network) networking or
encapsulated Secure Shell (SSH), and seamlessly integrates into an existing radiological data
network.

Clinical Characteristics:
The primary users of Rapid software are medical imaging professionals who analyze tissue using
conventional and C-arm CT or MRI images. The images generated by Rapid provide additional
diagnostic information, which is derived from the temporal/diffusion/density features of the
native CT or MRI images.
Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MRI can be used by physicians to select acute stroke patients
for endovascular thrombectomy. The recommended selection criteria are listed in the table
below. Patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy as assessed by the

                                      4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
physician. Rapid C-arm CT Perfusion can be used to assess cerebral hemodynamics in the
angiography suite.

Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   EN ISO 14971:2019    Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
    IEC 62304:2016       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
    IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
    IEC 81001-5-1         Health software and health IT systems safety, effectiveness and
                              security –Part 5-1: Security – Activities in the product life cycle

Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
iSchemaView conducted extensive phantom validation testing of the Rapid System for
characterizing the perfusion imaging performance of conventional CT and C-arm CT scanners.
The performance validation testing demonstrated that the Rapid system provides accurate
representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and
perturbations associated with the intended use of the software.
Additionally, iSchemaView conducted software verification and validation testing of the Rapid
system. Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the Rapid
system met all design requirements and specifications.

Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:
Rapid has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO
14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid System performance has been validated through the
use of phantoms and case data.

Substantial Equivalence:
The subject device, Rapid System, provides a new claim based on the comprehensive phantom
validation study for the use of C-arm CT scanners in the perfusion indication as a qualitative tool
to aid the physician in the angiography suite.
Table 1 below summarizes and compares data on the predicate and subject Rapid Systems. The
principles of operation of the subject device are the same as those of the predicate device. There
are no changes to the predicate Rapid System implementations that change the previously


                                       5

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
cleared features. The only difference between the subject and predicate Rapid Systems is the
addition of C-arm CT scanners for the perfusion indication of Rapid Core.
Phantom validation results between conventional CT and C-arm CT scanners for the perfusion
indication of Rapid Core are comparable with small biases in MTT (mean transit time) and Tmax
(time to the maximum of the residue function) which were expected due to the temporal
resolution difference in conventional and C-arm CT scanners.
The Rapid System does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the
predicate Rapid System (K213165) which does not include C-arm CT for perfusion imaging.
Therefore, the Rapid is substantially equivalent with respect to the intended use, technological
characteristics, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate device, Rapid
(K213165), from iSchemaView, Inc.
Cybersecurity:
Rapid has been designed and validated to the FDA Cybersecurity Guidance and IEC 81001-5-1.

Conclusion:
In conclusion, the iSchemaView Rapid is substantially equivalent in intended use, technological
characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate device,
Rapid (K213165).


                                       6

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
                                   Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison
  Parameter      Rapid (K213165) – Primary Predicate                   Rapid – Subject Device
  Product Code   LLZ, QIH                                             LLZ, QIH
  Regulation      21 CFR §892.2050                                   21 CFR §892.2050
  Intended Use/                 Rapid is an image processing software package to be used    Rapid is an image processing software package to be used  Indications for                 by trained professionals, including but not limited to        by trained professionals, including but not limited to
  Use                    physicians and medical technicians. The software runs on    physicians (medical analysis and decision making) and
                   a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform,       medical technicians (administrative case processing). The
                  such as VMware, and can be used to perform image          software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a
                   viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and          virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be used to
                  images are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging     perform image viewing, processing, and analysis of
                    devices.                                                   images. Data and images are acquired through DICOM
                                                                              compliant imaging devices. Rapid is indicated for Adults                 Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for                                                                                     only.                    functional and dynamic imaging datasets acquired with CT
                   Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), and MRI         Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for
                    including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a    functional and dynamic imaging datasets acquired with
                Dynamic Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced     CT, CT Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), C-arm
                  imaging data for MRI and CT).                    CT Perfusion and MRI including a Diffusion Weighted
                                                       MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module                The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of                                                                          (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI,                 hypodense and hyperdense tissue.                                                                    CT, and C-arm CT).
                The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion                                                                         Rapid C-arm CT Perfusion can be used to qualitatively                     properties from the analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI                                                                                     assess cerebral hemodynamics in the angiography suite.                      data.
                                                                   The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of                The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization                                                                         hypodense and hyperdense tissue.                 and analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties
                    of changes in contrast over time. This functionality         The DWI Module is used to visualize local water
                    includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow       diffusion properties from the analysis of diffusion -
                     (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.                       weighted MRI data.
                  Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-Perfusion can be used by   The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization
                     physicians to aid in the selection of acute stroke patients (with   and analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties
                known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery or     of changes in contrast over time. This functionality
                   proximal middle cerebral artery)                               includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow

                                                      7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
                      Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this indication      (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.
                   can be found in Appendix A of the User’s Manual.                                                                         Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MR Perfusion can be used                    Additional information for safe and effective drug use is                                                                     by physicians to aid in the selection of acute stroke                      available in the product-specific iodinated CT and                                                                                         patients (with known occlusion of the intracranial internal                   gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.                                                                                       carotid artery or proximal middle cerebral artery).
                     In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet     Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this
                     the clinical requirements for thrombectomy, as assessed by      indication can be found in Appendix A of the User’s
                     the physician, and have none of the following                 Manual. Additional information for safe and effective
                     contraindications or exclusions:                             drug use is available in the product-specific iodinated CT
                   •   Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.                and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.
                   •   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that                                                                                    In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must
                   make the scan technically inadequate.                                                                        meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy, as
                  •   Presence of hemorrhage.                                                                                  assessed by the physician, and have none of the following
                                                                                      contraindications or exclusions:
                                                                            •   Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
                                                                            •   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts
                                                                                                 that make the scan technically inadequate.
                                                                            •   Presence of hemorrhage.
                                                                            •  C-Arm CTP is not used in the Rapid Thrombectomy
                                                                                           indication for patient selection criteria, other
                                                                                       modalities should be consulted.
                                                                             Caution
                                                   CBV and CBT are not absolute and CBT, CBV, MTT and
                                                           Tmax are supported for qualitative interpretation of the
                                                                                   perfusion maps only.

  Basic PACS     Software package which interfaces to a PACS or allows     Same
  Functions       viewing within the application
  Computer        Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-Premises                 Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-Premises or Cloud
  Platform                                                                Hybrid
  Software       Mixed Traditional and AI/ML                       Same
 DICOM       Yes                                        Same
  Compliance

                                                      8

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
  Functional      Rapid is a software package that provides for the         Rapid is a software package that provides for the
  Overview        visualization and study of changes of tissue in digital       visualization and study of changes of tissue in digital
                 images captured by CT and MRI. Rapid provides viewing images captured by CT and MRI. Rapid provides
                and quantification.                                    viewing and quantification. C-Arm CT is for
                                                                                  qualitative assessment only.
  Data/Image    Computed Tomography (CT) via DICOM Format         Supported
  Types        C-Arm CT via DICOM Format (not supported in           Qualitative Imaging
                    predicate)
                 Magnetic Image Resonance (MRI) via DICOM Format    Supported

                  Diffusion Weighted Image (DWI)                       Supported  MRI
               Dynamic Analysis tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood    Supported
                 volume
            CT Perfusion (CTP)                                    Supported  CT
                CTA-large vessel density analysis                       Supported
  C-arm CT      C-arm CT Perfusion (C-arm CTP) – Not Supported       Supported via qualitative analysis

                    Isotropic DWI (isoDWI)                                Supported  Diffusion MRI
           ADC                                                  Supported
                 Trace of diffusion tensor (Trace)                         Supported
                   Fractional Anisotropy (FA) and color FA                 Supported
                  Cerebral blood flow (CBF)                              Supported  Perfusion MRI
                  Cerebral blood volume (CBV)                           Supported  and Perfusion
  CT          Mean transit time (MTT)                                 Supported
                  Tissue residue function time to peak (Tmax)              Supported
            CBF – Not Supported                                   Supported via qualitative analysis  Perfusion CCBV – Not Supported                                  Supported via qualitative analysis  arm CT
           MTT – Not Supported                                  Supported via qualitative analysis
              Tmax – Not Supported                                  Supported via qualitative analysis

                    Arterial input function (AIF)Venous output function       Supported  MRI and CT               (VOF)


                                                      9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
Section 11: 510(k) Summary
  Tools          Time-course                                           Supported
              Mask                                                  Supported
                Region of interest (ROI) and Volumetry                  Supported
                 Volumetric comparison between 2 ROIs                  Supported
                Motion correction                                      Supported
                 Export perfusion and diffusion files to PACS and DICOM Supported
                        file systems
                  Acquire, transmit, process, and store medical images      Supported
                   Selection of Patients meeting criteria for thrombectomy    Supported  Thrombectomy
                 Hyperdensity (Included)                               Supported NCCT
                 Hypodensity (Included)                               Supported


                                                     10