B-Secur Limited
Cameron Moore
Quality Assurance Manager
11th Floor, City Quays 3
92 Donegall Quay
Belfast, BT1 3FE
United Kingdom

Re: K233755
    Trade/Device Name: HeartKey® Rhythm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DPS
    Dated: July 19, 2024
    Received: July 22, 2024

Dear Cameron Moore:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233755 - Cameron Moore                                                           Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                      Kimberly N. Crowley -
                     S
                                               For: Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology, Diagnostics, and
                                           Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices

K233755 - Cameron Moore                                                           Page 3


                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233755

Device Name
HeartKey® Rhythm


Indications for Use (Describe)
HeartKey Rhythm is intended for use by qualified healthcare professionals for analysing ECG data from adults. HeartKey
Rhythm analyses a single ECG lead recorded from compatible devices used for arrhythmia diagnostics such as Holters,
Extended Holters, ECG Patches, Event Recorders, or other similar devices when assessment of the rhythm is necessary.

The HeartKey Rhythm application program interface (API) is intended to be integrated into other device software to
provide the following capabilities:

• ECG signal conditioning,
• ECG signal quality assessment,
• QRS beat detection,
• Ventricular ectopic beat detection,
• ECG rhythm analysis

HeartKey Rhythm is not intended for use in life supporting, or sustaining systems, or real-time ECG monitors, or cardiac
alarm devices, or OTC-use only devices. HeartKey Rhythm analysis results are not intended to be the sole means of
diagnosis. It is offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the physician’s
knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic information.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

510(k) Summary

Date Prepared:                 19 July 2024

Submitter/Applicant:             B-Secur Ltd
                                   City Quays 3
                              92 Donegall Quay
                                     Belfast
                         BT1 3FE
                                 United Kingdom

Official Contact:               Cameron Moore, Quality Assurance Manager

Primary Contact Person:        Cameron Moore
                                   Quality Assurance Manager, B-Secur Limited.
                                  Email: cameron.moore@b-secur.com
                                Phone: +44 (0)28 9568 5489

Secondary Contact Person:       Prabhu Raghavan
                                  Regulatory Consultant for B-Secur Limited.
                                  Email: prabhu@mdqr.solutions
                                Phone: 408-316-5707

Proprietary or Trade Name:      HeartKey® Rhythm

Common/Usual Name:            Electrocardiograph

Classification Name:           21CFR 870.1425
                     DQK – Programmable diagnostic computer
                                   Class II

Predicate Device:              K210822 – Medicalgorithmics S.A. - DeepRhythmAI

Device Description:
HeartKey Rhythm is intended to automatically analyse ECG data and provide ECG signal
processing and assessment of cardiac arrhythmias. The software processes the following types of
ambulatory ECGs:

          •  Standard Holter: Lead I, II, III electrode configuration using gel electrodes e.g.,
            Ag/AgCl,
          •  Patch: Modified Lead II, Lead III, sternum using gel electrodes e.g., Ag/AgCl

HeartKey Rhythm is capable of analysing both continuous ECGs as well as event recorders. The
device provides the following analysis:


                                                                          Page 1 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm


        Feature              Description
      ECG Signal           Signal Conditioning (SC): Reduce the noise artefact present in
         Processing Engine     the input ECG signal for physician review of NSR, AF and VE
        (SPE)                   beats.

                             Beat Detector (BD): Detect the QRS complexes of the input
                    ECG signal.

                               Signal Quality (SQ): Identify and classify the ECG segments'
                                 signal quality from the input ECG signal.
      ECG Arrhythmia     Rhythm Analysis:
         Analysis (AA)              Normal Sinus Rhythm
                                           Atrial Fibrillation
                                     Cardiac Pause
                                     Tachycardia
                                     Bradycardia
                                       Inconclusive
                                    Unreadable
                             Beat Analysis:
                                 Normal (N)
                                        Ventricular (V) Ectopic
                             Beat Clustering:
                                    Beat Cluster Template
                                    Beat Cluster Count
                          QRS Location
                                    Beat Classification
                              Heart Rate

The Software Library may be integrated into ECG management systems, ECG analysis platforms
or remote patient monitoring platforms. The filtered and enhanced ECG is not intended to be
used by other automated analysis algorithms.

Principle of Operation:
It is intended that the library is integrated into other software such as ECG management systems,
ECG analysis platforms or remote patient monitoring platforms. Such applications could be
written to run on a PC or server. All features are accessed via a documented rest application
programming interface (API).

HeartKey Rhythm analyses the input ECG using a combination of rules-based calculations and
AI / ML technology. The software is compiled and remains static, with no further modification
of the code carried out once deployed.


Indications for Use:
HeartKey Rhythm is intended for use by qualified healthcare professionals for analysing ECG
data from adults. HeartKey Rhythm analyses a single ECG lead recorded from compatible


                                                                          Page 2 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

devices used for arrhythmia diagnostics such as Holters, Extended Holters, ECG Patches, Event
Recorders, or other similar devices when assessment of the rhythm is necessary.

The HeartKey Rhythm application program interface (API) is intended to be integrated into other
device software to provide the following capabilities:

          •  ECG signal conditioning,
          •  ECG signal quality assessment,
          •  QRS beat detection,
          •   Ventricular ectopic beat detection,
          •  ECG rhythm analysis

HeartKey Rhythm is not intended for use in life supporting, or sustaining systems, or real-time
ECG monitors, or cardiac alarm devices, or OTC-use only devices. HeartKey Rhythm analysis
results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is offered to physicians and
clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the physician’s knowledge of ECG
patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic information.

Patient Population:
Adults.

Environments of use:
Home or hospital environment.


                                                                          Page 3 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

Table 3.1. outlines the proposed device vs. the predicate.

As part of the comparison, the following shall be presented & discussed:
    •   Indications for Use
    •  Technology and Principle of Operation
    •  Performance and Specifications

Table 3.1 is a comparison – Subject Device vs. the Predicate, K210822 – Medicalgorithmics
S.A. - DeepRhythmAl.

Note: The comparison to the predicate is based upon available technical specifications vs.
comparative testing.


                                                                          Page 4 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                          B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

                     Table 3.1 – Comparison – Subject vs. Predicate

                                  Predicate                    Subject device
                         DeepRhythmAl             HeartKey® Rhythm
K#                          K210822                   K233755
Product Code           DQK and DPS          DQK and DPS
CFR                             870.1425                      870.1425
Classification                        Class II                         Class II
                           21 CFR §870.1425             21 CFR §870.1425
Regulation Number(s)
                           21 CFR §870.2340             21 CFR §870.2340
Classification name             Programmable                 Programmable
                              Diagnostic Computer,            Diagnostic Computer,
                                Electrocardiograph               Electrocardiograph
                    DeepRhythmAI is a cloud-based   HeartKey Rhythm is intended
                          software for the assessment of    for use for signal processing and
                           cardiac arrhythmias using two    analysis of ambulatory ECGs. It
                          lead ECG data in adult patients.        is intended for non-active
                                         It is intended for use by a        patient monitoring or for nonIntended Use              healthcare solution integrator to   urgent clinical decision making.
                            build web, mobile or another
                             types of applications to let
                                  qualified healthcare
                               professionals review and
                          confirm the analytic result.
                         DeepRhythmAI is a         HeartKey Rhythm is intended
                           cloud-based software for the      for use by qualified healthcare
                                 assessment of            professionals for analysing ECG
                                cardiac arrhythmias           data from adults. HeartKey
                           using two lead ECG data in    Rhythm analyses a single ECG
                                    adult patients.            lead recorded from compatible
                                         It is intended for use by a        devices used for arrhythmia
                           healthcare solution integrator to     diagnostics such as Holters,
                            build web, mobile or another    Extended Holters, ECG Patches,
                             types of applications to let        Event Recorders, or other
Indications for Use              qualified healthcare         similar devices when assessment
                               professionals review and         of the rhythm is necessary.
                        confirm the analytic result. The      The HeartKey Rhythm
                          product supports downloading     application program interface
                            and analyzing data             (API) is intended to be
                                 recorded in the              integrated into other device
                            compatible formats from           software to provide the
                            dedicated ambulatory ECG       following capabilities: ECG
                                 devices such as            signal conditioning, ECG signal
                            Holter, event recorder, Mobile     quality assessment, QRS beat
                           Cardiac Telemetry or other       detection, Ventricular ectopic


                                                                         Page 5 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                          B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

                               similar devices when the         beat detection, ECG rhythm
                           assessment of the rhythm is                  analysis.
                                     necessary.               HeartKey Rhythm is not
                          The product can be             intended for use in life
                                electronically interfaced           supporting, or sustaining
                           and perform analysis           systems, or real-time ECG
                              with data transferred           monitors, or cardiac alarm
                      from other computer based ECG      devices, or OTC-use only
                             systems, such as an ECG         devices. HeartKey Rhythm
                          management system.         analysis results are not intended
                        DeepRhythmAI can be             to be the sole means of
                            integrated into medical devices.       diagnosis. It is offered to
                           In this case, the medical device    physicians and clinicians on an
                          manufacturer will identify the         advisory basis only in
                            indication for use depending on   conjunction with the physician’s
                            the application of their device.     knowledge of ECG patterns,
                    DeepRhythmAI is not for use in     patient background, clinical
                             life-supporting or sustaining       history, symptoms, and other
                        systems or ECG Alarm devices.       diagnostic information.
                              Interpretation results are not
                         intended to be the sole means of
                               diagnosis. It is offered to
                          physicians and clinicians on an
                              advisory basis only in
                         conjunction with the physician's
                        knowledge of ECG patterns,
                              patient background, clinical
                               history, symptoms and other
                               diagnostic information.
Level of
Concern/Documentation            Moderate                     Enhanced
Level
                        Software only: 1) A web API 2)   Software only: 1) A web API 2)
Components            An automated proprietary      An automated proprietary
                                     algorithm.                        algorithm.
                      Web application            Web application
Interface                   programming interface          programming interface
                                    (API)                          (API)
                            The automated                The automated
                              proprietary deep-learning        proprietary machine-learning
                                  algorithm, which                  algorithm, whichPart responsible                         measures and analyzes ECG      measures and analyzes ECGfor ECG signal                                  data to provide                    data to provideanalysis                                  qualified healthcare                qualified healthcare
                                  professional with                  professional with
                              supportive information            supportive information


                                                                         Page 6 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

                                        for review.                         for review.
                                        A single lead from one of the
                                                                         following leads: Number of leads                                                   Wet Electrode Lead I, II, and III for a received             Two lead ECG data                                                  Wet Electrode Modified Leads II
 ECG signal                                                                     and III
                                               Wet Electrode Sternum Lead
 Display or                      No primary display or         No primary display or Graphical User                            GUI                     GUI Interface (GUI)


Substantial Equivalence Discussion
HeartKey Rhythm has the same general intended use and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate Medicalgorithmics DeepRhythmAI,
K210822.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use
The indications for use for HeartKey Rhythm and the predicate Medicalgorithmics
DeepRhythmAI, K210822 both are rest API based software libraries which are intended to be
integrated into computer-based ECG systems. Both devices allow for the processing and
extraction of beats from an ECG signal, providing an accurate heart rate measurement, in an
ambulatory environment.

Both the proposed and the predicate allow for ECG rhythm analysis and beat classification. The
indications for use are substantially equivalent.

Environment of Use and Target Population
HeartKey Rhythm is intended for prescriptive use and for adults over 18. The predicate
DeepRhythmAl has the same environment of use and population.

Both HeartKey Rhythm and DeepRhythmAl are intended for use in a home or hospital
environment.


Technological Characteristics and Principles of Operation

HeartKey Rhythm is a library collection of callable functions that have been compiled into native
machine code of the computer on which they will execute. A rest application programming
interface (API) calls some or all the available functions within the library to securely exchange
information. This can be deployed to a variety of cloud platforms or to a virtual or physical
machine.

HeartKey Rhythm is intended to be integrated into different ECG platforms such as ECG
management systems, ECG analysis platforms or remote patient monitoring platforms.
Medicalgorithmics DeepRhythmAl software has the same intended use and users as the
predicate.

                                                                          Page 7 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm


HeartKey Rhythm provides the applications/platforms it is intended to be deployed in, with ECG
signal processing and beat extraction in order to provide a heart rate reading and arrhythmia
analysis to the device user. The predicate DeepRhythmAI (K210822) software assesses
ambulatory electrocardiogram (ECG) rhythms from adult subjects.

HeartKey Rhythm and DeepRhythmAI are based on the following technological characteristics:
    •   Process ECG signals
    •   Detect peaks in ECG signals
    •  Output heart rate measurements to the user
    •  Rhythm analysis
    •   Beat classification

HeartKey Rhythm and the predicate are substantially equivalent in relation to their technological
characteristics.

Non-clinical Testing

Nonclinical performance testing was conducted in compliance with the appropriate recognised
consensus standards, to demonstrate that HeartKey Rhythm satisfies its design and software
requirements as well as demonstrate that the ECG analysis performance is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device (DeepRhythmAI, K210822). Testing described in this 510(k)
consisted of verification of all design input requirements and product specifications. B-Secur
evaluated HeartKey Rhythm against a large independent proprietary set of ECGs and standard
databases, comparing its analysis output against a known reference. The proprietary dataset
included more than 1200 ECGs with approximately 25% females, 25% males and 50% gender
unknown, approximately 16% whites, 24% non-whites, and 60% race unknown, and
approximately 66% of ECGs recorded in the US. Performance testing included the evaluation of
metrics such as sensitivity, specificity, and positive predictive values. These outputs were
evaluated against a clinically relevant acceptance criteria to demonstrate HeartKey Rhythm’s
effectiveness. Unit, integration and system level testing conducted identified no residual
anomalies during verification software tests. Cybersecurity testing was conducted in which no
vulnerabilities were identified and all software requirements were satisfied. Overall, the software
verification & validation testing was completed successfully and met all requirements. Testing
demonstrated that the subject device performance was deemed to be acceptable.

Verification and validation testing was completed in compliance with the following
standards and guidance documents:

   •  ANSI/AAMI EC57:2012, Testing and Reporting Performance Results of Cardiac Rhythm
     And ST-Segment Measurement Algorithms.
   •  ANSI/AAMI/IEC 60601-2-47:2012, Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-47: Particular
       requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of ambulatory
       electrocardiographic systems.
   •  IEC 62304:2006+A1:2015, Medical device software – Software life cycle processes.


                                                                          Page 8 of 9

K233755                                                  Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                           B-Secur Limited, HeartKey® Rhythm

   •  IEC 81001-5-1:2022, Health software and health IT systems safety, effectiveness and
        security - Part 5-1: Security - Activities in the product life cycle.
   •  General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff
       (January, 2002)
   •  Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
       Premarket Submissions; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff (September, 2023)

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

In conclusion, HeartKey Rhythm has the same intended use as the predicate device, and any
differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness. Differences between the subject device and the predicate have been tested to
ensure that the device meets its intended use. Therefore, HeartKey Rhythm is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                          Page 9 of 9