March 29, 2024
Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
Hyeyi Park
Deputy General Manager/Strategic Business Dept.
4, 5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49 World Cup buk-ro 6-gil,
MAPO-GU SEOUL, KOREA, SOUTH

Re: K233211
    Trade/Device Name: AVIEW CAC
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, JAK
    Dated: February 23, 2024
    Received: February 26, 2024

Dear Hyeyi Park:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233211 - Hyeyi Park                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                             for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07131/2026
                   Indications for Use                        See PRA statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K233211

Device Name
AVIEWCAC


Indications for Use (Describe)
A VIEW CAC provides quantitative analysis of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries using non-contrast/non-gated
Chest er scans. It enables the calculation of the Agatston score for coronary artery calcification, segmenting and
evaluating the right coronary artery and left coronary artery. Also provide risk stratification based on calcium score,
gender, and age, offering percentile-based risk categories by established guidelines. Designed for healthcare professionals,
including radiologists and cardiologists, AVIEW CAC supports storing, transferring, inquiring, and displaying CT data
sets on-premises, facilitating access through mobile devices and Chrome browsers. AVIEW CAC analyzes existing noncontrast/non-gated Chest CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the age of 40. Also, the device's use
should be limited to er scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (e.g., GE Healthcare) equipment. Use
of the device with CT scans from other manufacturers has not been validated or recommended.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               IZJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, indudlng the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
         of this information collection, induding suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                             Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collecuon of
                              informauon unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number.•

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 ofl

                                                                                                                    2

K233211
                                               core:line

                            510(k) Summary

1 SUBMITTER

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
4,5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49 World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 03991, Republic of Korea.


Phone: 82.2.517.7321
Fax: 82.2.571.7324

Contact Person: Hyeyi. Park
Date Prepared: 03.28.2024

2 DEVICE

Name of Device: AVIEW CAC
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: QIH, JAK

3 PREDICATE DEVICE

AVIEW by Coraline Soft Co., Ltd. (K214036)

Name of Device: AVIEW
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: QIH, JAK

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

4 REFERENCE DEVICE

HealthCCSng by Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.(K210085)

Name of Device: HealthCCSng
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21CFR 892.1750)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: JAK


                                                                                                                      1

core:line

5 DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The AVIEW CAC is a software product that can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the interface from
various storage devices using DICOM 3.0, the digital image and communication standard in medicine. It also offers
functions such as reading, manipulation, analyzing, post-processing, saving, and sending images by using software tools.
And is intended for use as a quantitative analysis of CT scanning. It also provides a calcium score by automatically
analyzing coronary arteries from the segmented arteries.

6  INDICATIONS FOR USE

AVIEW CAC provides quantitative analysis of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries using non-contrast/non-gated
Chest CT scans. It enables the calculation of the Agatston score for coronary artery calcification, segmenting and
evaluating the right coronary artery and left coronary artery. Also provide risk stratification based on calcium score,
gender, and  age,  offering  percentile-based  risk  categories by  established  guidelines. Designed  for  healthcare
professionals, including radiologists and cardiologists, AVIEW CAC supports storing, transferring, inquiring, and
displaying CT data sets on-premises, facilitating access through mobile devices and Chrome browsers. AVIEW CAC
analyzes existing non-contrast/non-gated Chest CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the age of 40.
Also, the device's use should be limited to CT scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (e.g., GE
Healthcare) equipment. Use of the device with CT scans from other manufacturers has not been validated or
recommended.

7 COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH
  THE PREDICATE DEVCIE

AVIEW CAC has the same intended use and the principle of operation and has similar features to the predicate
devices. AVIEW (K214036)
There might be slight differences in features and menu, but these differences between the predicate device and
the proposed device are not so significant since they do not raise any new or potential safety risks to the user
or patient and questions of safety or effectiveness. Based on the results of software validation and verification
tests, we conclude that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.
      Characteristic            Subject Device            Predicate Device           Reference Device
      Device Name         AVIEW CAC           AVIEW            HealthCCSng
   Classification Name         Medical Image             Medical Image             Medical Image
                          Management and          Management and          Management and
                               Processing System           Processing System           Processing System
  Regulatory Number       21 CFR 892.2050          21 CFR 892.2050          21 CFR 892.1750
     Product Code             QIH, JAK                QIH, JAK               JAK
     Review Panel              Radiology                 Radiology                 Radiology
     510k Number                          -                   K214036                K210085
    Indications for use   AVIEW CAC
                  AVIEW CAC provides quantitative analysis of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries
                          using non-contrast/non-gated Chest CT scans. It enables the calculation of the Agatston
                           score for coronary artery calcification, segmenting and evaluating the right coronary artery
                        and left coronary artery. Also provide risk stratification based on calcium score, gender,
                        and age, offering percentile-based risk categories by established guidelines. Designed for
                            healthcare professionals, including radiologists and cardiologists, AVIEW CAC supports


                                                                                                                      2

core:line

                           storing, transferring, inquiring, and displaying CT data sets on-premises, facilitating
                        access through mobile devices and Chrome browsers. AVIEW CAC analyzes existing noncontrast/non-gated Chest CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the age
                         of 40. Also, the device's use should be limited to CT scans acquired on General Electric
                     (GE) or its subsidiaries (e.g., GE Healthcare) equipment. Use of the device with CT scans
                     from other manufacturers has not been validated or recommended.
               AVIEW
                AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets.
                       This software can be used to support the physician providing quantitative analysis of CT
                      images by image segmentation of sub-structures in the lung, lobe, airways, fissures
                        completeness, cardiac, density evaluation, and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to
                            store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set on-premises and as a cloud environment to
                       allow users to connect by various environments such as mobile devices and Chrome
                        browsers. Converts the sharp kernel to soft kernel for quantitative analysis of segmenting
                     low attenuation areas of the lung. Characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study or
                       over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type,
                          location of the nodule, and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated
                           effective diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the
                       average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU,
                     mass(mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures(Solid major;
                         length of the longest diameter measure in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule, Solid 2nd
                       Major: The  size of the longest diameter of the  solid  part, measured  in  sections
                        perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling
                          time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings.). The system
                         automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be
                        displayed and, integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer aided detection)
                      (K043617). It also provides the Agatston score, volume score, and mass score by the whole
                     and each artery by segmenting four main arteries (right coronary artery, left main coronary,
                               left anterior descending, and left circumflex artery). Based on the calcium score provides
               CAC risk based on age and gender. The device is indicated for adult patients only.
                 HealthCCSng
                  The HealthCCSng device is intended for use as a non-invasive post-processing
                      software to evaluate calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, which present a risk
                        for coronary artery disease. The software generates an estimated coronary artery
                     calcium detection category.
                  The HealthCCSng device analyzes existing non-cardiac-gated CT studies that
                      include the heart of adult patients above the age of 30. The device generates a threecategory output representing the estimated quantity of calcium detected together
                     with preview axial images of the detected calcium meant for informational
                     purposes only. The device output will be available to the radiologist as part of their
                      standard workflow. The HealthCCSng results are not intended to be used on a
                      stand-alone basis  for  risk  attribution,  clinical decision-making or otherwise
                      preclude clinical assessment of CT studies
General Description  AVIEW CAC
                    The AVIEW CAC is a software product that can be installed on a PC. It shows images
                        taken with the interface from various storage devices using DICOM 3.0, the digital image
                     and communication standard in medicine.  It also offers functions such as reading,
                        manipulation, analyzing, post-processing, saving, and sending images by using software
                            tools. And is intended for use as a quantitative analysis of CT scanning. It also provides a
                       calcium score by automatically analyzing coronary arteries from the segmented arteries.


                                                                                                                   3

core:line

               AVIEW
                    The AVIEW is a software product that can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken
                       with the interface from various storage devices using DICOM 3.0, the digital image and
                      communication  standard  in  medicine.  It  also  offers  functions  such  as  reading,
                        manipulation, analyzing, post-processing, saving, and sending images by using software
                            tools. And is intended for use as a quantitative analysis of CT scanning. It provides the
                        following features such as segmentation of lung, lobe, airway, fissure completeness, semiautomatic nodule management, maximal plane measure, 3D measures and volumetric
                        measures, automatic nodule detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. It also provides
                          the Brocks model, which calculates the malignancy score based on numerical or Boolean
                           inputs. Follow-up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize
                  Lung-RADS score, which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung cancer
                        screening CT reporting and management recommendations that are based on type, size,
                           size change, and other findings that are reported. It also provides a calcium score by
                         automatically analyzing coronary arteries from the segmented arteries
                  HealthCCSng
                     HealthCCSng product is a software device that automatically estimates the coronary artery
                       calcium category from non-cardiac-gated adult CT scans. The product is aimed to leverage
                          the high utilization of CT scans in the medical care environment (both inpatient and
                           outpatient), including lung cancer screening programs, in order to automatically detect
                           calcification in the coronary arteries of patients in an opportunistic manner.
                        Zebra’s HealthCCSng product analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm for
                          the automated detection and estimation of coronary calcium and outputs a result for review
                     by the radiologist. The device works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard of
                         care workflow. The final diagnosis is made by the radiologist after reviewing the scan
                        independently of the software. The device is intended for use by the radiologists as a nondiagnostic analysis software in conjunction with additional patient information and
                          professional judgment.
                     HealthCCSng receives a non-cardiac-gated CT study from the storage application, Zebra’s
                      Imaging Analytics Platform (IMA). For each CT study received, the software shall
                          validate there is at least one compliant series in which the entire heart is present, and
                       perform an analysis. For each compliant study, the software shall output:
                                 1.  Estimated Coronary Calcium Detection, based on the measurement of calcium
                                  deposits in the coronary arteries.
                                 2. A corresponding Estimated Coronary Calcium Detection Category, based on the
                                Estimated Coronary Calcium measurement.
                      IBM-compatible PC or PC
     Platform                                         same
                      network
   User Interface       Monitor, Mouse, Keyboard            same
                      Images  can  be  scanned,
                       loaded from card readers, or
Image Input Sources   imported     from      a           same
                         radiographic      imaging
                        device
   Image format           DICOM                   same                    same
                       Ruler    (line   and   3D),
                        Tapeline    (curve,    poly
                      and3D),  Angle   (3-point,
Image Measurement
                          4point,  and  3D),   pixel           same
       Tools
                          values,   area   of  ROI
                           (rectangle,  circle,  ellipse),
                     volume


                                                                                                                   4

core:line

                            Axial, sagittal, and coronal
    Image viewing      image, oblique  slice, cube           same
                        view
                          Panning, rotating, zooming,
                        windowing,       inverting,
  Image manipulation    Coloring,  Oblique,  Note           same
                               (text
                             overlay), Coloring
                          This receives DICOM data
                        from  CT  by  DICOM
                        communication   Conducts
                 DICOM               data
     DICOM                                         same
                        communication with PACS.
                                      It also imports DICOM file
                               directly,  saves  by  using
                           export function.
                                                            Extracting Calcium on
                           Extracting   Calcium   on     Coronary Artery and      Agatston equivalent CAC
                        Coronary    Artery    and    provides Agatston score,     risk category, based on the
                           provides Agatston score.       volume score and mass    Agatston method
      CAC                                                       score.
                          Automatically segments the
                         calcium area of the coronary
                                                       same           Not applicable
                             artery   based   on   deep
                             learning.
        Contrast                Non-contrast                Non-contrast                Non-contrast
                          Non-contrast/non-gated
   Supported CT scan                                       Cardiac CT         Non-Cardiac gated CT scan
                         Chest CT
                         MAYO-1999
                         SCCT/STR-2016
   Guideline and Risk                             MAYO-1999
                             UserCustom                                                                  -
        Percentile                                  SCCT/STR-2016
                            AMJ-2001
                          MESA-2006
                                     •  Connected       from
                            anywhere,    anyplace,
                              anytime.
                                     •  Supports  mobile view
   Thin client service        through various mobile           same
                              devices served by  ios
                           and Android.
                       Comparable  with Chrome
                         browser
    Easy processing      Rule-based      automatic
                                                       same
     management        processing server (APS)

8 PERFORMANCE DATA

8.1 Nonclinical Performance Testing

This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release. Additionally,
there was no clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is equivalent to the predicate


                                                                                                                      5

core:line

device. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing.
8.2 Software Verification and Validation

Verification, validation and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and
reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined
Pass/Fail criteria.
     -   Unit Test
       Conducting Unit Test using Google C++ Unit Test Framework on major software components identified by
        software development team. List of Unit Test includes Functional test condition for software component unit,
       Performance test condition, and part of algorithm analysis for image processing algorithm.

     -  System Test
        In accordance with the document ‘integration Test Cases’ discussed in advanced by software development team
       and test team, test is conducted by installing software to hardware with recommended system specification.
       Despite Test case recognized in advance was not in existence. New software error discovered by ‘Exploratory
        Test’ conducted by test team will be registered and managed as new test case after discussion between
       development team and test team.
       Discovered software error will be classified into 3 categories as severity and managed.
         ✓  Major defects, which are impacting the product’s intended use and no workaround is available.
         ✓  Moderate defects, which are typically related to user-interface or general quality of product, while
                   workaround is available.
         ✓  Minor defects, which aren’t impacting the product’s intended use. Not significant.
       Success standard of System Test is not finding ‘Major’, ‘Moderate’ defect.

     -   Regression Test
       Regression test aims to ensure the quality and stability of the product by reconfirming the proper
       functioning of existing features through the selection of either all or specific test cases that have been
       previously executed.

     -   Performance Test

          •  Performance test on Chest CT
        ➢  This test comprised two distinct components. First, we evaluated the agreement in
                  coronary calcium scoring between the subject device and the ground truth. Second, we
                    investigated the concordance in coronary calcium scoring between the subject device and
                    the predicate device. We used a total of 150 CSCT (gated) cases and a total of 150 Chest
             CT (non-gated) cases and assess the performance of AVIEW CAC in measuring coronary
                  calcium using the Agatston Score on non-contrast chest CT scans. Also, the device’s
                 performance was validated with GE CT.
                           •  Performance testing results

                                          Ground Truth                          Predicate
                                 ICC (95% CI)     p-value(>0.8)     ICC (95% CI)      p-value(>0.8)
                            Total    Total    0.896(0.857,0.925)         <.001           0.939(0.916,0.956)          <.001
                                                      I (n=150) i--------------1LCA    I  0.927(0.899,0.947)-----+-----------+-------------+-------<.001           0.955(0.938,0.968)          <.001
                       RCA    0.840(0.778,0.884)         <.001           0.887(0.844,0.918)          <.001


                                                                                                                      6

core:line

          • MI functionality test report
        ➢  Using the 280 datasets collected from multiple institutions, the correlation coefficient
                 between the AVIEW CAC automatic analysis results of the chest CT based on the heart
             CT and the Agatston scores was over 90%, indicating reliability in evaluating Agatston
                   scores for chest CT images.


9 CONCLUSIONS

The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics,
general functions, application, and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new
scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it
is our opinion that the AVIEW CAC described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.


                                                                                                                      7