Avicenna.AI
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th St. NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20005

                                                                 March 13, 2024
Re: K233968
    Trade/Device Name: CINA-iPE
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: December 15, 2023
    Received: December 15, 2023

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233968 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Review
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233968

Device Name
CINA-iPE


Indications for Use (Describe)

CINA-iPE is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in patients undergoing
contrast-enhanced CT scans (not dedicated CTPA protocol) for other clinical indications than pulmonary embolism
suspicion, including at least a part of the lung. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained
radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating suspected positive findings for incidental Pulmonary
Embolism (iPE). The device is indicated for adults and transitional adolescents (18 to 21 years old but treated as adults).

CINA-iPE uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected incidental PE on a
standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with
notifications for cases with suspected incidental PE findings.The device is not designed to detect PE in subsegmental
arteries.

Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and are not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used
as a diagnostic device.

The results of CINA-iPE are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible
for reviewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K233968                                  510(K) SUMMARY

                             AVICENNA.AI’s CINA-IPE

Submitter

        Applicant:
            AVICENNA.AI
               ZI Athelia, 297 Av. du Mistral Bât. A,
            13600 La Ciotat France

       Contact Person:
             Stephane Berger
              Regulatory Manager
             Phone: +33 6 12 12 28 13
               E-mail: stephane.berger@avicenna.ai

      Date prepared: March 12, 2024

Device Identification

        Name of Device:         CINA-iPE
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer aided triage and
                                           notification software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II
            Classification Panel:      Radiology

Predicate Device

The CINA-iPE device is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device with regard to
indications for use, performance, and technological characteristics:

            510(k):               K213886
          Trade Name:             BriefCase
           Manufacturer:            Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II

Device Description

CINA-iPE is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software device.

CINA-iPE runs on a standard “off the shelf” server/workstation and consists of an Image Processing
Application, which can be integrated, deployed, and used with the CINA Platform (cleared under
K200855) or other medical image communications devices. CINA-iPE receives contrast-enhanced CT
scans (not dedicated CTPA protocol) including at least a part of the lung identified by the CINA
Platform or other medical image communications device, processes them using deep learning
algorithms involving the execution of multiple computational steps to identify the suspected presence
of an incidental pulmonary embolism and generates results files to be transferred by CINA Platform or
a similar medical image communications device for output to a PACS system or workstation for worklist
prioritization.

To identify the suspected presence of pulmonary embolisms, the device uses a deep learning model
trained end-to-end on 5,429 cases acquired from US and France, representing a distribution of PE
sizes, locations and acquisition protocols, including multiple scanner models from Siemens, Philips,
GE and Canon/Toshiba. Additional models are used to locate the aorta and main pulmonary artery,
enabling assessment of the contrast timing. The lung’s parenchyma is segmented to evaluate both
the presence of the lungs in the field of view and to limit the region of interest for detecting the presence
of pulmonary embolisms.

DICOM images are received, recorded and filtered before processing. The series are processed
chronologically by running algorithms on each series to detect suspected positive findings of an
incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE), then active notifications on the flagged series are sent to the
Worklist Application.

The Worklist Application displays the active notification of new studies with suspected findings when
they come in. All the contrast-enhanced CT studies received by CINA-iPE device are displayed in the
worklist and those on which the algorithms have detected a suspected finding are marked with an icon
(i.e., passive notification). In addition, a compressed, grayscale, unannotated image that is marked
“not for diagnostic use” is displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for
informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification.

Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier triage by allowing prioritization of images
in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would have been the case in the
standard of care image interpretation practice alone.

The CINA platform is an example of medical image communications platform for integrating and
deploying the CINA-iPE image processing application. The medical image communications device
(i.e., the technical platform) provides the necessary requirements for interoperability based on the
standardized DICOM protocol and services to communicate with existing systems in the hospital
radiology department such as CT modalities or other DICOM nodes (DICOM router or PACS for
example). It is responsible for transferring, storing, converting formats, notifying of suspected findings
and displaying medical device data such as radiological data. The medical image communications
server includes the Worklist client application in which notifications from the CINA-iPE Image
Processing application are received.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

CINA-iPE is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in patients
undergoing contrast-enhanced CT scans (not dedicated CTPA protocol) for other clinical indications
than pulmonary embolism suspicion, including at least a part of the lung. The device is intended to
assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating
suspected positive findings for incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE). The device is indicated for adults
and transitional adolescents (18 to 21 years old but treated as adults).

CINA-iPE uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
incidental PE on a standalone application  in  parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected incidental PE findings.
The device is not designed to detect PE in subsegmental arteries.

Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical
image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of CINA-iPE are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians
are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.

Summary of Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

       Software Verification and Validation Testing

CINA-IPE complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) – Developed by
the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association. NEMA PS
3.1 - 3.20.

Avicenna.AI conducted extensive performance validation testing and software  verification and
validation testing of the CINA-IPE device as standalone software. CINA-IPE is tested against its user
needs and intended use by the successful execution of planned software verification and validation
testing included in this submission.

Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the CINA-IPE met all
design requirements and specifications associated with the intended use of the software.

       Standalone Performance Testing

Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational and blinded study with the CINA-iPE
application with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying incidental
pulmonary embolisms (iPE) on contrast-enhanced CT images performed for another clinical indication
than for pulmonary embolism (PE) evaluation (i.e. not dedicated CTPA protocol), in 381 clinical
anonymized cases. The dataset included 53.5% Male and 46.7% Female. Mean ± SD age of patients
included in the study was 64.5 ± 15.8 yo (range: 18 - 99 yo).

Multiple subgroups of interest were considered in the analysis. In fact, the validation data was acquired
from different regions across the U.S. to account for race/ethnicity in the intended U.S. patient
population. Additional scanner parameters considered were slice thickness, number of detector rows,
and kVp ranges. Detailed subgroup analysis were reported in the labeling.

The data was provided from multiple U.S. and OUS clinical sites, with 56.4% (215) cases coming from
U.S. clinical sources. The independence of the standalone validation dataset from the training data
was ensured using data from independent sites and different time periods. There were 181 (47.5%)
positive iPE (images with PE) cases and 200 (52.5%) negative iPE cases included in the analyses.
The data was acquired primarily by 4 different scanner makers (GE-31.5%, Philips-28.3%, Siemens-
26%, and Canon-13.9%) and 39 different scanner models.

Device  Sensitivity [95% CI] and  Specificity [95% CI] were computed against the groundtruth
established by consensus of three US-board-certified expert radiologists.

As a primary endpoint, the global Sensitivity and Specificity were found to be 87.8% [95%CI: 82.2% -
92.2%] and 92.0% [95%CI: 87.3%  - 95.4%], respectively. These findings achieved the 80%
performance goal of the study and are similar to the results reported for the predicate BriefCase device
(Aidoc Medical) which demonstrated Sensitivity and Specificity of 89.7% [95%CI: 80.8% - 95.5%] and
90.1% [95%CI: 81.5% - 95.6%], respectively.

Additionally, subgroup analysis was reported in terms of sensitivity [95%CI] for each lesion location
(main, interlobar, lobar and segmental) as presented in the following Table:

      Table 1: Stratified statistical analysis (Sensitivity [95%CI]) regarding arterial segments.
                                                            Sensitivity                      Arterial Segment                                             [95% CI]

                    Main                    96.3%
                     (N = 55)                [87.5% - 99.6%]

                        Interlobar                  94.5%
                     (N = 73)                [86.6% - 98.5%]

                      Lobar                    92.9%
                    (N = 127)               [87.0% - 96.7%]

                   Segmental                 88.3%
                    (N = 179)               [82.6% - 92.6%]

Please note that cases with more than one PE location were included in more than one category (e.g.,
a case with a main and a lobar PE was included in the “main” category and in the “lobar” category)
Finally, the CINA-iPE prioritization and triage effectiveness were evaluated by the standalone percase processing time of the device (time-to-notification). The results are presented in Table 2 below:

Table 2: Time-to-Notification for CINA-iPE Image Processing Applications
         Time-to-Notification                         MEAN ± SD  MEDIAN  95% CI   MIN    MAX             (minutes)

             CINA-iPE
                   All cases                 1.5 ± 0.5       1.4      [1.4 - 1.5]   0.3       2.7
             (N = 381)

             CINA-iPE
         True Positive cases            1.5 ± 0.4       1.5      [1.4 - 1.6]   0.7       3.1
             (N = 159)

The mean [95% CI] time-to-notification for all included cases (n = 381) was estimated to be 1.5 [95%
CI: 1.4 – 1.5] minutes for CINA-iPE. When taking into account only true positive cases (n = 159), the
mean [95% CI] time-to-notification was 1.5 [95% CI: 1.4 – 1.6] minutes for CINA-iPE and 4.7 [95% CI:
4.4 – 5.1] minutes for the predicate device.

The performance testing of the CINA-iPE device establishes that the subject device is as safe and
effective as the predicate device and compatible with the same clinical use, since the performance
demonstrated the clinical effectiveness of the subject device and  its ability to provide effective
prioritization and triage that was substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device. This
establishes that the CINA-iPE device achieves its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the
predicate BriefCase device.

Substantial Equivalence

The subject CINA-iPE and the predicate BriefCase device are both intended to aid in prioritization and
triage of radiological images of time sensitive findings for patient detection and diagnosis  (i.e.,
incidental Pulmonary Embolism) based on the analysis of medical images acquired from radiological
signal acquisition systems. The CINA device provides the CINA Platform in which the subject CINAiPE prioritization and triage application can be integrated, deployed and used. The labeling of the
subject and the predicate devices clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use. All devices
are software packages with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, and
incorporate deep learning AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and
to display unannotated preview images. In all three devices, the labeling instructs the user to further
evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

The subject CINA-iPE and the predicate BriefCase device operate in parallel to the standard of care
workflow in the sense that they do not change the original image, do not provide any marking on the
output preview, and do not remove images from the standard of care FIFO queue; thus, not disturbing
standard interpretation of the images by the attending radiologists. The subject and predicate devices
achieve performance of the time-to-notification metric in similar ranges of time, and thus contribute
similarly to effective triage and early involvement of the radiologist in evaluating suspected images of
incidental pulmonary embolism.
The standalone performance and effectiveness assessment studies demonstrated that the CINA-iPE
device performs as intended and substantially equivalent to the BriefCase predicate device.

The table below compares the key features of the subject and the predicate devices.

Table 3: Comparison of key features between CINA-iPE and the predicate device (Aidoc Medical
                                                Ltd)
              Subject device: CINA-iPE Software  Predicate device: BriefCase Software
                                               (K213886)
Intended Use  CINA-iPE is a radiological computer-   BriefCase is a radiological computer
/ Indications    aided triage and notification software   aided triage and notification software
                indicated for use in patientsfor Use                                                indicated for use in the analysis of
              undergoing contrast-enhanced CT                                                   contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not              scans (not dedicated CTPA protocol)
                                                   dedicated CTPA protocol) in adults or                   for other clinical indications than
              pulmonary embolism                     transitional adolescents age 18 and
                suspicion, including at least a part of    older. The device is intended to assist
                the lung. The device is intended to      hospital networks and appropriately
                 assist hospital networks and trained    trained medical specialists in workflow
                 radiologists in workflow triage by                                                           triage by flagging and communication of
                flagging and communicating                                                  suspect cases of incidental Pulmonary              suspected positive findings for
                                             Embolism (iPE) pathologies. The device                 incidental Pulmonary Embolism
                 (iPE). The device is indicated for         is intended to be used on single energy
                adults and transitional adolescents    exams only.
               (18 to 21 years old but treated as
                  adults).                             BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                                                      algorithm to analyze images and flag
             CINA-iPE uses an artificial                                                  suspect cases on a standalone desktop
                 intelligence algorithm to analyze                                                         application in parallel to the ongoing             images and highlight cases with
                                                   standard of care image interpretation.               detected incidental PE on a
               standalone application in parallel to   The user is presented with notifications
                the ongoing standard of care image     for suspect cases. Notifications include
                  interpretation. The user is presented   compressed preview images that are
                with notifications for cases with                                            meant for informational purposes only
              suspected incidental PE findings.                                            and not intended for diagnostic use            The device is not designed to detect                                             beyond notification. The device does not           PE in subsegmental arteries.
                                                               alter the original medical image and is
                                                     not intended to be used as a diagnostic                 Notifications include compressed
               preview images that are meant for      device.
                informational purposes only and are
               not intended for                  The results of BriefCase are intended to
                diagnostic use beyond notification.                                            be used in conjunction with other patient
            The device does not alter the original                                                       information and based on their               medical image, and it is
                                                       professional judgment, to assist with               not intended to be used as a
                diagnostic device.                         triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                          Notified clinicians are responsible for
            The results of CINA-iPE               viewing full images per the standard of
               are intended to be used in              care.
                conjunction with other patient
                information and based on
                professional judgment to assist with
                   triage/prioritization of medical

Subject device: CINA-iPE Software  Predicate device: BriefCase Software
                                               (K213886)
              images. Notified clinicians are
                 ultimately responsible for reviewing
                      full images per the standard of care.
User           Radiologist                            Appropriately trained medical specialists
population
Anatomical    Chest or exams including at least a    Chest
region of        part of the lung
interest
Data          Contrast-enhanced CT scans (not     Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (but not
acquisition     dedicated CTPA protocol) containing   dedicated CTPA protocol)
protocol         at least a part of the lung
View DICOM  DICOM information about the       DICOM information about the patient,
data             patient, study and current image       study and current image
Segmentatio   No; device does not mark, highlight,   No; device does not mark, highlight, or
n of region of   or direct users’ attention to a specific   direct users’ attention to a specific
interest         location in the original image           location in the original image
Algorithm        Artificial intelligence algorithm with       Artificial intelligence algorithm with
              database of images                 database of images
Notification /   Yes                           Yes
Prioritization
Preview        Presentation of a compressed,         Presentation of a low-quality,
images         grayscale, unannotated image that is  compressed grayscale preview image
             marked “not for diagnostic use” is       that is captioned “Not for diagnostic use”.
               displayed as a preview function.
Alteration of   No                         No
original
image
Removal of    No. The device operates in parallel    No. The device operates in parallel with
cases from     with the standard of care, which        the standard of care, which remains the
worklist        remains the default option for all        default option for all cases.
queue         cases.
Structure       -iPE image processing application    -AHS module/Orchestrator (image
                      - Compatibility of use with the CINA     acquisition).
               Platform device (worklist and Image     - ACS module (image processing).
               Viewer) or other medical image           - Aidoc Worklist application for workflow
              communications device,                integration (worklist and non-diagnostic
                                                     basic Image Viewer).

Conclusion

CINA-iPE and BriefCase have  the same intended use and  substantially  similar  indications,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation.  The following  is a summary of the
substantial equivalence comparison:

     -  The predicate device is legally marketed.
     -   CINA-iPE has the same intended use as the predicate device, i.e., Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s
       BriefCase, and therefore it may be found substantially equivalent.
     -   CINA-iPE and the predicate device have very similar indications for use.
     -   CINA-iPE has similar technological characteristics as the predicate and reference devices, i.e.,
       the deployment of an artificial intelligence algorithm with a database of images.
     -   Standalone performance study demonstrates that the CINA-iPE and the predicate BriefCase
        raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely, accurate detection of
        findings within the processed study.

Accordingly, the subject CINA-iPE device is substantially equivalent to the predicate BriefCase device.