March 8, 2024
Beacon Biosignals, Inc.
Delphine Lemoine
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22 Boston Wharf Road
7th Floor, Unit 41
Boston, Massachusetts 02210


Re: K233438
    Trade/Device Name: SleepStageML
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1400
    Regulation Name: Electroencephalograph
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLZ
    Dated: February 9, 2024
    Received: February 9, 2024

Dear Delphine Lemoine:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233438 - Delphine Lemoine                                                          Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K233438 - Delphine Lemoine                                                          Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                         Patrick
                                  Antkowiak -S

                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

Submission Number (if known)
 K233438

Device Name
 SleepStageML


Indications for Use (Describe)
 SleepStageML is intended for assisting the diagnostic evaluation by a qualified clinician to
 assess sleep quality from level 1 polysomnography (PSG) recordings in a clinical
 environment in patients aged 18 and older.
 SleepStageML is a software-only medical device to be used to analyze physiological signals
 and automatically score sleep stages. All outputs are subject to review by a qualified
 clinician.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                 Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 1 of 7


Submitter

Name: Beacon Biosignals, Inc.
Contact Person: Delphine Lemoine
Address: 22 Boston Wharf Road, 7th floor, Unit 41, Boston MA, 02210
Telephone: +33 159068311
Date Submitted: October 13, 2023

Subject Device

Trade Name: SleepStageML
Common Name: SleepStageML
Product Code: OLZ
Regulatory Class: II (21 C.F.R. 882.1400)
Review Panel: Neurology
Predicate Device: Sleep Profiler (K153412, Advanced Brain Monitoring, Inc.)
Reference Device: SomnoMetry (K221179, Neumetry Medical Inc.)

Device description

SleepStageML is an Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML)-enabled software-only
medical device that analyzes polysomnography (PSG) recordings and automatically scores
sleep stages. It is intended for assisting the diagnostic evaluation by a qualified clinician to
assess sleep quality in patients aged 18 and older.
Qualified clinicians (also referred to as clinical users) such as sleep physicians, sleep
technicians, or registered PSG technologists (RPSGTs) who are qualified to review PSG
studies, provide PSG recordings in European Data Format (EDF) file format through a
secure file transfer system to Beacon Biosignals. SleepStageML automatically analyzes the
provided PSG recording and return an EDF file containing the original PSG recording with
software-generated sleep stage annotations (i.e., Wake (W), non-REM 1 (N1), non-REM 2
(N2), non-REM 3 (N3), and REM (R)) back to the clinical user. The EDF files containing PSG
signals as well as sleep stage annotations are referred to as EDF+. The returned EDF+ files
can then be reviewed by the qualified clinicians via the users’ PSG viewing software. The
recordings processed by SleepStageML are level-1 PSG recordings obtained in an attended
setting in accordance with American Association of Sleep Medicine (AASM)
recommendations with respect to minimum sampling rate, electroencephalography (EEG)
channels, and EEG locations. SleepStageML only uses the EEG signals in provided PSGs
and does not consider electromyography (EMG) or electrooculography (EOG) signals
when performing sleep staging. The sleep stage outputs of SleepStageML are intended to
be comparable to sleep stages as defined by AASM guidelines. SleepStageML software
outputs are subject to qualified clinician’s review.
The intended patients for PSG studies include those who are suspected of having, or have
been diagnosed with, a sleep or sleep-related disorder. This could include sleep disordered
breathing, insomnia, periodic limb movement disorder, narcolepsy, hypersomnia, or other
parasomnias.
SleepStageML uses a deep learning algorithm based on convolutional neural networks,
which was trained on a large and diverse set of PSG recordings with sleep staging labels.

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 2 of 7


The recordings used for development were collected from a variety of sources containing a
wide range of patient demographics and clinical sites for robust performance.

Indication for Use

SleepStageML is intended for assisting the diagnostic evaluation by a qualified clinician to
assess sleep quality from level 1 polysomnography (PSG) recordings in a clinical
environment in patients aged 18 and older.
SleepStageML is a software-only medical device to be used to analyze physiological signals
and automatically score sleep stages. All outputs are subject to review by a qualified
clinician.

Indication for Use Comparison and Technological
    Characteristics Comparison

SleepStageML uses an automated algorithm that performs signal preprocessing and
categorizes each epoch as one of the defined sleep stages using a machine learning
classifier. It has similar intended use and indications for use as the predicate device Sleep
Profiler (K153412, Advanced Brain Monitoring, Inc.). The predicate device does not explicitly
mention the use of AI/ML, therefore, SomnoMetry (K221179, Neumetry Medical Inc.), which
does use a similar AI/ML-based algorithm for staging sleep, was added as the reference
device. Verification and validation methods utilized to evaluate safety and efficacy of
SleepStageML were consistent with methods used for evaluating the predicate and
reference devices. Software documentation was provided as recommended in FDA
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
Devices” dated June 14th, 2023, and the pivotal clinical validation study confirmed that the
SleepStageML AI/ML software performance was substantially equivalent to that of the
predicate device.

                  Subject device        Predicate Device      Reference Device     Comparison of
                                                                                  TechnologicalElement         SleepStageML        Sleep Profiler        SomnoMetry                                                                                         Characteristics
                                       (K153412)            (K221179)

                   Class II, OLZ,           Class II, OLZ,           Class II, OLZ,         Same.
               Automated Event     Automated Event     Automated Event
                  Detection Software for Detection Software for Detection Software for
Classification
                Polysomnograph with Polysomnograph with Polysomnograph with
                  Electroencephalograph Electroencephalograph Electroencephalograph


                SleepStageML is       Sleep Profiler is      SomnoMetry is          Similar.
                  intended for assisting  intended for use for    intended for use for
                                                                            SleepStageML only                  the diagnostic         the diagnostic         the diagnostic
                                                                                                  assists a qualified                   evaluation by a        evaluation by a        evaluation by a
                                                                                                      clinician in assessing                     qualified clinician to    physician to assess     physician to assess
                                                                                       sleep staging and does                  assess sleep quality    sleep quality and score sleep quality and as an
                                                                                 not include outputs                from level 1            sleep disordered       aid for the diagnosis of
                                                                                           related to sleep                polysomnography     breathing events in    sleep and respiratorydisordered breathing.                (PSG) recordings in a  adults only. The Sleep related sleep disorders
                       clinical environment in  Profiler is a software-   in adults only.
Indication for use                     patients aged 18 and only device to be used SomnoMetry is a
                     older. SleepStageML is under the supervision  software-only medical
                 a software-only        of a clinician to analyze device to be used to
                  medical device to be   physiological signals   analyze physiological
                used to analyze      and automatically      signals and
                   physiological signals   score sleep study      automatically score
                and automatically       results; including the   sleep study results,
                  score sleep stages. All  staging of sleep,       including the staging
                      outputs are subject to     detection of arousals,  of sleep, AHI, and
                     review by a qualified      snoring and sleep      detection of sleepclinician.               disordered breathing  disordered breathing

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 3 of 7


                                       events (obstructive    events including
                                        apneas, hypopneas    obstructive apneas.  It
                                   and respiratory event   is intended to be used
                                           related              under the supervision
                                             arousals). Central and of a clinician in a
                                   mixed apneas can be   clinical environment.
                                       manually marked        All automatically
                                           within the records     scored events are
                                                                 subject to verification
                                                     by a qualified clinician.

                  Adults only (≥ 18 years Adults only           Adults only              Similar.
                   old)
                                                                            SleepStageML is
                                                                                      cleared for individuals
Patient                                                                                      18 years and older,
population                                                                             while the predicate and
                                                                                      reference devices are
                                                                                      cleared for individuals
                                                                                          adults 22 years and
                                                                                                 older.

                American Academy of American Academy of American Academy of Same.
Sleep staging
                  Sleep Medicine scoring Sleep Medicine scoring Sleep Medicine scoring
guidelines
                manual and guidelines. manual and guidelines. manual and guidelines.

                   Professional Healthcare Professional Healthcare Professional Healthcare Same.
Environment of    Facility                   Facility                   Facility
use


Score sleep      Yes                 Yes                 Yes                 Same.
staging

               Automated algorithm  Automated algorithm A broad array of signal Same.
                   that performs signal   which spectrally       processing, data
                                                                            SleepStageML utilizes                  preprocessing and    decomposes the EEG  indexing, conventional
                                                                           machine learning and                  categorizes each        signal, computes      machine learning and
                                                                        deep learning in aAlgorithm       epoch as one of the    descriptors of sleep   deep learning
                                                                                                   similar fashion asdescription       defined sleep stages   macro- and           algorithms/approaches
                                                                                      predicate and                  using a machine       microstructure, and    are applied to the raw
                                                                                      reference devices.                   learning classifier.      categorizes each       signals to derive
                                   epoch as one of the    actionable clinical
                                        defined sleep stages    insights.

                 User requires a        Sleep Profiler will     Web-based software  The subject device
                computer with access  operate on any        operates in the cloud   requires that the user
                  to the internet to      personal computer    with Windows, Mac    has a computer to
                  provide original PSG   with Windows XP     OS, or Linux           send/receive EDFs
                  recordings in EDF files operating system and                       to/from Beacon
                  to and receive returned at least 2 GB of RAM.                           Biosignals. The
Physical        EDF+ files with added The speed by which a                        predicate and
Characteristics    software-generated   study will process is                          reference devices are
                   sleep stage          dependent on the                           software that are
                  annotations from     computer processor                             directly operated by
               Beacon Biosignals via  and the amount of                           the user.
                  the provided secure  RAM
                          file transfer system.

                 Software operates    The person installing   User authentication     Similar.
                   within infrastructure   the Java applet must   with strong password,
                                                                            SleepStageML                   that requires user     have administrator     authorization, end to
                                                                                  operates within                   authentication,          privileges.           end SSL encryption,
                                                                                              infrastructure that                  encryption of data at-                       access controls,
                                      User must have rights                      implements                    rest and in-transit,                         checksum, networkCybersecurity                           to the account and                           cybersecurity               checksum verifications,                   and database controls,
                                    group to access data                      measures similar to the                and access controls.                            intrusion prevention
                                             via the portal                             measures implemented                                                              system, and
                                                                                                for the predicate and
                                   The firewall is not      anonymization.                                                                                      reference devices.
                                        configured to prevent
                                          input or output

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 4 of 7


                                    communication with
                                       access to the server via
                                         ports 22 and 30-29

                   Includes PCCP that   No PCCP          No PCCP              Predicate and
                   allows for update of                                                 reference devices do
                  the signal                                                       not include a PCCP.
Predetermined
                   preprocessing,
Change Control
                machine learning
Plan (PCCP)
                 model, probability
                   post-processing, and
                    signal quality check.


Summary of Tests

Beacon Biosignals conducted the necessary non-clinical testing and clinical validation
testing of SleepStageML with results supporting the determination of substantial
equivalence. Activities that were conducted included the following:
    •  Software verification testing which included software code reviews, automated
        testing, acceptance testing, labeling review, cybersecurity and data protection,
      which confirmed that all software requirements are developed as expected.
    •  Design validation testing which simulated the intended use to confirm that the endto-end functionality of SleepStageML meets the design requirements.
    •  Study that utilized clinical data to demonstrate automatic scoring sleep study
       performance.
    •  Design traceability confirming that all requirement tracing is complete from design
       inputs to verification/validation and that all risk controls are implemented and
        effective.

Non-Clinical Tests

Support for the substantial equivalence of SleepStageML was provided by requirements
verification, risk management and software testing, at the unit, integration, and system
levels. Unit and integration tests verify the functionality for individual software parts; and
system-level integration tests cover each specified requirement. System level tests were
defined with detailed protocols and objective pass/fail criteria and were clearly
documented with test execution results for review. SleepStageML passed all unit,
integration, and system level testing demonstrating that all requirements were verified and
validated.

Clinical Validation Test

The efficacy of SleepStageML was established through a retrospective pivotal validation
study using previously collected clinical polysomnography (PSG) recordings from a
representative set of 100 patients. Recordings for inclusion in the validation data set were
randomly selected from three level 1 clinical PSG data sources and were required to (1)
have all EEG channels recommended by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine
(AASM), (2) have EEG sampling rates between 128 and 512Hz, (3) have a recording
duration between 4 and 24 hours, and (4) be from patients of least 18 years of age, The
included patients spanned a variety of ages (between 19 and 83), were balanced across sex
(46 female and 54 male) and were stratified across clinical apnea categories (25 patients in
each category, normal (AHI < 5), mild (5 ≤ AHI < 15), moderate (15 ≤ AHI < 30), and severe
(AHI > 30)).
Each PSG recording was manually and independently sleep staged by three (3) registered
PSG technologists (RPSGTs) each with at least 5 years of experience in clinical scoring of

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 5 of 7


sleep studies. To ensure that the sleep staging outputs obtained from the experts were of
sufficient quality, several data-quality and consistency checks were performed.
SleepStageML software performance was evaluated against the expert consensus sleep
stages that were constructed using 2/3 majority scoring (i.e., the stage per epoch where at
least 2 of the 3 experts agree).
Objective performance targets and acceptance criteria of positive agreement (PA),
negative agreement (NA), and overall agreement (OA) were predefined to demonstrate
non-inferiority to the identified predicate device, Sleep Profiler (K153412). These metrics
were computed for all 30-second epochs that had an expert consensus sleep stage
(excluding epochs where all 3 RPSGTs disagreed) after pooling across all recordings in the
study.
Table 1 shows the SleepStageML clinical performance results as compared to the predicate
reported results. Comparing the 95% bootstrapped confidence intervals and mean values
to the reference values indicates that SleepStageML is non-inferior to the predicate device.
Therefore, the results confirm that the positive, negative, and overall agreement
performances of SleepStageML are substantially equivalent to those of Sleep Profiler
(K153412), respectively.

TABLE 1: SLEEPSTAGEML CLINICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS

                 SleepStageML vs 2/3 Consensus Sleep Staging Sleep Profiler (K153412) vs 2/3 Consensus
                Performance                                Sleep Staging Performance

                          Percent Agreement (%) with 95%
               N=100                               N=43    Point-estimate of Percent
Sleep Staging              percentile bootstrap confidence
                  subjects                                       subjects Agreement (%)
Comparisons                interval (N=5000 resamples)

                            Overall      Positive    Negative             Overall     Positive   Negative
                   Total                                          Total
                       Agreement Agreement Agreement         Agreement Agreement Agreement
                Epochs                                  Epochs
                       (OA)       (PA)       (NA)              (OA)      (PA)      (NA)

                           96.1%       88.9%      98.5%
    W         21,668                                       7,424   89%      73%      94%                           (95.4%,      (86.5%,      (98.2%,
                         96.8%)      91.2%)      98.8%)

                        94.5%      58.4%      96.2%
       N1         3,877                                              1,752   89%      25%      93%                            (93.7%,      (54.2%,      (95.4%,      scoring                      95.2%)      62.4%)      96.9%)

                           87.1%       79.8%      94.2%
      N2        42,587                                          12,582   81%      77%      84%                            (85.9%,      (77.7%,      (93.2%,       consensus                      88.3%)      81.8%)      95.0%)
  2/3                     92.9%      93.0%      92.9%
    using  N3         6,210    (91.8%,93.8%)      (89.8%,95.7%)       (91.7%,93.9%)      4,704   91%      76%      94%

     R           12,641    (96.7%,      (91.5%,      (97.3%,     3,749   95%      74%      97%     epochs                     97.3%       93.1%      98.0%
                         97.9%)      94.5%)      98.6%)

                            Multi-stage      Overall   Total      86,983  Agreement: —                          31,361  —
                       84.02%

     No
                  2,289  —                                          1,150   —
      Consensus

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 6 of 7


Conclusion

Non-Clinical verification, validation, and clinical validation testing were conducted in
accordance with FDA guidance recommendations to confirm the device design meets all
specifications and user needs. SleepStageML has passed all software verification and
validation tests and its clinical validation testing results demonstrated effective
performance and non-inferiority to predicate device’s performance. It is therefore
concluded that SleepStageML is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Predetermined Change Control Plan

SleepStageML includes an authorized Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) that
allows for planned updates of the machine learning software device function (ML-DSF) and
non-ML algorithmic components to improve sleep staging performance within the existing
intended use and indications for use. This PCCP allows for the modification of the
algorithmic components of SleepStageML including the signal preprocessing, machine
learning model, postprocessing, or signal quality check to achieve increased sleep staging
performance. The four modifications are summarized in Table 2 below.

TABLE 2: SUMMARY OF PCCP MODIFICATIONS

 #   Modification         Description

  1   Update of Machine   SleepStageML’s sleep staging neural network may be modified for the
      Learning Model      purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the intended
                         use population by:

                                  •   Retraining with an updated training/tuning dataset
                                  •   Retraining with updated hyper-parameters, loss function,
                                  optimizer
                                  •   Retraining with updated model selection criteria
                                  •   Retraining with an updated neural network architecture with
                                       limitations on model size and type

 2   Update of Signal     SleepStageML’s EEG signal preprocessing may be modified for the
      Preprocessing       purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the intended
     Steps              use population by:

                                  •   Updating the parameters of the digital signal processing steps
                                             (e.g., filtering) applied to the EEG signals before being input to
                                  the machine learning model

 3   Update of           SleepStageML’s probability postprocessing may be modified for the
      Probability          purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the intended
      Postprocessing      use population by:

                                  •   Updating the methods by which sleep stages are generated
                              from the model output sleep stage probabilities

 4   Update of Signal     SleepStageML’s signal quality check component may be modified for
      Quality Check       the purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the
                          intended use population by:

                                  •   Updating the criteria/thresholds used to check that the input
                         EEG signals are analyzable


Modifications 1 and 2 above would trigger re-training of the machine learning model, while
modifications 3 and 4 would not trigger re-training of the machine learning model.
The testing of any modification to SleepStageML within the scope of the PCCP will include
comprehensive software verification and validation testing, including repeating all unit,
integration, and system level tests performed in the development for the original

510(K) SUMMARY              Page 7 of 7


SleepStageML software. All software verification tests linked to requirements and
specifications must pass for a modification to be considered valid. In addition, clinical
performance validation will also be repeated and will require that the performance of any
modification to SleepStageML to be non-inferior in per-stage performance metrics to both
the original SleepStageML device and its predicate device. In addition, the performance of
any modification to SleepStageML must also be non-inferior to the best performance
among released versions of SleepStageML with respect to the multi-stage agreement. The
acceptance criteria for the clinical performance validation are summarized in the Table 3
below, as well as the modifications for which each criterion is required to pass.

TABLE 3: SUMMARY OF PCCP CLINICAL VALIDATION ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA

                                                                             Modifications that
 Acceptance Criteria                                                         require passing
                                                                                        this criterion

 The per-stage overall, positive, and negative agreements of the modified             1, 2, 3, 4
 SleepStageML, as compared to human expert consensus, is non-inferior to
 both the Original SleepStageML and the predicate device for full overnight
 recordings.

 The percentage of human scorable recordings that are unanalyzable by the   4
 updated SleepStageML is less than or equal to a predefined threshold.

 The per-stage overall, positive, and negative agreements of the modified             1, 2, 3, 4
 SleepStageML, as compared to human expert consensus, is non-inferior to
 both the Original SleepStageML and the predicate device for 2-hour
 recording segments.

 The per-stage overall, positive, and negative agreements of the modified             1, 2, 3, 4
 SleepStageML, as compared to human expert consensus, is non-inferior to
 both the Original SleepStageML and the predicate device for recordings with
 the minimum number of AASM recommended EEG channels.

 The overall multi-stage agreement (across all 5 sleep stages) of the modified      1, 2, 3, 4
 SleepStageML is non-inferior to the highest overall multi-stage agreement
 across all released versions of SleepStageML.


Upon a release of an updated version of SleepStageML based on this PCCP,
communication will be sent to all external clinical users of SleepStageML, informing them
that a new version of SleepStageML is available, with a description of the release and its
updated performance.