iSchemaView, Inc.
Jim Rosa
SVP Regulatory and Quality
1120 Washington Ave.
Suite 200
Golden, CO 80401

                                                                        January 16, 2024
Re: K233512
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid (6.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: December 26, 2023
    Received: January 12, 2024

Dear Jim Rosa:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.
Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233512 - Jim Rosa                                                                  Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
Device Name
Rapid (6.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Rapid is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals,including but
not limited to physicians and medical technicians. The software runs ona standard off-the-shelf
computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform image viewing,
processing and analysis of images. Data and images are acquired through DICOM compliant
imaging devices.
Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging datasets
acquired with CT Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), and MRI including a Diffusion Weighted
MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for
MRI and CT).
The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of hypodense and hyperdense tissue.
The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the analysis of diffusion -
weighted MRI data.
The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic imaging data,
showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of
parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.
Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the selection of
acute stroke patients (with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery or proximal
middle cerebral artery)Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in
Appendix A of the User’s Manual. Additional information for safe and effective drug use is available
inthe product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.
In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for
thrombectomy, as assessed by the physician, and have none of the following contraindications or
exclusions:
+ Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
+ Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate
+ Presence of hemorrhage
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K233512


                                   510(k) Summary
                           iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid Platform. The content
of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington St., Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:        January 12, 2024
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:       iSchemaView Rapid Platform
     Common Name:    PACS – Picture Archiving Communications
                          System
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:       Primary: QIH, Secondary: LLZ
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate devices:
       Primary: iSchemaView Rapid (K213165)
Previous Related FDA Submission:
      iSchemaView Rapid (K121447) – Initial Rapid Clearance

Device Description:
   Rapid is a software package that provides for the visualization and study of changes in
    tissue using digital images captured by diagnostic imaging systems including CT
   (Computed Tomography) and MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance), as an aid to physician
    diagnosis. Rapid can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed online as a
    virtual system. It provides viewing, quantification, analysis and reporting capabilities.
   Rapid works with the following types of (DICOM compliant) medical image data:


                                  Page 1 of 7

•  CT (Computed Tomography)
   •  MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance)

Rapid acquires (DICOM compliant) medical image data from the following sources:

   • DICOM file
   •  DICOM CD-R
   •  Network using DICOM protocol.

Rapid provides tools for performing the following types of analysis:

   •   selection of acute stroke patients for endovascular thrombectomy
   •  volumetry of thresholded maps
   •  time intensity plots for dynamic time courses
   •  measurement of mismatch between labeled volumes on co-registered image
      volumes
   •   large vessel density

Rapid is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of one or more Rapid Servers
(dedicated or virtual) in on-premises or hybrid (on-premises/cloud) configurations. The
Rapid Server is an image processing engine that connects to a hospital LAN, or inside
the Hospital Firewall in the on-premises configuration or in conjunction with a secure
link to the cloud in the hybrid configuration.  It can be a dedicated Rapid Server or a VM
Rapid appliance, which is a virtualized Rapid Server that runs on a dedicated server.
Rapid is designed to streamline medical image processing tasks that are time consuming and
fatiguing in routine patient workup. Once Rapid is installed it operates with minimal user
interaction. Once the CT (NCCT, CT, CTA) or MR (MR, MRA) data are acquired, the CT or
MRI console operator selects Rapid as the target for the DICOM images, and then the
operator selects which study/series data to be sent to Rapid. Based on the type of incoming
DICOM data, Rapid will identify the data set scanning modality and determine the suitable
processing module. The Rapid platform is a central control unit which coordinates the
execution image processing modules which support various analysis methods used in
clinical practice today:

•  Rapid CTP/MRP, DWI, Dynamic Analysis (Original: K121447, Updated with K172477;
   and K182130)
•  Rapid CTA (K172477)
•  Rapid ASPECTS(K190395)
•  Rapid ICH (K193087, K221436)
•  Rapid LVO (K200941, K221248)
•  Rapid PETN (K220499)
•  Rapid RVLV (K223396
•  Rapid NCCT Stroke (K222884)
•  Rapid ANRT (K230074)
•  Rapid SDH (K232436)


                               Page 2 of 7

The iSchemaView Server is a dedicated server that provides a central repository for Rapid
data.  All iSchemaView Server data is stored on encrypted hard drives within the hospital
infrastructure.  It also provides a user interface for accessing Rapid data. It connects to a
firewalled Data Center Network and has its own firewall for additional cyber/data security.
The iSchemaView Server connects to one or more Rapid Servers via WAN. Available types
of connection include VPN (Virtual Private Network - RFC2401 and RFC4301 Standards)
Tunnel and SSH (Secure Shell).
Indications for Use:
   Rapid is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals,
   including but not limited to physicians and medical technicians. The software runs on
   a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be
   used to perform image viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and images
    are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.
   Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic
   imaging datasets acquired with CT Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), and
  MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis
   Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI and CT).
   The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of hypodense and hyperdense
    tissue.
   The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the
    analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.
   The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic
   imaging data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality
   includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood
   volume.
   Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the
    selection of acute stroke patients (with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid
    artery or proximal middle cerebral artery)
    Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in Appendix A of
    the User’s Manual. Additional information for safe and effective drug use is available in
    the product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.
    In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for
   thrombectomy, as assessed by the physician, and have none of the following
    contraindications or exclusions:
   •  Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
   •   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
       inadequate
   •  Presence of hemorrhage


                                  Page 3 of 7

Technological Characteristics:
Rapid performs the following functions:
   •  processes DICOM images from multiple sources to provide visualization of changes
       of tissue perfusion, diffusion and change.
   •  receives DICOM images from external DICOM image providers (modalities (CT/MRI
       Scanners), PACS and Workstations) and sends DICOM images to external image
      consumers.
   •  processes requests, statuses and results, and references therein, which are stored in a
       searchable database.
   •  processing status is available through a web browser using HTTP, HTML and PHP.
   •  can send summary results to the user over email. For this, Rapid generally connects to
       the infrastructure of the medical partner (e.g., the hospital). Rapid uses a SMTP
       protocol with security extensions to provide secure communications.
Rapid is available in the following configurations:
   •  Standard Rapid, which is installed directly on a customer's Linux-based server and
       integrated with medical image processing software such as commercial PACS.
   •  Virtual Rapid, wherein the user accesses Rapid online and uses it to process DICOM
      images otherwise available on his/her computer.
Rapid is a DICOM-compliant PACS software that provides comprehensive functionality to
transfer, process, and display modality specific imaging data. Rapid runs on standard "offthe­ shelf' computer and networking hardware. Rapid is entirely independent from CT, MRI,
or independent PACS platforms. It supports secure VPN (Virtual Private Network)
networking or encapsulated Secure Shell (SSH), and seamlessly integrates into an existing
radiological data network.
Clinical Characteristics:
The primary users of Rapid software are medical imaging professionals who analyze tissue
using CT or MRI images. The images generated by Rapid provide additional diagnostic
information, which is derived from the temporal/diffusion/density features of the native CT or
MRI images.
Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MRI can be used by physicians to select acute stroke patients
for endovascular thrombectomy. The recommended selection criteria are listed in the table
below. Patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy as assessed by the
physician.

Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   EN ISO 14971:2019    Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   IEC 62304:2016       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
   IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices

                                  Page 4 of 7

NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
Additionally, iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software
verification and validation testing of the Rapid system. This performance validation testing
demonstrated that the Rapid system provides accurate representation of key processing
parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and perturbations associated with the
intended use of the software. Software performance, validation and verification testing
demonstrated that the Rapid system met all design requirements and specifications.
Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:
Rapid has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO
14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid System performance has been validated with
phantom and case data.

Substantial Equivalence:
Rapid is as safe and effective as the previously cleared Rapid (K213165) with an extension of
installation in a hybrid configuration (on-premises and hybrid). Rapid has the same intended
use and similar indications, technological characteristics and principles of operation as its
predicate devices. Rapid raises no new issues of safety or effectiveness compared to Rapid
(K2131650), as demonstrated by the testing conducted with Rapid. Thus, Rapid Platform v6.0
software is substantially equivalent.
  Parameter    Rapid Platform v6                     Rapid (K213165) Primary Predicate
  Product Code  LLZ, QIH                               LLZ, QIH
  Regulation     21 CFR §892.2050                     21 CFR §892.2050

  Intended Use/   iSchemaView's Rapid is an image         iSchemaView's Rapid is an image  Indications for
                  processing software package to be used     processing software package to be used
  Use               by trained professionals, including but     by trained professionals, including but
                  not limited to physicians and medical       not limited to physicians and medical
                    technicians. The software runs on a         technicians. The software runs on a
                  standard off-the-shelf computer or a        standard off-the-shelf computer or a
                     virtual platform, such as VMware, and       virtual platform, such as VMware, and
                 can be used to perform image viewing,     can be used to perform image viewing,
                  processing and analysis of images. Data     processing and analysis of images. Data
                and images are acquired through          and images are acquired through
            DICOM compliant imaging devices.     DICOM compliant imaging devices.
               The iSchemaView Rapid provides both    The iSchemaView Rapid provides both


                                  Page 5 of 7

viewing and analysis capabilities for       viewing and analysis capabilities for
functional and dynamic imaging            functional and dynamic imaging
datasets acquired with CT/CBCT            datasets acquired with CT/CBCT
Perfusion (CTP/CBCTP), CT              Perfusion (CTP/CBCTP), CT
Angiography (CTA), and MRI            Angiography (CTA), and MRI
including a Diffusion Weighted MRI        including a Diffusion Weighted MRI
(DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis    (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis
Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced      Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced
imaging data for MRI and CT).            imaging data for MRI and CT).
The CT analysis includes NCCT maps     The CT analysis includes NCCT maps
showing areas of hypodense and          showing areas of hypodense and
hyperdense tissue.                       hyperdense tissue.
The DWI Module is used to visualize      The DWI Module is used to visualize
local water diffusion properties from the     local water diffusion properties from the
analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI        analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI
data.                                          data.
The Dynamic Analysis Module is used     The Dynamic Analysis Module is used
for visualization and analysis of             for visualization and analysis of
dynamic imaging data, showing           dynamic imaging data, showing
properties of changes in contrast over       properties of changes in contrast over
time. This functionality includes            time. This functionality includes
calculation of parameters related to          calculation of parameters related to
tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood      tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood
volume.                                volume.
Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-         Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MRPerfusion can be used by physicians to aid    Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid
in the selection of acute stroke patients         in the selection of acute stroke patients
(with known occlusion of the intracranial      (with known occlusion of the intracranial
internal carotid artery or proximal middle      internal carotid artery or proximal middle
cerebral artery)                                cerebral artery)
Instructions for the use of contrast agents      Instructions for the use of contrast agents
for this indication can be found in              for this indication can be found in
Appendix A of the User’s Manual.          Appendix A of the User’s Manual.
Additional information for safe and           Additional information for safe and
effective drug use is available in the           effective drug use is available in the
product-specific iodinated CT and             product-specific iodinated CT and
gadolinium-based MR contrast drug          gadolinium-based MR contrast drug
labeling.                                        labeling.
In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria,      In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria,
patients must meet the clinical                 patients must meet the clinical
requirements for thrombectomy, as           requirements for thrombectomy, as
assessed by the physician, and have none of   assessed by the physician, and have none of
the following contraindications or             the following contraindications or
exclusions.                                   exclusions.
Contraindications/Exclusions:                Contraindications/Exclusions:


                    Page 6 of 7

•   Bolus Quality: absent or                •   Bolus Quality: absent or
                               inadequate bolus.                           inadequate bolus.
                         •   Patient Motion: excessive               •   Patient Motion: excessive
                             motion leading to artifacts                  motion leading to artifacts
                                    that make the scan technically                  that make the scan technically
                                inadequate.                                  inadequate.
                         •   Presence of hemorrhage               •   Presence of hemorrhage
  Basic PACS    Software package which interfaces to a    Same  Functions             PACS or allows viewing within the
                   application
  Computer       Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-        Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: Hybrid (onPlatform        Premises                                    premises/cloud)
  Software         Traditional Coding for platform              Traditional Coding for platform
 DICOM      Yes                              Yes
  Compliance
  Functional     Rapid is a software package that        Same
  Overview      provides for the visualization and study
                  of changes of tissue in digital images
                 captured by CT and MRI. Rapid
                 provides viewing and quantification.
              The base Platform provides common
                  services to the imaging modules

  Data/Image    Computed Tomography (CT) via       Same
  Types      DICOM Format
                Magnetic Image Resonance (MRI) via   Same
           DICOM Format

Conclusion:
In conclusion, the iSchemaView Rapid is substantially equivalent in intended use, technological
characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate devices,
Rapid (K213165).


                                  Page 7 of 7