Therapanacea SAS                                                                   April 22, 2024
℅ Bhairavi Ajachandra
QARA Manager
7 bis boulevard Bourdon
Paris, 75004
FRANCE

Re: K234068
    Trade/Device Name: ART-Plan (v.2.2.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: December 22, 2023
    Received: December 22, 2023

Dear Bhairavi Ajachandra:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K234068 - Bhairavi Ajachandra                                                         Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK234068
Device Name
 ART-Plan (v.2.2.0)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 ART-Plan's indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has been
 prescribed.  In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is available.

 ART-Plan is not intended to be used for patients less than 18 years of age.

 The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiotherapists,
 radiation oncologists, medical physicists, dosimetrists and medical professionals involved in the
 radiation therapy process.

 The indicated use environments are, but not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health facility
 involved in radiation therapy.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   r   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k)#: K234068    510(k) Summary         Prepared on: 2024-04-18

Contact Details


Applicant Name: Therapanacea SAS

Applicant Address: 7 bis boulevard Bourdon Paris 75004 France

Applicant Contact Telephone: +33620604982

Applicant Contact: Mrs. Bhairavi AJACHANDRA

Applicant Contact Email: b.ajachandra@therapanacea.eu

Device Name


Device Trade Name: ART-Plan (v.2.2.0)

Common Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system

Classification Name: System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment

Regulation Number: 892.5050

Product Code: MUJ

Legally Marketed Predicate Devices


 Predicate #       Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)     Product Code
 K232479         ART-Plan                                  MUJ

Device Description Summary


   ART-Plan is a software platform allowing users with an account to contour regions of
   interest on 3D images, perform multi-model registration of images, and help in the
   decision for the need for replanning based on contours and doses on daily images. It
   includes several modules:

    •  Home,
    •   Annotate,
    •   SmartFuse,
    •   AdaptBox,
    •   Administration,
    •  About

ART-Plan asks the user to work by project. It is necessary to create a "project" entity
in the Patient page by associating it to a reference volume (preferably the positioning
CT or the positioning MR) in order to create the contours on this volume in the
Annotate module or to use this image as reference to compare it with CBCT images in
the AdaptBox module. It is possible to create several projects for a given patient.


The Home module allows the user to search for a patient already present in the
software's database or to import it from the structure's imaging servers or from
another external source and to manage the different projects of this patient.


The Annotate module allows the user to contour regions of interest on the reference
volume. It also allows generation of pseudo-CTs from MRI images. Users are able to
visualize, evaluate and modify the HU values of the associated structures on the
pseudo-CT,  if needed. After validation, manual and automatic contours can be
generated on the pseudo-CT images. Registration can also be performed using the
pseudo-CT either as a target or source image. All results can be exported upon
approval.


The SmartFuse module allows the user to fuse the primary volume of a project with
secondary volumes.


The AdapBox module helps the user to decide if a replanning is necessary. For this
purpose, the module allows the user to generate a pseudo-CT from a CBCT image, to
auto-delineate regions of interest on the pseudo-CT, to compute the dose on both
planning CT and pseudo-CT and then define  if there is a need for replanning by
comparing volume and dose metrics computed on both images and over the course
of the treatment. Those metrics are defined by the user.


The Administration module allows users with specific rights to manage the platform's
usage parameters. Some more restricted rights are also accessible in the drop-down
menu linked to the user account through the Settings menu.


The About module allows the user to obtain information about the software and its
use, as well as to contact TheraPanacea.

ART-Plan offers deep-learning based automatic segmentation for the following
   localizations:


    •  head and neck (on CT and synthetic-CT from CBCT images)
    •   thorax/breast (for male/female and on CT and synthetic-CT from CBCT images)
    •  abdomen (on CT images and MR images)
    •   pelvis male(on CT images, on synthetic-CT from CBCT and on MR images)
    •   pelvis female (on CT images)
    •   brain (on CT images and MR images)


   ART-Plan offers deep-learning based synthetic CT-generation from MR images for the
   following localizations:

    •   pelvis male
    •   Brain


   ART-Plan offers deep-learning based synthetic CT-generation from CBCT images for
   the following localizations:

    •   pelvis male
    •  head and neck
    •   thorax/breast


Intended Use/Indications for Use


ART-Plan’s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has been
prescribed. In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is available.


ART-Plan is not intended to be used for patients less than 18 years of age.


The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiotherapists,
radiation oncologists, medical physicists, dosimetrists and medical professionals involved in the
radiation therapy process.


The indicated use environments are, but not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health facility
involved in radiation therapy.

Indications for Use Comparison

The proposed device has the same indication for use as the predicate device.


Technological Comparison


The device has the same technological characteristics.

The similarities between the proposed device and the primary predicate are the following:


Both devices allow multi-modal vizualisation and rigid and deformable registration for the same
modalities of images

Both devices allow displaying fused and non-fused images to facilitate the comparison and
delineation of image data by the user

Both devices allow manual generation, modification and semi-automatic generation of contours for
the regions of interest

Both devices allow automatic segmentation on medical images using AI algorithms

Both devices allow generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT and MR images

Both allow dose computation on CT and/or synthetic-CT images for external beam irradiation with
photon beams

Both allow assisted CBCT-based off-line adaptation decision-making for supported anatomies

Both devices allow the import, manipulation, visualisation, generation and the export of DICOM
images

   −  New anatomies for generation of synthetic CT from CBCT : Thorax, Breast, Head & Neck
   −   Addition of new structures to the already existing localizations for the segmentation feature


There are no differences between the proposed device and the primary predicate that represent an
additional claim for the primary predicate.


 Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions


Within the primary predicate ART-Plan v2.1.0, for an auto segmentation model to be judged
acceptable, every organ included in the model must pass at least one acceptance criterion with
success across the different testings it has been submitted to. These criteria are as follows:

a) The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to the acceptance criteria set by the
AAPM: DSC (mean)≥ 0.8.

Or

b) The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to inter-expert variability: DSC (mean)≥
0.54 or DSC (mean) ≥ mean (DSC inter-expert) + 5%.

Or

c) The clinicians’ s qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered acceptable for clinical
use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications / corrections (B) with a A+B % above or
equal to 85% considering the following scale:

A: the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification

B: the contour would be acceptable for clinical use after minor modifications/corrections

C: the contour requires major modifications (e.g.  it would be faster for the expert to manually
delineate the structure)”

Within the proposed device ART-Plan (v2.2.0), the same acceptance criteria were used. Moreover, in
order to overcome the limitations of reporting DSC alone and to help establish that proposed device
is functioning appropriately across each segmented structure, an additional quantitative metric was
used: the Hausdorff Distance (95th percentile – HD95). This metric has been chosen as it is the second
most used metric, after DSC. Based on litterature review, the acceptance criteria is set as the following:
the Hausdorff distance 95th percentile (HD95) is equal to or inferior to the acceptance criteria set
HD95 (mean) ≤ 5.75 mm.

Thus, in order to determine the substantial equivalence of ART-Plan v2.2.0, the following tests have
been performed:

Non regression testing of autosegmentation of already existing organs at risk in the primary
predicate ART-Plan v2.1.0 (previous version) - Validation of the performance of autosegmentation
(on CT and MR images) of already existing structures after retraining or algorithm improvement was
performed by comparison of the DSC between contours generated by the previous version of ARTPlan (v2.1.0) and manual contours performed by medical experts and the DSC between contours
generated by the new version of ART-Plan (v2.2.0) and manual contours performed by medical
experts. The evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size of 17 patients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use  if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

   −  Mean DSC should not regress negatively between the current and last validated version of
       Annotate beyond a maximum tolerance margin set to -5% relative error.


Quantitative evaluation of autosegmentation of all organs at risk – Validation of the performance of
autosegmentation of all organs at risk on CT, MR and synthetic-CT from CBCT images by comparison
with manual performed by medical experts. The evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size

of 17 patients. The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:

     -   The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to the acceptance criteria set by
       the AAPM: DSC (mean)≥ 0.8.
     -   The Hausdorff distance 95th percentile (HD95) is equal to or inferior to the acceptance criteria
        set HD95 (mean) ≤ 5.75 mm.


Quantitative evaluation of autosegmentation of all organs at risk – Validation of the performance of
autosegmentation of organs at risk on CT images on US patient data compared to performance on
non-US (nUS) patient data. The comparison was assessed by comparing automatic contours with
manual contours performed by medical experts. The evaluation was performed on a minimum sample
size of 17 patients. The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:

     -   The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to the acceptance criteria set by
       the AAPM: DSC (mean)≥ 0.8.
     -   The Hausdorff distance 95th percentile (HD95) is equal to or inferior to the acceptance criteria
        set HD95 (mean) ≤ 5.75 mm.

or

     -  Mean DSC (US) ≥Mean DSC (nUS)

and/or
     -  Mean HD95(US) ≤ Mean HD95 (nUS)


Qualitative evaluation of autosegmentation of organs at risk - Validation of the performance of
autosegmentation of all new organs at risk (or organs at risk not passing the non regression testing)
on CT, MR and synthetic-CT from CBCT images was performed by qualitative evaluation of the
contours by medical experts. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size of 15 patients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use  if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

   −  The clinicians’ qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered acceptable for
         clinical use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications / corrections (B) with a
      A+B % above or equal to 85% considering the following scale:
            A.  the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
            B.  the   contour   would  be   acceptable   for    clinical   use   after   minor
               modifications/corrections
            C.  the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the expert to
              manually delineate the structure)”

Qualitative evaluation of contours propagation - Validation of the performance of propagation of
target and organs at risk contours from the planning CT to the synthetic-CT from CBCT was performed
by qualitative evaluation of the propagated contours on the synthetic-CT from CBCT. The evaluation
was performed on a minimum sample size of 15 patients.

The propagation of contours is considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criterion is achieved:

   −  The clinicians’ s qualitative evaluation of the propagated contours post-registration are
       considered acceptable for clinical use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications
        / corrections (B) with a A+B % above or equal to 85% for deformable and above or equal to
      50% for rigid registration considering the following scale:
            A.  the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
            B.  the   contour   would  be   acceptable   for    clinical   use   after   minor
               modifications/corrections
            C.  the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the expert to
              manually delineate the structure)


Dosimetric validation of synthetic-CT from CBCT - Validation of synthetic-CTs in terms of dosimetric
endpoints was performed by a quantitative evaluation to evaluate the non-inferiority of synthetic-CTs
compared to CT images. Treatment plans were optimised on the CT images and recalculated on the
synthetic-CT of the same patient. The dose distributions of the CTs and the synthetic-CTs were
compared to evaluate non-inferiority of sCTs in terms of dosimetric endpoints. The evaluation was
performed on a sample size of 19 patients per supported anatomy.

The synthetic-CTs from CBCT are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:

   −  DVH parameters (PTV): < 2%
   −  DVH Individual Pass Rates (PTV): > 76.7%
   −  Median Gamma Index 2%/2mm: ≥ 92%
   −  Median Gamma Index 3%/3mm: ≥ 93.57%


Geometric and anatomic validation of the synthetic-CT from CBCT - Validation of synthetic-CTs in
terms of anatomical and geometrical accuracy was performed by a quantitative evaluation. A
deformable fusion was performed between the synthetic-CT from CBCT and original CBCT. The
Jacobian determinant was calculated in order to determine if the synthetic-CT and the original CBCT
are identical, thus meaning that the synthetic-CT reflects the anatomy of the CBCT. The evaluation
was performed on a sample size of 19 patients per supported anatomy.

The synthetic-CTs from CBCT are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criterion is achieved:

   −  Jacobian Determinant = 1 +/- 5%

Dosimetric validation of the dose engine - Validation of the dose engine was performed by quality
evaluation based on the dosimetric quality evaluated from clinical dosimetric criteria in comparison
with commercially available solutions. The evaluation was performed on a sample size of 45 patients
per supported anatomy.

The dose engine is considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criteria are
achieved:

   −   Relative differences on DVH parameters (PTV/OARs): ≤ 4.4% (with some superior individual
        values); for Lungs ≤ 24.4%
   −  Median Gamma Index 2%/2mm (with different thresholds): ≥ 86.3%
   −  Median Gamma Index 3%/3mm (with different thresholds): ≥ 91.75%


All validation tests were carried out using datasets representative of the worldwide population
receiving radiotherapy treatments. Finally, all tests passed their respective acceptance criteria, thus
showing ART-Plan v2.2.0 clinical acceptability.