Mighty Oak Medical
Mark Wylie
VP Quality and Regulatory
750 W. Hampden Ave
Suite 120                                                             July 12, 2024
Englewood, Colorado 80110


Re: K234009
    Trade/Device Name: Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009); Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: June 12, 2024
    Received: June 12, 2024

Dear Mark Wylie:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K234009 - Mark Wylie                                                                Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K234009 - Mark Wylie                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K234009

Device Name
Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009)
Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)

Indications for Use (Describe)
Acorn Segmentation is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation system for the transfer of CT or
CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn Segmentation is also intended for measuring and treatment planning. The
Acorn Segmentation output can also be used for the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file using additive
manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The physical replica can be used for diagnostic purposes in the field of
musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial applications.
Acorn Segmentation and 3DP Models should be used in conjunction with expert clinical judgment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) SUMMARY                                            K234009


              Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009) and Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)

Submitter:

 Mighty Oak Medical
 750 W. Hampden Ave., Suite 120
 Englewood, CO 80110
  (720) 398-9703

 Contact:            Mark A. Wylie, VP of Quality and Regulatory
 Date Prepared:        12JUL2024

Device
 Trade Name:         Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009); Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)
 Common Name:     Image processing system
 Device Classification:  Class II
 Regulation, Name:    21 CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Device Product Code: QIH, LLZ

Type of 510(k)

Original Submission: Traditional

Predicate Device(s):

 Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009); Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)

     510(k)    Product Code               Trade Name                  Manufacturer
   Primary Predicate Device
    K183105         LLZ                  Mimics Medical                   Materialise NV
   Subsequent Predicate Device
    K183489         LLZ                    D2P                  3D Systems, Inc

Description

Acorn Segmentation is an image processing software that allows the user to import, visualize and
segment medical images, check and correct the segmentations, and create digital 3D models.
The models can be used  in Acorn Segmentation  for measuring, treatment planning and
producing an output file to be used for additive manufacturing (3D printing). Acorn Segmentation
is structured as a modular package. This includes the following functionality:
    Importing medical images in DICOM format
    Viewing images and DICOM data
    Selecting a region of interest using generic segmentation tools
    Segmenting specific anatomy using dedicated semi-automatic tools or automatic algorithms
    Verifying and editing a region of interest
    Calculating a digital 3D model and editing the model
    Measuring on images and 3D models
    Exporting 3D models to third-party packages

Acorn Segmentation contains both machine learning based auto-segmentation as well as semiautomatic and manual segmentation tools. The auto-segmentation tool is only intended to be
used for thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12 and L1-L5). Semi-automatic and manual
segmentation tools are intended to be used for all musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial
anatomy. The following table provides a definition and the anatomical location(s) for each tool’s
intended use.
                     Automatic              Semi-Automatic              Manual
                              A combination of
                Algorithmic with little or no                                   Directly controlled by a
  Definition                                   algorithmic and direct
                 direct human control                           human
                                 human control
             Machine Learning
                                             Algorithmic based tools                algorithm used to                                 Manual tools requiring user
 Tool Type                                   that do not incorporate
               automatically segment                                      input.
                                    machine learning.
                 individual vertebrae
                                            Musculoskeletal &           Musculoskeletal &
                                               craniomaxillofacial bone:    craniomaxillofacial bone:
                 Spinal anatomy:                 Short                        Short Anatomical
                  Thoracic (T1-T12)              Long                        Long Location (s)
                  Lumbar (L1-L5)                 Flat                          Flat
                                                   Sesamoid                   Sesamoid
                                                    Irregular                     Irregular
Acorn 3DP Model  is an additively manufactured physical replica of the digital 3D model
generated in Acorn Segmentation. The output file from Acorn Segmentation is used to additively
manufacture the Acorn 3DP Model.

Indications for Use

Acorn Segmentation is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation system
for the transfer of CT or CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn Segmentation is also
intended for measuring and treatment planning. The Acorn Segmentation output can also be
used for the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file using additive manufacturing
methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The physical replica can be used for diagnostic purposes in the
field of musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial applications.

Acorn Segmentation and 3DP Models should be used in conjunction with expert clinical
judgment.

Materials
Acorn 3DP materials used have been tested and shown to be biocompatible in accordance
with ISO 10993-1. The material used to manufacture Acorn 3DP Models is a PA-12 polymer
powder for use in HP multi-jet fusion systems.

Performance Data
Software verification and validation were performed and documentation was provided
following the “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices”. This includes verification against defined requirements, and validation against
user needs. Both end-user validation and bench testing were performed.

The geometric accuracy of digital models created in the subject device, Acorn Segmentation,
was assessed via bench testing of automatic, semi-automatic, and manual segmentation
methods. Accuracy of automatic segmentation was evaluated for its intended use on Thoracic
(T1-T12) and Lumbar (L1-L5) anatomy. Accuracy of semi-automatic and manual segmentation
methods was evaluated for their intended for use on musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial
anatomy. All segmentations were evaluated against predicate device segmentations using
Dice-Sorenson coefficient. Testing of automatic, semi-automatic, and manual segmentation
methods each exceeded an average Dice-Sorenson coefficient of 0.93. All deviations were
within the acceptance criteria. This shows that for creating digital models, Acorn Segmentation
is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

The geometric accuracy of physical replicas (produced by 3D printing digital models) was also
assessed. This was conducted for various representative musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial
models. Testing showed that the physical models can be printed accurately at less than 1mm
mean deviation when compared to the digital models.

In conclusion, all performance testing conducted demonstrated device performance and
substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

Technological Characteristics
The following technological characteristics of the subject Acorn Segmentation & 3DP Model are
equivalent to the predicate devices. These include:

       Importing medical images in DICOM format
      Viewing images and DICOM data
       Selecting a region of interest using generic segmentation tools
      Segmenting specific anatomy using dedicated semi-automatic tools or fully automatic
       algorithms
       Verifying and editing a region of interest
       Calculating a digital 3D model and editing the model
      Measuring on images and 3D models
       Exporting 3D models to third-party packages

Technological characteristics which are different have been supported with descriptive
information and/or performance data. Therefore the fundamental scientific technology of
Acorn Segmentation & 3DP Model is the same as the previously cleared device.

Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table

The table below provides a descriptive comparison of the similarities and differences for the
subject and predicate devices. The items marked bold in the table highlight the differences
between the Acorn Segmentation & 3DP Model and the predicate (Materialise’s Mimics
Medical, K183105).

     Device→                  Acorn Segmentation                  Mimics Medical            D2P
      Features↓                          (K234009)                            (K183105)               (K183489)

 Premarket
                                      K234009                           K183105               K183489
  notification

 Manufacturer                    Mighty Oak Medical                      Materialise N.V.         3D Systems

 Indications for Use   Acorn Segmentation is intended for use as a       Mimics is intended for   The D2P software is
 Statement          software interface and image segmentation       use as a software       intended for use as a
                     system for the transfer of CT or CTA medical         interface and image    software interface
                    imaging information to an output file. Acorn        segmentation system   and image
                    Segmentation is also intended for measuring and     for the transfer of       segmentation system
                     treatment planning. The Acorn Segmentation      medical imaging          for the transfer of
                     output can also be used for the fabrication of       information to an      DICOM imaging
                       physical replicas of the output file using additive    output file. Mimics       information from a
                    manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The    Medical is also         medical scanner to
                       physical replica can be used for diagnostic        intended for          an output file. It is also
                    purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and        measuring and         intended as pre‐
                       craniomaxillofacial applications.                  treatment planning.     operative software for
                   Acorn Segmentation and 3DP Models should be    The Mimics Medical      surgical planning. For
                                                                    output can be used       this purpose, the                   used in conjunction with expert clinical judgment.
                                                                                      for the fabrication of    output file may be
                                                                          physical replicas of     used to produce a
                                                                     the output file using      physical replica. The
                                                                                   traditional or additive    physical replica is
                                                                  manufacturing         intended for
                                                                 methods.               adjunctive use along
                                                                  The physical replica     with other diagnostic
                                                          can be used for          tools and expert
                                                                        diagnostic purposes in   clinical judgement for

Device→                  Acorn Segmentation                  Mimics Medical            D2P
    Features↓                          (K234009)                            (K183105)               (K183489)
                                                                      the field of               diagnosis, patient
                                                                     orthopaedic,          management, and/or
                                                                           maxillofacial and       treatment selection of
                                                                     cardiovascular          cardiovascular,
                                                                           applications.             craniofacial,
                                                               Mimics Medical           gastrointestinal,
                                                                    should be used in        genitourinary,
                                                                    conjunction with         neurological, and/or
                                                                     expert clinical           musculoskeletal
                                                                 judgment.               applications.

General intended   Acorn Segmentation is image processing software  Mimics Medical is      D2P is image
use                  that allows the user to import, visualize and        image processing       processing software
                 segment medical images, check and correct the   software that allows     that allows the user to
                    segmentations, and create digital 3D models.       the user to import,       import, visualize and
                                                                                   visualize and segment   segment medical
                                                               medical images,        images, check and
                                                           check and correct the   correct the
                                                                    segmentations, and     segmentations, and
                                                                  create digital 3D        create digital 3D
                                                                  models.                models.

Product             System, Image processing, Radiological            System, Image          System, Image
Classification                                                            processing,              processing,
                                                                       Radiological            Radiological

Regulatory Class                          Class II                                Class II                  Class II

Regulation
                                       892.2050                            892.2050                892.2050Number

Product Code                          QIH, LLZ                                   LLZ                       LLZ

Device            Acorn Segmentation is an image processing        Mimics Medical is       The D2P software is a
Description          software that allows the user to import, visualize    image processing       stand‐alone modular
                and segment medical images, check and          software that allows     software package
                     correct the segmentations, and create digital 3D   the user to import,        that provides
                   models. The models can be used in Acorn            visualize and segment   advanced
                  Segmentation for measuring, treatment planning   medical images,         visualization of DICOM
                and producing an output file to be used for       check and correct the  imaging data. This
                     additive manufacturing (3D printing). Acorn        segmentations, and     modular package
                   Segmentation is structured as a modular           create digital 3D         includes, but is not
                 package. This includes the following functionality:   models. The models      limited to the following
                                                       can be used in Mimics   functions:
                           Importing medical images in DICOM format   Medical for                   DICOM viewer
                           Viewing images and DICOM data            measuring, treatment       and analysis
                           Selecting a region of interest using generic     planning and                 Automated
                       segmentation tools                         producing an output         segmentation
                          Segmenting specific anatomy using                 file to be used for              Editing and pre‐
                      dedicated semi-automatic tools or fully        additive                         printing
                       automatic algorithms                       manufacturing (3D           Seamless
                           Verifying and editing a region of interest         printing). Mimics               integration with
                           Calculating a digital 3D model and editing    Medical also has           3D Systems
                        the model                                        functionality for linking          printers
                           Measuring on images and 3D models           to third party software        Seamless
                           Exporting 3D models to third-party packages   packages. Mimics             integration with
                                                               Medical is structured        3D Systems
                  Acorn Segmentation contains both machine        as a modular                 software
                     learning based auto-segmentation as well as      package. This includes       packages
                   semi-automatic and manual segmentation tools.    the following                 Seamless
                   The auto-segmentation tool is only intended to be   functionality:                   integration with
                  used for thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine        Importing                  Virtual Reality
                      (T1-T12 and L1-L5). Semi-automatic and manual         medical images           visualization for
                   segmentation tools are intended to be used for all          in DICOM format         non‐diagnostic
                    musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial             and other                use.
                  anatomy. The following table provides a definition        formats (such as

Device→                  Acorn Segmentation                  Mimics Medical            D2P
    Features↓                          (K234009)                            (K183105)               (K183489)
                and the anatomical location(s) for each tool’s          BMP, TIFF, JPG
                   intended use.                                 and raw images)
                                                  Semi-                         Viewing images
                                  Automatic                                                         Manual        and DICOM data                                               Automatic
                                   A                                Selecting a
                                      Algorithmic   combination                    region of interest                                                                           Directly
                                      with little or   of                                                                     controlled         using generic
                            Definition   no direct     algorithmic                                                       by a            segmentation
                           human      and direct                                                 human             tools                                       control     human
                                                     control                          Segmenting
                              Machine                                       specific anatomy
                                    Learning                                     using dedicated
                                                    Algorithmic                                     algorithm                                 semi-automatic                                          based tools    Manual
                                used to
                          Tool                                                    that do not      tools               tools or fully
                                 automat-                      Type                                                  incorporate     requiring         automatic
                                             ically                                          machine        user input.         algorithms
                               segment
                                                       learning.                         Verifying and                                         individual
                                   vertebrae                                     editing a region
                                                              Musculo-          of interest
                                               Musculo-        skeletal &         Calculating a
                                                         skeletal &      craniuma-           digital 3D model
                                       Spinal        cranioma-       xillofacial        and editing the
                     Anatom-   anatomy:      xillofacial      bone:          model
                             ical          Thoracic   bone:              Short                                                                                  Measuring on                        Location       (T1-T12)        Short          Long
                                (s)            Lumbar       Long            Flat          images and 3D
                                             (L1-L5)         Flat             Sesa-         models
                                                          Sesamoid     moid          Exporting
                                                           Irregular        Irreg-         images,
                                                                                ular          measurements
                  Acorn 3DP Model is an additively manufactured       and 3D models
                    physical replica of the virtual 3D model                   to third-party
                  generated in Acorn Segmentation. The output file       packages
                   from Acorn Segmentation is used to additively           Planning
                  manufacture the Acorn 3DP Model.                     treatments
                                                                                   (surgical cuts
                                                                                     etc.) on the 3D
                                                                 models
                                                                                  Interfacing with
                                                              packages for
                                                                                            Finite Element
                                                                              Analysis
                                                                                  Creating Python
                                                                                         scripts to
                                                                 automate
                                                                         workflows

Technological      Acorn Segmentation is a standalone modular      Mimics Medical is      D2P is structured as a
characteristics      software package. This module includes, but is      structured as a         modular package.
                   not limited to the following functions:             modular package.        This includes the
                Image Import                                              This includes the          following functionality:
                                                                           following functionality:  Image Import                          Importing medical images in DICOM format
                                                         Image Import                Image Processing                                                                   Importing
                                                                                 Importing             medical images
                          Processing of images with common noise-                                                                   medical images           in DICOM format
                         reduction filters                                                                                              in DICOM format       and other
                           Editing of spatial arrangement of images                                                            and other formats       formats (such as
                       Visualization                                          (such as BMP,          BMP, TIFF, JPG
                          Viewing images and DICOM data                       TIFF, JPG and raw      and raw images)
                                                                    images)          Image Processing                  Segmentation
                                                         Image Processing                                                                                                            Processing of                           Selecting a region of interest using generic
                       segmentation tools                                 Processing of          images with
                          Segmenting specific anatomy using              images with         common noisededicated semi-automatic tools             common noise-         reduction filters
                                                                          reduction filters

Device→                  Acorn Segmentation                  Mimics Medical            D2P
Features↓                          (K234009)                            (K183105)               (K183489)
                     Segmenting specific vertebral anatomy             Editing of spatial         Editing of spatial
                     using machine-learning-based fully              arrangement of        arrangement of
                   automatic algorithms                          images               images
                      Verifying and editing a region of interest           Processing of        Visualization
             Measurement                                     imaging data for                                                                                                       Viewing images                                                               removal of
                     Measuring on images and 3D models                              and DICOM data                                                 common artifacts
                                                                                 (e.g. scatter)      Segmentation
             Image Export                                          Visualization                  Selecting a
                      Exporting images and 3D models to third-          Viewing images         region of interest
                     party packages                           and DICOM data        using generic
                                                                                      segmentation
                                                           Segmentation                  tools
             3D Models                                                                             Selecting a             Segmenting
                     Calculating a digital 3D model and editing         region of interest         specific anatomy
                    the model                                         using generic            using dedicated
                     Smoothing a 3D model                          segmentation          semi-automatic
                     Importing 3D models                                   tools                      tools or fully
               Treatment Planning                                      Segmenting           automatic deep
                                                                             specific anatomy        learning tools
                     Importing of third-party STLs to visualize                                                                         using dedicated         Verifying and
                  planned interactions with anatomy as                                                                  semi-automatic          editing a region
                    represented in DICOM images                                                                                tools or fully              of interest
               Other features                                     automatic                                                                           Measurement
                     Using a collection of images and masks as a        algorithms                                                                                                       Measuring on                       training dataset for machine-learning               Verifying and                                                                                  images and 3D                   segmentation algorithm                             editing a region                                                                                   models                                                                          of interest
                                                                         Image Export                                                       Measurement
                                                                                                        Exporting images                                                                            Measuring on
                                                                         and 3D models                                                             images and 3D
                                                                                                  to third-party                                                              models
                                                                               packages
                                                     Image Export
                                                                       3D Models
                                                                             Exporting images,
                                                                                                       Calculating a                                                             measurements
                                                                                                                  digital 3D model                                                       and 3D models
                                                                         and editing the                                                                         to third-party
                                                                              model                                                           packages
                                                                                                       Smoothing a 3D
                                                    3D Models                model
                                                                            Calculating a           Importing 3D
                                                                                     digital 3D model        models
                                                       and editing the     Treatment Planning
                                                          model
                                                                                                       Importing of                                                                            Wrapping a 3D
                                                                                                           third-party STLs to                                                          model
                                                                                                               visualize planned                                                                            Smoothing a 3D
                                                                                                       interactions with                                                          model
                                                                            anatomy as                                                                            Importing 3D
                                                                                          represented in                                                              models
                                                                    DICOM images
                                                              Treatment Planning         Planning
                                                                            Importing of             treatments
                                                                                third-party STLs to         (surgical cuts
                                                                                   visualize planned         etc.) on the 3D
                                                                             interactions with        models
                                                         anatomy as       Other features
                                                                   represented in
                                                                             View DICOM images                                                   DICOM images
                                                                                                             in VR without                                                                            Planning
                                                                                   segmentation                                                                      treatments
                                                                              (surgical cuts
                                                                                etc.) on the 3D
                                                             models

Device→                  Acorn Segmentation                  Mimics Medical            D2P
      Features↓                          (K234009)                            (K183105)               (K183489)
                                                                  Other features
                                                                                    Interfacing with
                                                               packages for
                                                                                              Finite Element
                                                                               Analysis
                                                                                   Creating Python
                                                                                          scripts to
                                                                  automate
                                                                          workflows

 Physical Model      The Acorn Segmentation output can be used for    The Mimics Medical     The D2P output file
                     the fabrication of physical replicas of the output    output can be used    may be used to
                                file using additive manufacturing methods. The       for the fabrication of    produce a physical
                       physical replica can be used for diagnostic         physical replicas of       replica. The physical
                    purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and        the output file using      replica is intended for
                       craniomaxillofacial applications.                      traditional or additive    adjunctive use along
                                                                  manufacturing          with other diagnostic
                                                                 methods. The physical    tools and expert
                                                                            replica can be used      clinical judgement for
                                                                                      for diagnostic            diagnosis, patient
                                                                   purposes in the field of  management, and/or
                                                                       orthopedic,             treatment selection of
                                                                            maxillofacial and        cardiovascular,
                                                                      cardiovascular           craniofacial,
                                                                            applications.              gastrointestinal,
                                                                                                       genitourinary,
                                                                                                   neurological, and/or
                                                                                                musculoskeletal
                                                                                                      applications.


Conclusion

Minor differences in intended use and technological characteristics exist, but performance data
demonstrates that Acorn Segmentation & 3DP Model is as safe and effective, and performs as
well as the predicate device for its intended use.