August 16, 2024

Qure.ai Technologies
Abishamala Kingsly
Senior Regulatory Clinical Affairs Manager
Level 7, Commerz II International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E)
MUMBAI, MAHARASHTRA 400 063
INDIA

Re: K240740
    Trade/Device Name: qCT LN Quant
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: July 10, 2024
    Received: July 10, 2024

Dear Abishamala Kingsly:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240740 - Abishamala Kingsly                                                         Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K240740
Device Name
 qCT LN Quant

Indications for Use (Describe)
 qCT LN Quant is a software device used in the tracking, assessment, and quantitative
 characterization of detected pulmonary nodules. This automatically analyzes user-selected regions
 within lung CT to provide volumetric, diameter and computer analysis based on morphological
 characteristics in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. The system
 performs the measurements, allowing the preview of lung nodules in 2D and 3D reconstructed views
 and the respective measurements to be displayed.  It is indicated for the evaluation of user detected
 solid pulmonary nodules.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary

                              K240740
                              510(k) SUMMARY
                 qCT LN Quant

1   SUBMITTER

Qure.ai Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Level 7, Commerz II,
International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E),
Mumbai - 400 063
Country: INDIA
Phone: +91-9840580965
Primary Contact Person: Abishamala Kingsly, Senior Regulatory Clinical Affairs Manager
Secondary contact person: Bunty Kundnani, Chief Regulatory Affairs Officer

Date Prepared: 29 February 2024

2   SUBJECT DEVICE

 Name of Device:              qCT LN Quant
 Common or Usual Name:        Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Classification Name:           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Regulatory Class:                 Class II
 Regulation Number:           21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code:                QIH


3   PREDICATE DEVICES

 Name of Device:               Ninesmeasure
 Manufacturer:                   Nines, Inc.
 510(k) Number:               K202990
 Regulatory Class:                 Class II
 Regulation Number:           21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code:                   LLZ


 Name of Device:               Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
 Manufacturer:                     Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
 510(k) Number:               K162484
 Regulatory Class:                 Class II
 Regulation Number:           21 CFR 892.2050; 21 CFR 892.1750
 Product Code                      LLZ, JAK


                                                                               Page 1 of 8

510(k) Summary

4   INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE:

qCT LN Quant is a software device used in the tracking, assessment and quantitative characterization
of detected pulmonary nodules. This automatically analyzes user-selected regions within lung CT to
provide volumetric, diameter and computer analysis based on morphological characteristics in a single
study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. The system performs the measurements,
allowing the preview of lung nodules in 2D and 3D reconstructed views and the respective
measurements to be displayed. It is indicated for the evaluation of user detected solid pulmonary
nodules.

5   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Qure.ai’s computed tomography (CT) scan software, the qCT LN Quant, is a deep-learning-based
device that can process non-contract CT (NCCT) scans and assists in quantitative characterization of
solid lung nodules of size ≥ 6mm on Chest CTs.

qCT LN Quant consists of a cloud module that can interacts with DICOM modality or the user’s picture
archiving and communication system (PACS) to receive de-identified scans and returns the results to
the same destination. In addition, solid nodules are segmented by the user semi-automatically using
double seed points on the nodule, followed by interactive fine-tuning of the boundaries. The
segmented region is quantitatively characterized by qCT LN Quant and presented to users as an
additional overlay by highlighting and labelling respectively. User-assisted segmentation generated by
qCT LN Quant can be presented in two ways to the users:

a. PACS-based mode: As a new series (secondary capture) which are returned to the originating PACS
system with segmentation burnt on the series. This can be done only at PACS which supports GSPS
Output.

b. Web-based mode: On Qure’s web application where the segmentation is overlaid on top of the
original scan.

qCT LN Quant deep learning algorithm has been trained to quantify the target structures on CT scans
and is coupled with pre-and post-processing functionality that allows the device to work directly with
the radiology workflow. The user is presented with 2D view and 3D reconstructed view of solid nodule
images labelling the quantitative characteristics based on the user-segmented structures. The output
consists of information on average diameter and volumes of user identified solid nodules. The
additional features include long axis diameter (mm), short axis diameter (mm), Effective diameter
(mm), and Mean/Minimum/Max HU (HU) and volume change overtime with matched nodules. In
addition, qCT LN Quant consists of a Brock Score - Risk Calculator that uses diameter of the nodule
and clinician’s input. The Lung-RADSTM calculator feature is based on ACR guideline, which can assist
the physician in decision making. qCT LN Quant also provides recommendations based on Fleischner’s
Society guideline. Thus, qCT LN Quant offers functionality to calculate Brock and LungRADS score as
part of integrated or cleared devices with capability to display such output.

qCT LN Quant is limited to analysis of imaging data and results generated are meant for information
purposes only. The device is not intended for clinical diagnosis of any disease. It does not replace the
role of physician or of other testing in the standard of care for lung abnormalities.

KEY FEATURES

Semi-automatic quantification of solid nodule features


                                                                               Page 2 of 8

510(k) Summary

       Average Diameter (mm)
      Volume (mm3)

ADDITIONAL FEATURES

      3D visualization of segmented nodules
      Manual editing of the solid nodule segmentation contour lines with automatic recalculation
        of quantitative characteristics post-editing
       Automatic software calculation of the following measurements for each segmented nodule:
       o  Long Axis- Longest diameter on an axial slice(mm)
       o  Short Axis- Longest diameter perpendicular to the long axis on the same slice (mm)
       o   Effective diameter (mm) - a formula-based feature calculated from volume of the
            nodule
       o  Measurement of Mean/Minimum/Max HU (HU)
      Volume Doubling Time (VDT) calculated from the measurements between each current scan
      and the prior scan. This measurement is a formula derived value from existing validated
       measurements, namely the volume estimate of a region within the current and prior scans.
        This information is used in a mathematical calculator along with the number of days between
       the scans to calculate VDT.
      Lung-RADSTM calculation based on information provided by users.
       Brock Score - Risk Calculator tool based on patient and nodule characteristics provided by
        users. This is used for estimation and alignment of the probability that lung nodules detected
      on low-dose CT scans are malignant, as reported by McWilliams, Annette, et al. "Probability
        of cancer in pulmonary nodules detected on first screening CT." New England Journal of
       Medicine 369.10 (2013): 910-919.
       Reporting based on Fleischner Society guidelines with the aid of user  filled patient
        information.


   Additional Information on Brock Score - Risk Calculator:
   This is a calculator using Brock University Score as described in McWilliams, et al (2013). This model
   allows estimating the probability that lung nodules detected on baseline CT scans are malignant.
   The diameter obtained by the device will be prefilled while the other variables required for the
   calculator will be user added . Nodules within each scan will be ordered based on this score.
   The model’s performance was validated using two large population-based prospective studies: the
   Pan-Canadian Early Detection of Lung Cancer Study (PanCan) and the chemoprevention trials at
   the British Columbia Cancer Agency (BCCA), sponsored by the U.S. National Cancer Institute.

   Further details can be found in McWilliams, A., Tammemagi, M.C., Mayo, J.R., Roberts, H., Liu, G.,
   Soghrati, K., Yasufuku, K., Martel, S., Laberge, F., Gingras, M. and Atkar-Khattra, S. Probability of
   cancer in pulmonary nodules detected on first screening CT. New England Journal of Medicine.
   2013; 369(10), 910-919.

   Additional Information on Lung-RADSTM Classification:
   This is a classification system proposed to aid with findings in low-dose CT screening exams for lung
   cancer. The goal of the classification system is to standardize follow-up and management decisions.

   Further details can be found in Martin MD, Kanne JP, Broderick LS, Kazerooni EA, Meyer CA.
   RadioGraphics  Update:  Lung-RADS  2022.  Radiographics.  2023;  43(11):  e230037.  doi:
   10.1148/rg.230037. PMID: 37856315.


                                                                               Page 3 of 8

510(k) Summary


   Additional Information on Fleischner’s Guidelines:
   Fleischner Society guidelines for management of solid or subsolid nodules was created for the
   purpose of recommendations to reduce the number of unnecessary follow-up examinations while
   providing greater discretion to the radiologist, clinician, and patient to make management
   decisions.

  MacMahon, Heber, et al. "Guidelines for management of incidental pulmonary nodules detected
  on CT images: from the Fleischner Society 2017." Radiology. 2017; 284(1): 228-243.


WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS

    •   Conditions of image quality that diminish chest radiographic sensitivity, such as noise or
         artifacts, may also diminish the effectiveness of the device
    •  qCT LN Quant is intended to be used by certified medical specialists trained and experienced
        to review and report chest CT scans.
    •  qCT LN Quant is not intended to be used in patients with Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis (IPF) and
        extensive granulomatous disease.
    •  qCT LN Quant is limited to analysis of imaging data quantification and should not be used inlieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.
    •  The clinician is responsible for reviewing the device findings with the original image for any
       treatment /transfer initiation.
    •  The device shall not be used for scans outside of the compatibility as defined in Section 1.8. If
       used may reduce performance of the quantification device.
    •  When performing follow-up studies, it is important to use the same parameters as the original CT
        to get a consistent quantitative characteristics comparison between current and previous studies.
            If the recommended parameters are not used the accuracy of the results cannot be assured.
    •  The user has to verify the correctness of the segmentation and labels. If changes are needed, they
       have to be manually corrected using the correction tools provided by the application.


                                                                               Page 4 of 8

510(k) Summary


6   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

                                      Table 1 Comparison between qCT LN Quant and the Predicate Devices

                           Primary Predicate Device            Secondary Predicate Device              Subject Device
 Device Name             NinesMeasure                     Lung Nodule Assessment and          qCT LN Quant
                                                          Comparison Option (LNA)
 510(k) Number           K202990                         K162484                            K240740
 Device Class                 Class II                                  Class II                                     Class II
 Device Classification        System, Image processing,             System, Image processing, Radiological   Automated Radiological Image
 Name                       Radiological                                                                   Processing Software
 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050                   21 CFR 892.2050                     21 CFR 892.2050
                                                         21 CFR 892.1750
 Regulation Description      Radiological Image Processing System   Radiological Image Processing Software   Medical Image Management and
                                                                                                           Processing System
 Product Code               LLZ                                       LLZ, JAK                            QIH
 Manufacturer               Nines, Inc                                 Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.    Qure.ai Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
 Intended use / Indications  NinesMeasure  is a  semi-automatic  The Philips Medical Systems Lung Nodule  qCT LN Quant is a software device used
 for Use                      tool  indicated  for use by  trained  Assessment and Comparison Option  is   in  the   tracking,  assessment,  and
                                radiologists to aid in the analysis and  intended for use as a diagnostic patient-  quantitative characterization of detected
                           review of adult thoracic CT images.  imaging tool.                         pulmonary nodules. This automatically
                         NinesMeasure provides quantitative   It is intended for the review and analysis   analyzes  user-selected  regions  within
                            information about pulmonary nodule  of thoracic CT images, providing          lung CT to provide volumetric, diameter
                                 size on a single study or over the time  quantitative and characterizing          and  computer   analysis  based  on
                            course of several thoracic studies by  information about nodules in the lung in   morphological characteristics in a single
                             providing long and short axis diameter  a single study, or over the time course     study, or over the time course of several
                         measurements  in  the  axial  plane.  of several thoracic studies.                thoracic studies. The system performs
                          Based on analysis of DICOM images  Characterizations include diameter,       the measurements, allowing the preview
                        and provided input from a radiologist,  volume and volume over time. The        of  lung  nodules   in  2D  and  3D
                               indicating   the   location   of   the  system automatically performs the        reconstructed views and the respective
                         pulmonary nodule, the device uses  measurements, allowing lung nodules    measurements  to be  displayed.  It  is
                                      artificial  intelligence  algorithms  to  and measurements to be displayed.


                                                                                                                                Page 5 of 8

510(k) Summary

                          Primary Predicate Device            Secondary Predicate Device              Subject Device
Device Name             NinesMeasure                     Lung Nodule Assessment and          qCT LN Quant
                                                         Comparison Option (LNA)
                            automatically     perform      the                                            indicated  for the  evaluation  of  user
                        measurements, and allows the axial                                         detected solid pulmonary nodules.
                        measurements to be displayed and
                           reviewed. NinesMeasure is limited for
                         use on solid pulmonary nodules. The
                           device  is intended to be used as a
                       measurement  tool  by  a  trained
                               radiologist and is limited to analysis of
                          imaging data and should not be used
                                 in-lieu of  full patient evaluation or
                               relied upon to make or confirm a
                              diagnosis. The device does not alter
                          the original medical image.
Intended User               Radiologists                            Radiologists and Technologist              Radiologists and Pulmonologists.
Modality                   Thoracic CT scan                      Thoracic CT scan                        Non-Contrast Chest CT scan
Target clinical conditions   Lung Nodule                       Lung Nodule                          Lung Nodule
Algorithm for pre-         Image processing algorithms for       Image processing algorithms for lung     Image processing algorithms for lung
specified critical findings    nodule measurement                nodule measurements                  nodule measurements
detection
Input format           DICOM                       DICOM                         DICOM
Performance level –        Normalized error on long axis         Not Available                       Median Absolute Normalized Average
accuracy of classification    diameter – [95% CI] 0.113 [Upper                                           Diameter Error [95% CI]: 11.1 (9.1-11.1)
                       Bound 0.124]. Normalized error on                                      Median Absolute Normalized Volume
                            short axis diameter – [95% CI] 0.131                                               Error [95% CI]: 20.7 (17.6-22.6)
                         [Upper Bound 0.143]


                                                                                                                               Page 6 of 8

510(k) Summary

7   TESTING

Software:

Software verification and validation testing was executed, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submission for Device Software
Functions (June 2023). During all verification and validation tests carried out for the qCT LN Quant
software, which included evaluating both the algorithmic functionality and the overall performance
of the software and its components, qCT LN Quant functioned as designed and successfully met the
anticipated performance criteria.

Verification,  validation, and  testing  activities were conducted to  establish the performance,
functionality, and reliability characteristics of the device. Unit Test, Integration Test, Regression Test
and User Acceptance test were carried out to account towards the device’s performance nonclinically. Functional testing is done to assess functional requirements of the product. The device
passed all the tests based on determined acceptance criteria. Standards Regulatory references Used
are ISO 13485: 2016 and IEC 62304:2006+A1:2015.

Clinical Performance Testing:

Annotation Process: The dataset used in the study included 216 solid nodules identified from a total
of 118 chest CT scans from 104 subjects. Ground Truth was established by three expert radiologists.
The truthers independently read the scans and mark out the boundaries of the nodule in all slices -

Testing Summary: Performance of the qCT LN Quant device in quantitative characterization of solid
nodules was assessed using the standalone study. The device showed good performance and met
the predefined success criteria when evaluated against the ground truth (reference standard). The
study results also indicated that the outputs of the device are accurate and uniform across a wide
range of potential sources of measurement error.

                   Table 2 Standalone Performance Testing Results for qCT LN Quant

                                    Median Absolute            95% Confidence
       Measurements                  Normalized Error %                     Interval

      Short Axis Diameter                         14.3                       13.95 - 16.67

      Long Axis Diameter                         11.1                        9.52 - 12.50

          Volume                              20.7                       17.29 - 22.41


8   CONCLUSION

The comparison in Table 1 as well as the software & performance testing presented above
demonstrate that the qCT LN-Quant device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices. Both
the subject and predicate devices are medical image analyzers intended to read chest CT scans to
quantitatively characterize user identified lung nodules. The algorithms function similarly and with the
same purpose of quantitative characterization of lung nodules. The new device does not introduce


                                                                               Page 7 of 8

510(k) Summary

fundamentally new scientific technology, and the clinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and
effective as predicate.

The qCT LN Quant is a software only device with similar indications, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as the predicate devices. The comparison of intended purpose, technological
characteristics and performance demonstrates that the qCT LN-Quant device performs as intended
and can be considered as substantially equivalent to the predicate devices, Lung Nodule Assessment
and Comparison Option (LNA) (K162484) and NinesMeasure (K202990).


                                                                               Page 8 of 8