See-Mode Technoloies Pte. Ltd.

See-Mode Technologies Pte. Ltd.
℅ Sadaf Monajemi
Co-founder and Director
32 Carpenter Street, #03-01
Singapore, 059911
Singapore                                                                    September 9, 2024


Re: K240697
    Trade/Device Name: See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection And Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ, QIH
    Dated: August 2, 2024
    Received: August 2, 2024


Dear Sadaf Monajemi:


We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240697 - Sadaf Monajemi                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K240697 - Sadaf Monajemi                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K240697                                                           I
Device Name
 See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T)  is a stand-alone reporting software to
 assist trained medical professionals in analyzing thyroid ultrasound images of adult (>=22 years old)
 patients who have been referred for an ultrasound examination.

 Output of the device includes regions of interest (ROls) placed on the thyroid ultrasound images
 assisting healthcare professionals to localize nodules in thyroid studies. The device also outputs
 ultrasonographic lexicon-based descriptors based on ACR TI-RADS. The software generates a
 report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed and approved by a qualified clinician after
 performing quality control.

 SMART-T may also be used as a structured reporting software for further ultrasound studies. The
 software includes tools for reading measurements and annotations from the images that can be
 used for generating a structured report.

 Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the basis of analysis by See-Mode
 Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid
                                                             K240697

This "510(k) Summary" was prepared per section 807.92(c).

  1.  ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION

      Date of Preparation: September 5, 2024
      Prepared by:       Sadaf Monajemi, PhD. Co-founder and Director
      Manufacturer:     See-Mode Technologies Pte. Ltd.
                      32 Carpenter Street #03-01
                         Singapore 059911
                     SINGAPORE
                           Email: sadaf@see-mode.com
                               Tel: +61 415 952 782
                      www.see-mode.com

       Official Contact:    Dr. Sadaf Monajemi, PhD, Co-founder and Director
                       See-Mode Technologies
                      32 Carpenter Street #03-01
                         Singapore 059911
                     SINGAPORE
                           Email: sadaf@see-mode.com
                      www.see-mode.com


  2.  DEVICE NAME AND CLASSIFICATION

      Trade/Proprietary Name: See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid
      (SMART-T)
      Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
      Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted detection and diagnosis software
       Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
     Review Panel: Radiology
      Regulatory Class: Class II
      Product Code: QDQ/QIH


  3.  INTENDED USE


Localization and characterization of thyroid ultrasound images.


                                                                                                              Page 1

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


  4.   INDICATIONS FOR USE


See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is a stand-alone reporting
software to assist trained medical professionals in analyzing thyroid ultrasound images
of adult (>=22 years old) patients who have been referred for an ultrasound examination.

Output of the device includes regions of interest (ROIs) placed on the thyroid ultrasound
images assisting healthcare professionals to localize nodules in thyroid studies. The
device also outputs ultrasonographic lexicon-based descriptors based on ACR TI-RADS.
The software generates a report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed and
approved by a qualified clinician after performing quality control.

SMART-T may also be used as a structured reporting software for further ultrasound
studies. The software includes tools for reading measurements and annotations from the
images that can be used for generating a structured report.

Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the basis of analysis by
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid.


  5.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION


See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is a stand-alone, web-based
image processing and reporting software for localization, characterization and reporting
of thyroid ultrasound images.

The software analyzes thyroid ultrasound images and uses machine learning algorithms
to extract specific information. The algorithms can identify and localize suspicious soft
tissue nodules and  also generate lexicon-based  descriptors, which are  classified
according to ACR TI-RADS (composition, echogenicity, shape, margin, and echogenic foci)
with a calculated TI-RADS level according to the ACR TI-RADS chart.

SMART-T may also be used as a structured reporting software for further ultrasound
studies. The software includes tools for reading measurements and annotations from the
images that can be used for generating a structured report.

The software then generates a report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed
and approved by a qualified clinician after performing quality control. Any information
within this report can be changed and modified by the clinician if needed during quality
control and before finalizing the report.

The software runs on a standard “off-the-shelf” computer and can be accessed within the
client web browser to perform the reporting of ultrasound images. Input data and
images for the software are acquired through DICOM-compliant ultrasound imaging
devices.


                                                                                                              Page 2

Traditional 510k
     See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


     The data produced by the software  is intended  to be used by trained medical
       professionals, including but not limited to physicians and medical technicians. The
      software is not intended to be used as an independent source of medical advice or to
      determine or recommend a course of action or treatment for patients.


        6.  SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

             6.1.   Predicate Device

           Manufacturer: TaiHao Medical Inc.
           Trade Name: BU-CAD
           510(k) Identifier: K210670
            Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
            Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software
            For Lesions Suspicious For Cancer
             Classification Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software
            For Lesions Suspicious For Cancer
             Classification Panel: Radiology
           Regulatory Class: Class II
           Product Code: QDQ, LLZ
           Date Cleared: December 21, 2021

             6.2.   Tabular Comparison of Features and Specifications of the Subject
                 Device, Predicate Device, and Reference Device


             Subject Device             Predicate Device            Reference Device
           See-Mode Augmented     BU-CAD (K210670)         Koios DS (K212616)
             Reporting Tool, Thyroid
            (SMART-T)
           (K240697)
Administrative information

Regulation   21 CFR 892.2090          21 CFR 892.2090           21 CFR 892.2060

               Radiological                  Radiological                   Radiological
              computer-assisted detection  computer-assisted detection   computer-assisted diagnostic
            and diagnosis software for   and diagnosis software for     software for lesions
               lesions suspicious for cancer  lesions suspicious for cancer   suspicious of cancer
Regulatory   Class II                       Class II                        Class II
Class


                                                                                                                       Page 3

Traditional 510k
     See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


             Subject Device             Predicate Device            Reference Device
           See-Mode Augmented     BU-CAD (K210670)         Koios DS (K212616)
             Reporting Tool, Thyroid
            (SMART-T)
           (K240697)
Product     QDQ, QIH                 QDQ, LLZ                   POK, QIH
Code

510(k)      K240697                K210670                 K212616
Number

Intended Use

Indications  See-Mode Augmented      BU-CAD is a software          Koios DS is an artificial
for Use       Reporting Tool, Thyroid      application indicated to assist   intelligence (AI)/machine
             (SMART-T) is a stand-alone   trained interpreting            learning (ML)-based
              reporting software to assist   physicians in analyzing the     computer-aided diagnosis
              trained medical              breast ultrasound images of    (CADx) software device
               professionals in analyzing    patients with soft tissue       intended for use as an
              thyroid ultrasound images    breast lesions suspicious for    adjunct to diagnostic
               of adult (>=22 years old)     breast cancer who are being    ultrasound examinations of
               patients who have been       referred for further diagnostic  lesions or nodules
               referred for an ultrasound    ultrasound examination.       suspicious for breast or
              examination.                                               thyroid cancer.
                                       Output of the device includes
             Output of the device          regions of interest (ROIs) and  Koios DS allows the user to
              includes regions of interest   lesion contours placed on       select or confirm regions of
              (ROIs) placed on the thyroid  breast ultrasound images       interest (ROIs) within an
              ultrasound images assisting   assisting physicians to identify image representing a single
              healthcare professionals to   suspicious soft tissue lesions   lesion or nodule to be
                localize nodules in thyroid   from up to two orthogonal      analyzed. The software then
                studies. The device also      views of a single lesion, and    automatically characterizes
              outputs ultrasonographic     region-based analysis of       the selected image data to
              lexicon-based descriptors     lesion malignancy upon the    generate an AI/ML-derived
             based on ACR TI-RADS. The   physician’s query. The         cancer risk assessment and
              software generates a report   region-based analysis           selects applicable
             based on the image analysis   indicates the score of lesion    lexicon-based descriptors
               results to be reviewed and    characteristics (SLC), and      designed to improve overall
             approved by a qualified      corresponding BI-RADS        diagnostic accuracy as well
                clinician after performing     categories in user-selected     as reduce interpreting
               quality control.             ROIs or ROIs automatically     physician variability.
                                               identified by the software. In
            SMART-T may also be used    addition, BU-CAD also         Koios DS may also be used as
              as a structured reporting     automatically classifies lesion  an image viewer of
              software for further          shape, orientation, margin,     multi-modality digital
              ultrasound studies. The      echo pattern, and posterior     images, including ultrasound
              software includes tools for    features according to BI-RADS  and mammography. The
              reading measurements and   descriptors.                   software includes tools that


                                                                                                                       Page 4

Traditional 510k
     See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


             Subject Device             Predicate Device            Reference Device
           See-Mode Augmented     BU-CAD (K210670)         Koios DS (K212616)
             Reporting Tool, Thyroid
            (SMART-T)
           (K240697)
              annotations from the images                               allow users to adjust,
               that can be used for        BU-CAD may also be used as   measure and document
              generating a structured      an image viewer of            images, and output into a
               report.                      multi-modality digital images,  structured report.
                                            including ultrasound and
               Patient management        mammography. The software   Koios DS software is
              decisions should not be       includes tools that allow users  designed to assist trained
           made solely on the basis of    to adjust, measure and         interpreting physicians in
               analysis by See-Mode       document images, and output  analyzing the breast
            Augmented Reporting Tool,   into a structured report (SR).   ultrasound images of adult
              Thyroid.                                              (>= 22 years) female
                                             Patient management decisions  patients with soft tissue
                                        should not be made solely on   breast lesions and/or
                                          the basis of analysis by         thyroid ultrasounds of all
                                     BU-CAD.                       adult (>= 22 years) patients
                                                                    with thyroid nodules
                                                                          suspicious for cancer. When
                                                                                  utilized by an interpreting
                                                                         physician who has
                                                                  completed the prescribed
                                                                                   training, this device provides
                                                                       information that may be
                                                                            useful in recommending
                                                                        appropriate clinical
                                                               management.
Intended     Patients with thyroid         Patients with soft              Patients with thyroid nodules
Population   nodules                       tissue breast lesions           suspicious for cancer
          who are being referred     who are being referred         (Prescription only)
                for ultrasound scan           for ultrasound
               (Prescription only)           interpreting
                                             (Prescription only)
Image        Ultrasound images          Ultrasound images            Ultrasound images
Source

Rx only?      Yes                         Yes                          Yes
Technological Characteristics


                                                                                                                       Page 5

Traditional 510k
     See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


             Subject Device             Predicate Device            Reference Device
           See-Mode Augmented     BU-CAD (K210670)         Koios DS (K212616)
             Reporting Tool, Thyroid
            (SMART-T)
           (K240697)
Application  The subject device is a      BU-CAD is a software system   Koios DS is a
Description  stand-alone, web-based      designed to assist users in     computer-aided diagnosis
            image processing and        analyzing breast ultrasound    (CADx) software device
              reporting software for       images including identification intended for use as an
                localization, characterization  of regions suspicious for breast adjunct to diagnostic
            and reporting of thyroid      cancer and assessment of their ultrasound examinations of
              ultrasound images.           malignancy. BU-CAD consists   lesions or nodules
                                              of a viewer, a lesion            suspicious for breast or
            The software analyzes         identification module, and a    thyroid cancer.
              thyroid ultrasound images    lesion analysis module.
            and uses machine learning                                Koios DS allows the user to
              algorithms to extract specific The lesion identification        select or confirm regions of
               information. The algorithms  module identifies regions of    interest (ROIs) within an
             can identify and localize       interest (automated ROIs) of a  image representing a single
              suspicious soft tissue         single suspicious soft tissue     lesion or nodule to be
             nodules and also generate    lesion in up to two orthogonal  analyzed. Koios DS software
              lexicon-based descriptors,    views of breast ultrasound     contains functionality for
            which are classified         images for assisting users in    automatically classifying
              according to ACR TI-RADS    detecting soft tissue lesions.    thyroid nodules suspicious
              (composition, echogenicity,   Additionally, the lesion          for cancer.
              shape, margin, and echogenic identification module
                 foci) with a calculated        generates an ROI and a lesion  The system generates an
            TI-RADS category according  contour on each breast        output aligned to either the
               to the ACR TI-RADS chart.    ultrasound image.            TI-RADS or ATA classification
                                                                               guidelines. The system
            The software then generates  The lesion analysis module     automatically generates
             a report based on the image  analyzes given ROIs of a breast user-modifiable thyroid
               analysis results to be          lesion on ultrasound images,   nodule descriptors
             reviewed and approved by a  and generates a score of lesion (Composition, Echogenicity,
               qualified clinician after        characteristics (SLC) in terms  Shape, Margin, Echogenic
             performing quality control.   of malignancy or benignity of a Foci) and a direct,
            Any information within this   lesion, BI-RADS category, and   image-derived cancer risk
              report can be changed and   BI-RADS descriptors.          assessment that is translated
             modified by the clinician if                                    into an optional
            needed during quality                                          lexicon-specific (TI-RADS or
               control and before finalizing                            ATA) modifier.
              the report.
Anatomical  Thyroid                     Breast                       Thyroid and Breast
Location
Input        Medical images             Medical images               Medical images
             provided in a DICOM         provided in a DICOM          provided in a DICOM
             format                     format                      format


                                                                                                                       Page 6

Traditional 510k
     See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


             Subject Device             Predicate Device            Reference Device
           See-Mode Augmented     BU-CAD (K210670)         Koios DS (K212616)
             Reporting Tool, Thyroid
            (SMART-T)
           (K240697)
Output      ROIs placed on thyroid       ROIs and lesion              Thyroid
             nodules                    contours placed on           TI-RADS lexicon descriptors
                                           suspicious soft               based on user-selected ROIs
            TI-RADS lexicon descriptors  tissue lesion
                                                               TI-RADS category according
            TI-RADS category according  BI-RADS lexicon descriptors    to the ACR TI-RADS chart
               to the ACR TI-RADS chart
                               A region-based score        A direct, deep-learning
                                              of lesion malignancy           derived cancer risk
                                                                   assessment that is translated
                                     BI-RADS category              into an optional
                                                                                lexicon-specific modifier.

                                                             The software’s direct,
                                                                        non-descriptor-based cancer
                                                                                risk assessment is presented
                                                                        as the Koios “AI Adapter” that
                                                                   can be used in conjunction
                                                                    with the ACR TI-RADS or ATA
                                                                           guidelines for nodule risk
                                                                                    stratification

                                                                  Breast
                                                                            Categorical and continuous
                                                                      outputs (confidence level
                                                                              indicator) that align to
                                                                      BI-RADScategories

                                                                 Auto classification of
                                                               BI-RADS lexicon descriptors
                                                                     (shape and orientation)
Operating    Client-server technology.      Client-server technology        Client-server technology
Platform

Image      DICOM                 DICOM                  DICOM
Format

2D viewing   Yes                         Yes                          Yes
capabilities

Image        Yes                         Yes                          Yes
storage and
report
generation


                                                                                                                       Page 7

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


       6.3.   Comparison with Predicate and Reference Devices

Similarities

  ●  Intended Use: The intended use of SMART-T is the same as that of the legally
      marketed predicate device, BU-CAD. Both are intended to be used by clinicians
       interpreting radiological images to help them localize and characterize soft tissue
        lesions. SMART-T and the predicate device are both intended to be used concurrently
      with the reading of images and are not intended as a replacement for the review of a
        clinician or their clinical judgment.

  ●  Target Population: SMART-T, BU-CAD, and Koios DS share the same intended
       population. All devices are intended to be used for assisting trained interpreting
       clinicians in analyzing patients with soft tissue lesions or suspicious nodules that are
      being referred for diagnostic ultrasound examination.

  ●  Localization and Characterization: See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid
      (SMART-T) is similar to BU-CAD, the legally marketed predicate device, in its intent
       to localize soft tissue lesions in ultrasound images. While the reference Koios DS
       device analyzes thyroid lesions, it relies on users to manually identify the nodules,
      whereas the subject device automatically localizes the nodules.

       Additionally, similar to the predicate and reference devices, the subject device
       characterizes nodules based on lexicon descriptors. The subject device (SMART-T),
       predicate device (BU-CAD), and reference device (Koios DS) all use established
        classification systems for their ultrasonographic lexicon descriptors. They all use the
      American College of Radiology Systems for describing soft tissue lesions or nodules.
      The ACR atlases provide standardized imaging terminology, report organization,
      assessment structure, and a classification system, which enables radiologists to
      communicate results clearly and consistently. The predicate BU-CAD device uses
     ACR BI-RADS for breast ultrasound images. Both SMART-T and the reference Koios
     DS device use ACR TI-RADS for analyzing and reporting thyroid ultrasound images.

      Both BU-CAD and SMART-T automatically localize soft tissue findings, with the
       findings classified in line with lexicon descriptors. Similar to BU-CAD, our subject
       device provides automatic regions of interest (ROIs), rather than manually selected,
       to localize thyroid nodules. The ROI highlights the bounding box around the
       detected nodules for the user to easily review and make their own assessment.

  ●  Performance Testing: When comparing  clinical validation between SMART-T,
     BU-CAD and Koios DS, the devices were evaluated using similar endpoints in their
        clinical studies. The Area Under the Curve (AUC) shift was used when comparing the
      performance of users with and without the aid of the device.


                                                                                                              Page 8

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


      The number of cases evaluated in the MRMC reader study for BU-CAD was 628, the
     number of cases for Koios DS was 650 and the reader study for SMART-T included
     600 cases. The number of readers included in the BU-CAD reader study was 16 (14
       radiologists and 2 breast surgeons), the number of readers for Koios DS was 15 (14
       radiologists and 1 endocrinologist) and the number of readers for SMART-T was 18
        (all radiologists).

      Following the primary endpoint, the AUC shift between predicate and subject device
     was similar. Similarly, the MRMC for BU-CAD showed an improvement of readers’
      determination of BI-RADS descriptors (Shape, Orientation, Margin, Echo Pattern,
      and Posterior Features) for at least one or more subcategories for each descriptor.
      The MRMC study for SMART-T, however, showed reader improvement in all TI-RADS
       descriptors (Composition, Echogenicity, Shape, Margin and Echogenic Foci).

      The  SMART-T MRMC  reader  study  demonstrated  substantially  equivalent
      performance to BU-CAD and Koios DS by showing similar study design, success
        criteria and performance.

Differences

  ●  Anatomical Regions: BU-CAD is specifically focused on breast ultrasound images,
      whereas See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) analyzes thyroid
      ultrasound images. This  is aligned with our reference device, Koios DS, which
       assesses and characterizes both breast lesions and thyroid nodules using ultrasound
      image data. SMART-T localizes thyroid nodules and characterizes the nodule with
       their lexicon descriptors (composition, echogenicity, shape, margin, echogenic foci)
       in line with ACR TI-RADS.

  ●  Modality: Contrary to BU-CAD and Koios DS, SMART-T only interprets ultrasound
       images. SMART does not analyze mammography images or other multi-modality
        digital images.

The technological characteristics of the subject device and its predicate and reference
device have been evaluated to determine equivalence. Upon reviewing and comparing
intended  use,  design,  materials,  principle  of  operation, and  overall  technological
characteristics, the subject device is determined to be substantially equivalent to predicate
and reference devices.

Both devices (subject device and predicate) have the same intended use and are indicated
for the same use. The subject device uses standard principles of operation, methods, and
algorithms for processing, measurement, and quantification of the images and is intended
to be used by trained professionals, which is similar to the predicate and reference devices.


                                                                                                              Page 9

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


The comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical performance data, clinical
data, and software validation data demonstrate that See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool,
Thyroid (SMART-T) is as safe and effective when compared to the predicate and reference
devices that are currently marketed for similar intended use and indications for use. The
table above provides a comparison between the proposed subject device, the predicate
device, and the reference device.


  7.  PERFORMANCE DATA - CLINICAL AND BENCH TESTING

The performance of our device has been validated both in an MRMC reader study and
standalone, as described below:

  ●  Standalone Study: To evaluate the standalone performance of our device, where the
      output of the models are directly compared against ground truth labels.

  ●  Multi-reader Multi-Case (MRMC) Study: To compare the performance of expert
      readers (radiologists) with and without the aid of our device. The study evaluated
       the readers’ localization and characterisation of thyroid nodules in scenarios both
      unaided and aided. In the MRMC study, we had 18 radiologists read 600 cases from
     600 patients twice, once with the aid of the device and once without. There was a
      one-month washout period in between the two reads.


To ensure the generalizability and satisfactory performance of our models on new, unseen
data, all cases in our MRMC study were sourced from institutions or sources not part of the
model training or development datasets. The preceding results of this study, demonstrating
the models' success with data from novel institutions, have been presented.

The performance of the device was evaluated across different sub-groups of patient sex,
patient age, nodule size, ultrasound machine, data sources (US vs. Non-US), reader category
(US vs. Non-US), and reader experience.

Data Selection

The dataset has been collected retrospectively from thyroid ultrasound images of patients
who have been referred for an ultrasound examination. The study consisted of 600 cases
from unique patients with 74% of the data acquired from the US. The age range is
respective of the target population with an 81.5% female cohort. The ethnicity distribution
in our dataset is representative of the broader US population.


                                                                                                             Page 10

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


The cases in the dataset contained both negative and positive biopsy results with all
TI-RADS levels represented. The data is sampled such that the distribution of the data
accounts for patient sex, age, nodule size, malignancy, a priori clinical ACR TI-RADS level
and a minimum sample is present for each subgroup. The data was curated from images
sourced from accepted ultrasound systems, such as GE Healthcare, Philips Medical Systems
and Siemens Medical Systems.

The patient distribution of the dataset:

  ●  Patient sex
       ○  Female: 489 cases
       ○  Male: 111 cases
  ●  Patient age
       ○  <30 years: 29 cases
       ○  30-49 years: 131 cases
       ○  50-69 years: 320 cases
       ○  70+ years: 120 cases

Reader Selection

The study consisted of 18 board-certified radiologists with experience ranging from 0 to 11
+ years. All readers were trained and used the American College of Radiology guidelines for
interpreting thyroid ultrasound studies. Each reader was asked to identify the nodule,
select TI-RADS lexicon descriptors, select TI-RADS category, and a nodule suspicion score
with and without the aid of the subject device.


Establishing ground truth

In both the standalone and the MRMC study we evaluated the performance of our software
on localisation, TI-RADS descriptors, and FNA outcomes. The ground truthing approach for
each is described below:

  ●  Ground truth labels of benign or malignant status were assigned to the nodule for
      each case, sourced from the reference standard of FNA or 2 year follow-up for
      benign status.

  ●  The ground truth labels for localisation, ACR TI-RADS lexicon descriptors, and
      TI-RADS level agreement were based on the labels of two expert US-board certified
       radiologists and an adjudicator (also US-board certified radiologist with the most
       years of experience). This allowed for evaluating the accuracy of the readers in aided


                                                                                                             Page 11

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


      and unaided fashion, as well as evaluating the standalone performance of the device
       in localisation and classifying nodules against ground truth labels.


Performance improvement with LROC

Given that our device is intended for both localisation and characterisation, LROC analysis
together with AULROC and LROC curves are essential for evaluating the performance of our
device.

The results of the LROC analysis are shown in the table below. We have considered IOU >
0.5 as the criterion for successful location detection in the LROC analysis. In this analysis,
the malignant cases where the detection IOU is below or equal to 0.5 are penalised as false
negative.


    IOU      Average Aided AUC   Average Unaided AUC      Standalone
   Criteria       (95% CI)          (95% CI)          (95% CI)

  IOU > 0.5    0.758 (0.711, 0.803)    0.736 (0.693, 0.780)    0.703 (0.642, 0.762)


To provide a comprehensive analysis and evaluate the performance of our device with
various IOU thresholds, we have obtained AULROCs for different IOU thresholds ranging
from 0.5 to 0.8 with 0.1 increments as shown in the table below. It was observed that the
use of the device results in an improved AULROC performance for the readers across
different IOU thresholds. Specifically, AULROC is improved significantly when applying
more rigorous IOU criteria (>0.6, >0.7, and >0.8), showing the promise of the device to
improve readers’ performance.


                             Average Reader AUC (95% CI)
                                                               Difference
 Analysis           Aided             Unaided         (Aided – Unaided)
 AURLOC
   IOU > 0.5   0.758 (0.711, 0.803)    0.736 (0.693, 0.780)    0.022 (-0.012, 0.056)
   IOU > 0.6   0.734 (0.682, 0.781)    0.682 (0.632, 0.730)    0.052 (0.008, 0.093)
   IOU > 0.7   0.686 (0.629, 0.740)    0.548 (0.490, 0.610)    0.138 (0.082, 0.195)
   IOU > 0.8   0.593 (0.529, 0.658)    0.356 (0.293, 0.423)    0.237 (0.168, 0.307)


Identification and localisation of nodules

To evaluate the localisation performance of the device, we calculated the average accuracy
of the readers on localisation in aided and unaided scenarios, as well as the standalone
performance. Localisation accuracy for each reader is calculated as the number of cases


                                                                                                             Page 12

Traditional 510k
 See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


 where the reader’s bounding box has an overlap greater than 0.5 with the ground truth,
 divided by the total number of cases.


                     Average Aided    Average Unaided   Standalone (95%
                   (95% CI)        (95% CI)               CI)

     Localisation
                   95.6% (94.1, 97.0)   93.6% (92.1, 95.0)       95.1%
      Accuracy


 As demonstrated in the table above, the aid of our device results in superior performance of
 the readers for localising thyroid nodules. It was also observed that the results of the
 algorithm are consistent across different sub-groups.


 Thyroid lexicon descriptors

 Aside from localisation, the other output of our device is characterisation of thyroid
 nodules according to ACR TI-RADS lexicon descriptors. In the table below, we have
 calculated the accuracy of the readers in determining each of the ACR TI-RADS descriptors
 (composition, echogenicity, shape, margin, and echogenic foci). We have also evaluated the
 standalone performance of the device on TI-RADS lexicon descriptors. As described above,
 the ground truth for the TI-RADS descriptors  is the consensus labels of two expert
 US-board certified radiologists and an adjudicator (also US-board certified radiologist with
 the most years of experience).


                    Average Aided     Average Unaided    Standalone (95%
TI-RAD Descriptor
                   (95% CI)         (95% CI)                CI)

   Composition      84.9% (82.2, 87.5)   80.4% (77.3, 83.4)        86.7%

   Echogenicity      77.4% (74.4, 80.3)   70.0% (67.0, 72.8)        68.2%

      Shape        90.8% (88.2, 93.1)   86.4% (83.7, 88.8)        93.4%

     Margin        73.5% (70.2, 76.7)   57.3% (53.3, 61.2)        58.4%

  Echogenic Foci     75.2% (71.9, 78.5)   71.1% (67.1, 74.9)        70.3%


 As can be seen from the table above, the device provides significant improvement and
 achieves superiority for characterizing all lexicon descriptors according to ACR TI-RADS. It


                                                                                                              Page 13

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


was also observed that the results of the algorithm are consistent across different
sub-groups.

Attaining superiority across  all TI-RADS descriptors  is a strong proof point for the
performance of our device, as  it aligns with  its primary function and intended use
according to the ACR TI-RADS guideline.


TI-RADS level agreement

The accuracy of TI-RADS (TR) levels is critical as  it directly informs clinical decisions
regarding patient management according to the ACR TI-RADS guideline. To evaluate the
impact of our device on TR level agreement, we have compared the overall TR level
agreement percentage of each of the readers against the ground truth in both aided and
unaided scenarios. As described above, the ground truth for the TI-RADS descriptors and,
therefore the TR level, is based on the consensus labels of two expert US-board certified
radiologists and an adjudicator (also US-board certified radiologist with the most years of
experience).

To further evaluate the level of agreement, we also calculated the agreement for each TR
level (TR-1 to TR-5). The agreement percentage for each TR level for each reader is
calculated by dividing the number of cases where a reader’s TR level matches the ground
truth TR level by the total number of cases with that specific TR level. The average TR level
agreement is then calculated as the average over all the readers.


                     Average Aided    Average Unaided   Standalone (95%
     TI-RADS
                   (95% CI)        (95% CI)               CI)

                                                                63.8 (60.0, 67.7)       Overall       60.0% (56.8, 63.3)   51.1% (47.8, 54.5)

       TR-1        59.0% (42.3, 74.9)   52.9% (37.3, 68.3)    61.9 (40.0, 82.6)

       TR-2        38.1% (31.1, 45.6)   31.2% (24.6, 38.1)    41.1 (31.7, 50.4)

       TR-3        68.9% (62.6, 74.9)   58.8% (52.2, 65.4)    71.7 (64.9, 78.3)

       TR-4        61.4% (56.5, 66.3)   52.1% (47.2, 57.0)    65.5 (59.1, 71.6)

       TR-5        71.3% (61.8, 80.5)   62.0% (52.2, 71.5)    77.0 (66.1, 87.3)


                                                                                                             Page 14

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


The table above highlights a significant improvement in TR level agreement among readers
with the use of the device. It is important to note that TR level agreement has been
improved across all TR levels, from TR-1 to TR-5, with particularly significant gains at
higher TR levels (TR-3, TR-4, and TR-5). Notably, these higher TR levels (TR-3 to TR-5) are
the levels that are of high clinical importance with follow-up or FNA considerations. It was
also observed that the results of the algorithm are consistent across different sub-groups.


Subgroup analysis

Subgroup analysis of patient sex (female, male), patient age (<30, 30-49, 50-69, 70+),
nodule size (<10mm, 10-15mm, 15-20mm, 20-25mm, >=25mm), ultrasound machine (GE,
Philips, Samsung, Siemens, Canon/Toshiba), reader category (US/Canada, Non-US/Canada),
reader experience (0-3 years, 4-7 years, 8-10 years, >=11 years), and source of data (US,
non-US) from the MRMC reader study were performed. The readers aided by SMART-T
achieved consistent performance across all of the subgroups.


Conclusion

The results of our MRMC reader study shows improvement in reader performance with the
aid of our device. Based on these results it was observed that the use of the device results in
superior  performance  of  the  readers  on  nodule  localisation,  TI-RADS  lexicon
characterisation, and TR level agreement. The use of the device can also improve the
performance of the readers with regards to malignancy and benignity status.

The standalone performance of the device is also on-par with the aided use of our device,
indicating the validity of our algorithms. The outputs of our study are in line with the
intended use of See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid.


  8.  NON-CLINICAL DATA

The design and development of SMART-T has been implemented according to recognised
standards. See-Mode Technologies has performed software verification and validation
testing for the subject device according to the FDA’s guidance document “Content of
Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions,” as well as “IEC 62304:2006/AC:
2015 - Medical Device Software - Software Lifecycle Processes”. Special Controls were
added according to 21 CFR 892.2090, “DEN180005 Evaluation of automatic class  III
designation for OsteoDetect – Decision summary with special controls”.


                                                                                                             Page 15

Traditional 510k
See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid


The risk analysis was completed and the hazard risk analysis has been submitted as part of
this application. It has been observed that all the risks identified with the subject device are
acceptable and have been reduced as far as possible in accordance with ISO 14971:2019
Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices.


  9.  CONCLUSIONS

A detailed analysis has been conducted between See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool,
Thyroid (SMART-T) and  its predicate and reference devices.  It  is noted that no new
additional questions of safety and effectiveness are raised by these technologies. Through
reviewing the similarities and differences of the intended use, technological characteristics
and principles of operation, as well as assessing the clinical and non-clinical performance
data, See-Mode Augmented Reporting Tool, Thyroid (SMART-T) is as safe, as effective and
performs as well as the predicate and reference devices.


                                                                                                             Page 16