August 21, 2024
Subtle Medical, Inc.
℅ Jared Seehafer
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd Ste 120
South San Francisco, California 94080


Re: K240290
    Trade/Device Name: AiMIFY (1.x)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: July 18, 2024
    Received: July 18, 2024

Dear Jared Seehafer:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240290 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K240290 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                     Digitally signed by
                                                      Douglas W. Fletcher -S

                                                  for
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                         and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K240290

Device Name
AiMIFY (1.x)


Indications for Use (Describe)
AiMIFY is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
increase contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), contrast enhancement (CEP), and lesion-to-brain ratio (LBR) of enhancing tissue
in brain MRI images acquired with a gadolinium-based contrast agent. It is intended to enhance MRI images acquired
using standard approved dosage per the contrast agent’s instructions for use.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K240290

AiMIFY 510(k) Summary


Table 1. Contact Details & Device Name

 Date Summary Prepared:           2024-08-20

 Contact Details

 Applicant Name:                    Subtle Medical, Inc.

 Applicant Address:               883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205
                               Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States

 Applicant Contact:               Ms. Ronny Elor

 Applicant Contact Telephone:       (925) 324-8467

 Applicant Contact Email:           ronny@subtlemedical.com

 Correspondent Name:            Enzyme Corporation

 Correspondent Address:           611 Gateway Blvd, Ste 120
                                   South San Francisco, CA 94080 United States

 Correspondent Contact:            Mr. Jared Seehafer

 Correspondent Contact Telephone:  (415) 638-9554

 Correspondent Contact Email:     jared@enzyme.com

 Device Name

 Device Trade Name:            AiMIFY (1.x)

 Common Name:                   Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:                System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Regulation Number:               892.2050

 Product Code:                LLZ

 Device Class:                        Class II

 Legally Marketed Predicate          Predicate #: K223623
 Device:                               Predicate Trade Name: SubtleMR
                                        Predicate Manufacturer: Subtle Medical


                                   AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                       Page 1

K240290

Device Description Summary
      The AiMIFY device is a software as a medical device consisting of a machine learning software
       algorithm that enhances images taken by MRI scanners. AiMIFY consists of a software algorithm that
      improves contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), contrast enhancement (CEP), and lesion-to-brain ratio (LBR) of
      Gadolinium-Based Contrast Agent (GBCA) enhanced T1-weighted images while maintaining diagnostic
       performance, using deep learning technology. It is a post-processing software that does not directly
        interact with the MR scanner and does not have a graphical user interface. It is intended to be used by
        radiologists  in an imaging  center,  clinic, or  hospital. The AiMIFY software uses T1 pre and
        post-contrast MR images acquired as part of standard of care contrast-enhanced MRI exams as the
       software input. The outputs are the corresponding images with enhanced contrast presence. AiMIFY
       enhances DICOM images.

     AiMIFY image processing software uses a convolutional neural network based algorithm to enhance the
       AiMIFY-contrast  images  from  pre-contrast and  standard-dose  post-contrast  images. The image
       processing can be performed on MRI images with predefined or specific acquisition protocol settings as
       follows: gradient echo (pre- and post-contrast), 3D BRAVO (pre- and post-contrast), 3D MPRAGE (preand post-contrast), 2D T1 spin echo (pre- and post-contrast), T1 FLAIR/ inversion recovery spin echo
        (pre- and post-contrast).

      The AiMIFY image is created by AiMIFY and sent back to the picture archiving and communication
      system (PACS) or other DICOM node by the compatible MDDS for clinical review.

      Because the software runs in the background,  it has no user interface. It is intended to be used by
        radiologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital.

       Note, depending on the functionality of the compatible MDDS, AiMIFY can be used within the
         facility’s network or remotely. The AiMIFY device itself is not networked and therefore does not
       increase the cybersecurity risk of  its users. Users are provided cybersecurity recommendations in
        labeling.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
     AiMIFY is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can
      be used to increase contrast-to-noise ratio (CNR), contrast enhancement (CEP), and lesion-to-brain ratio
      (LBR) of enhancing tissue in brain MRI images acquired with a gadolinium-based contrast agent. It is
       intended to enhance MRI images acquired using standard approved dosage per the contrast agent’s
        instructions for use.

Intended Use / Indications for Use Comparison
     AiMIFY and SubtleMR are both intended to enhance 2D/3D T1 imaging data from MRI imaging
       systems.

                                   AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                       Page 2

K240290

Technological Comparison
      The following table shows the similarities and differences between the technological characteristics of
       the predicate and subject devices.

      Table 2. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

        Topic             Predicate Device                            Subject Device

         Physical          Software package that operates on off-the-shelf  Same
         Characteristics    hardware

     DICOM         The software processes DICOM compliant     Same
        Standard         image data
       Compliance

        Operating        Linux                                Same
        System

        Modalities      MRI                                Same

        User Interface    None – enhanced images are viewed on       Same
                              existing PACS workstations

       Workflow        The software operates on DICOM files on the   Same
                                    file system, enhances the images, and stores
                             the enhanced images on the file system. The
                               receipt of original DICOM image files and
                             delivery of enhanced images as DICOM files
                          depends on other software systems. Enhanced
                         images co-exist with the original images.

        Algorithm       SubtleMR implements an image enhancement   AiMIFY implements an image
                            algorithm using convolutional neural network   enhancement algorithm using
                          based filtering. Original images are enhanced    convolutional neural network based
                        by running through a cascade of filter banks,      filtering. The model performs non-linear
                         where thresholding and scaling operations are    scaling of the contrast uptake between the
                              applied. Separate neural network based filters    pre- and post-contrast images to improve
                              are obtained for noise reduction and sharpness   the visualization of the areas in the brain
                               increase. The parameters of the filters were       that have absorbed the contrast material.
                            obtained through an image-guided
                             optimization process.

        Inputs           SubtleMR processes a single input image (with  AiMIFY processes two input images (T1
                        low SNR or low resolution) and outputs a        pre-contrast and T1 post-contrast) and
                              single image with higher SNR or resolution.     outputs a single image with a higher
                                                                                     relative CNR.

        Processing       SubtleMR processes the input image slice by   AiMIFY processes the input image in a
                                 slice in a 2D fashion using a ResNET style      2.5D fashion using a UNet style neural
                             neural network.                               network.


                                   AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                       Page 3

K240290

       Fundamentally, both devices enhance images from input data provided by MR imaging systems. Though
        there are technological differences, they do not present different questions of safety and effectiveness,
      and the methods for assessing the safety and effectiveness of the subject device are substantively similar
        to those of the predicate device.

Predetermined Change Control Plan
     AiMIFY has a Predetermined Change Control Plan for planned changes to improve the generalizability
       of the AiMIFY Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) model, to reduce processing time, and
      improve perceived image quality.

      Improved generalizability of the AiMIFY AI/ML model is expected to affect the labeled limitations of
      AiMIFY, as the model will be more generalizable than the cleared version of the device. Improvements
       planned include additional training and/or performance data to add more gadolinium-based contrast
       agents, add additional patient ages (infants and children), add additional clinical conditions, and add
        additional scanner models. The AiMIFY AI/ML model is planned to be retrained with additional output
       channels to reduce processing time, and shall be subject to the same performance testing endpoints and
       acceptance criteria as the cleared version of the device.

       Additionally, an optional pre-processing feature is planned that consists of an algorithm which will
       suppress  vessel enhancement of the AiMIFY AI/ML model to reduce vessel conspicuity in the
      AiMIFY-enhanced images and resulting in improved perceived image quality. The vessel suppression
       algorithm  shall be  subject  to  the same performance  testing performance  testing endpoints and
       acceptance criteria as the cleared version of the device, along with the additional endpoints that lesions
        in AiMIFY-enhance images  with  vessel  suppression  should have  equivalent CNR, LBR, CEP
      improvements than images without suppression and that the CNR, LBR, CEP around small and large
       blood vessels are lower in AiMIFY-enhance images with vessel suppression than without. The vessel
       suppression algorithm shall be subject to the same performance testing dataset used in the cleared
       version of the device, along with additional data containing lesions that appear like blood vessels to
       demonstrate that the vessel suppression algorithm doesn’t incorrectly suppress enhancement of the
        lesion in this edge case situation.

       All changes shall be performed as a part of Subtle Medical’s Design Change Control process in a
       Quality Management System that  is ISO 13485:2016 and MDSAP certified. All impacted design
       documentation, testing documentation, and labeling shall be updated appropriately for each change.
      None of the changes shall  result in a change to the Indications for Use, Cautions, performance
       endpoints, or acceptance criteria of AiMIFY. Each change to AiMIFY shall be accompanied by a
       software  version-specific  Customer  Release  Notes  describing  the change  along  with  software
        version-specific User Manual (with updated Limitations description if applicable) and other updated
        labeling.


                                   AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                       Page 4

K240290

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions
       Dataset Characteristics:

      The dataset used for the quantitative and qualitative tests consists of 95 T1 brain cases with a variety of
        protocols, contrast agent, MRI scanners, and patient demographics.

      The images varied in acquisition including:
       ●  T1 input protocols: BRAVO, MPRAGE+, FLAIR, FSE.
       ●  Orientation: axial, sagittal, coronal
       ●  Acquisition type: 2D, 3D

      The images were acquired from various scanners:
       ●  Field strength: 0.3T, 1.5T, 3.0T
       ●  Vendors: GE, Philips, Siemens, Hitachi

      The images were sourced from a variety of patients:
       ●  Age: Relatively even distribution from age 7 to 86.
       ●  Sex: Relative event distribution of females and males.
       ●  Pathologies:  Cerebritis, Glioma, Meningioma, Lymphoma, Metastases, Multiple  Sclerosis,
                Neuritis, Inflammation, Other tumor related (resection / radiation necrosis / suspected cyst / etc.),
               other abnormalities
       ●  Population Demographics*: California, USA; New York, USA; Nationwide, USA; Beijing,
             China

      *Due to privacy practices, ethnicities of the training and testing data is unknown but can be inferred
       based on the population demographics from where they were sourced. The population demographics of
       data sources used for training and testing are as follows per the Census.gov July 2022 Estimates. In
        California, USA, the population of 39m people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White
       alone 70.7%, Black or African American alone 6.5%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1.7%,
      Asian alone 16.3%, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.5%, Two or More Race
      4.3%, Hispanic or Latino 40.3%, and White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 34.7%. In New York, USA,
       the population of 20m people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White alone 68.6%, Black
       or African American alone 17.7%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1%, Asian alone 9.6%,
       Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.1%, Two or More Race 2.8%, Hispanic or
       Latino 19.7%, and White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 54.2%. In the overall USA, the population of
     333m people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White alone 75.5%, Black or African
      American alone 13.6%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1.3%, Asian alone 6.3%, Native
      Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.3%, Two or More Race 3%, Hispanic or Latino
      19.1%, White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 58.9%.


                                   AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                       Page 5

K240290

Quantitative Assessment (Bench Test):

In  addition  to software  verification &  validation, performance bench  testing was conducted to
demonstrate  the safety and efficacy of applying AiMIFY to enhance contrasted images using a
convolutional neural network on clinically acquired pre- and post-contrast brain images. To evaluate the
performance of the software, Subtle quantitatively evaluated the 95 acquired studies recruited from
clinical sites or hospitals. Of these cases, it was found during the Reader Study that 57 of them had
lesions. The acquired studies include pre-contrast, post-contrast, and AiMIFY  images from various
sites, age ranges, manufacturers, scanner models, orientations, and magnitudes of field strengths. They
were used to assess the superiority of the AiMIFY against the acquired post-contrast image using
Contrast Enhancement Percentage (CEP), Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR), and Lesion-to-Brain Ratio
(LBR) to perform the analysis.

The primary endpoint of the quantitative test was that the CNR, LBR, and CEP of a selected region of
interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved by greater than or equal to 50% after AiMIFY
enhancement compared to the traditionally acquired contrast images.

Two ROIs were drawn by a board-certified radiologist for each case to capture the enhancing lesion and
brain parenchyma. An ROI was drawn at the superior sagittal sinus region without an enhancing lesion.
The post-contrast image was labeled where the ROI was copied to the AiMIFY image with relevant
metrics on the case. The ROI is designed to estimate the signal intensity value.

Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR) was determined to be 559.94% across all 95 cases, and 831.70%
for the 57 lesion-only cases. The CNR of the AiMIFY images is significantly higher (Wilcoxon
signed-rank test, p < 0.0001) than that of the standard post-contrast images. The high increase of CNR of
AiMIFY images compared to standard post-contrast images is due to the fact that both the contrast
between a lesion and the normal parenchyma is increased by AiMIFY and also the noise of the images is
reduced by the denoising module of AiMIFY.

Lesion-to-Brain Ratio (LBR) was determined to be 62.07% across all 95 cases, and 58.80% for the
57  lesion-only  cases. The Contrast Enhancement Percentage (CEP) between the acquired
post-contrast image and AiMIFY was determined to be 133.29% across all 95 cases, and 101.80%
for the 57 lesion only cases. The LBR and the CEP metric of the AiMIFY images are both significantly
better (Wilcoxon signed-rank test, p-value < 0.0001) than that of the standard post-contrast images. Both
metrics are measuring the main effects of AiMIFY, which is the increase of signal intensity of enhancing
tissue, measured as CEP and leading to higher LBR.

In summary, these results prove that the AiMIFY images are enhanced with the acquired post-contrast in
terms of the signal intensity value from the brain parenchyma to the enhanced lesion.


                             AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                  Page 6

K240290

Qualitative Assessment (Reader Study):

The AiMIFY Reader Study aimed to demonstrate image enhancement of contrasted MRI images by
applying AiMIFY  post-processing  enhancement  software  using  convolutional  neural  networks.
Specifically, 3 board-certified neuro-radiologists evaluated the Perceived Visibility of anatomic features
and lesions. The primary diagnostic categories were (1) Meningioma, (2) Glioma, (3) Lymphoma, (4)
Metastases, (5) Infection, (6) Cerebritis, (7) Multiple Sclerosis, (8) Neuritis, (9) Other tumor-related
(resection  / radiation necrosis  / suspected cyst  / etc.), and (10) Other abnormality. The readers were
presented with both the pre- and post-contrast input images and the AiMIFY enhanced image. Readers
were asked to evaluate the Perceived  Visibility of Lesion Contrast Enhancement, Lesion Border
Delineation, and Lesion Internal Morphology on a 4-point Likert scale. Additionally, readers were asked
to evaluate Perceived Image Quality, Artifact Presence, and Vessel Conspicuity on a 4-point Likert
scale.

The primary endpoint of the qualitative test was the visibility of lesion features (lesion contrast
enhancement, border delineation, and internal morphology) for cases with identified lesions in the test
datasets should be statistically significantly better for AiMIFY processed images per the Wilcoxon
signed rank test by p<0.05.

Lesion Contrast Enhancement, Border Delineation, and Internal Morphology were significantly
better than standard post-contrast by p<0.0001. Therefore, results provide evidence that AiMIFY
provides a significant improvement of lesion contrast enhancement, border delineation, and internal
morphology visualization.

The secondary endpoint of the qualitative test was the visibility of perceived image quality and image
artifacts for all cases in the test datasets for AiMIFY processed images should NOT be statistically
significantly worse than standard post-contrast images per the Wilcoxon signed rank test by p<0.05.

Perceived Image Quality and  Artifact Presence And Impact On  Clinical  Diagnosis were
significantly not worse than standard post-contrast by p<0.0001. Additionally, two of three readers
demonstrated that Perceived Image Quality is better than standard post-contrast by p<0.0001. Therefore,
these results provide evidence that AiMIFY does not have worse perceived image quality or artifacts
that impact diagnosis, and may have higher perceived image quality.

In addition to the primary and secondary endpoints, the study contained several exploratory endpoints to
characterize AiMIFY’s performance.

Exploratory Endpoints:

Vessel Conspicuity


                             AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                  Page 7

K240290


The first exploratory endpoint was the evaluation of user preference of vessel conspicuity for all cases in
the test datasets for AiMIFY processed images to establish the limitations of AiMIFY.

Compared to 3.51% of standard post-contrast cases, 11.58% of AiMIFY cases were rated as likely to
impact diagnosis due to vessel conspicuity. However, in 90% of cases vessel conspicuity was assessed as
unlikely to impact or having no impact on diagnosis. This shows that the potential negative impact of the
higher vessel conspicuity with AiMIFY is limited. Additionally, a further breakdown of results by reader
revealed that there was significant variability in reader preference regarding vessel conspicuity.

False Lesion Analysis

The second exploratory endpoint was the evaluation of false lesion frequency, cause, and severity for all
cases in the test datasets for AiMIFY processed images to establish a caution statement for AiMIFY.

73% of cases did not have false lesions, 4% of cases with false lesions did not have impact on diagnosis,
9% of cases with false lesions had minor impact on diagnosis, 14% of cases with false lesions had major
impact on diagnosis (4% being due to false lesions that are introduced by AiMIFY, 2% due to quality of
input images, and 8% being due to a combination of both causes). 100% of cases received scores from
all readers that the Standard-of-Care image was sufficient to identify the false lesion(s).

Lesion Size

To establish the range of lesions that AiMIFY is validated to be used on the size of lesions in the 95 test
subject validation datasets used for AiMIFY quantitative and qualitative assessment was performed.

AiMIFY has been validated with lesion sizes ranging from 1.23 cc to 7.08 cc with 95% CI, and has been
tested on lesions as small as 0.02 cc and as large as 59.83 cc. AiMIFY processed images had greater
lesion contrast enhancement than standard-of-care post-contrast images for both small lesions (<1cc:
AiMIFY = 3.57 versus Original = 2.71) and large lesions (>1cc: AiMIFY = 3.77 versus Original = 3.23).
This establishes the range of lesion sizes over which AiMIFY performance has been validated, and that
enhancement is seen in both small (<1cc) and large (>1cc) lesions.

Radiomics

Radiomics analysis was performed to assess the similarity in the texture related features of the lesions as
well as parenchyma tissue / healthy tissue, using the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC) as the
metric, on 95 subject datasets (the same data from the AiMIFY Quantitative Assessment described
above).


                             AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                  Page 8

K240290

The similarity in the texture measured as Concordance Correlation Coefficient (CCC) between AiMIFY
input and output images in seven radiomics feature classes were  all >= 0.65 for lesion  tissue.
Specifically, the CCC in the seven radiomics feature classes ranged from 0.68 to 0.89, which are all >=
0.65, for lesion tissue. Seven radiomics feature classes of SOC and AiMIFY-enhanced have a good
correlation for lesion tissue.

The similarity in the texture measured as CCC between AiMIFY input and output images in seven
radiomics feature classes were all >= 0.8 for parenchyma tissue / healthy tissue. Specifically, the CCC in
the seven radiomics feature classes ranged from 0.82 to 0.92, which are all >= 0.8, for parenchyma
tissue  / healthy tissue. Seven radiomics feature classes of SOC and AiMIFY-enhanced have a good
correlation for parenchyma tissue / healthy tissue.

Dose Appearance

To assess whether AiMIFY-enhanced images have a high-dose-like appearance, the ‘dose concentration’
of AiMIFY-enhanced images to standard post-contrast images was compared using a physics-based
formula. “BRAVO” sequence images were chosen for this evaluation due to the widely accepted signal
evolution equation which is well established in the literature. On average, AiMIFY-enhanced images had
93% more  dose  concentration  than  standard  post-contrast  images,  indicating  they do have  a
high-dose-like appearance.

In addition, the training and validation datasets were compared in terms of CNR increase, where the
training dataset compared CNR increase from low-dose to regular-dose post-contrast images while the
testing  dataset compared CNR increase from standard regular-dose post-contrast images and the
AiMIFY-enhanced post-contrast images. Both datasets had significant increases in CNR increase.

SubtleMR

The AiMIFY device makes use of the SubtleMR device (K223623) as a denoising module in its
post-processing  engine. As  the  SubtleMR  device  was  not  previously  tested  or  trained  on
AiMIFY-processed images, validation of SubtleMR using the validation tests described in K223623 was
conducted to ensure performance of that device on this new type of input data.

When using SubtleMR in AiMIFY post-processing, average scores between the original and SubtleMR
enhanced images are <= 0.5 Likert scale points for visibility of small structures. Specifically, the average
score between original and SubtleMR enhanced images was 0.05 points. These results demonstrate that
SubtleMR’s denoising does not over-smooth images processed by the AiMIFY algorithm.

When using SubtleMR in AiMIFY post-processing, average scores difference between the original and
SubtleMR enhanced images are <= 0.5 Likert scale points for perceived SNR, Image Quality, Image


                             AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                  Page 9

K240290

Artifact Scores.  Specifically,  the average SNR score difference between original and SubtleMR
enhanced images was 0.05 for Septum Pellucidum, 0.08 for Cranial Nerves, and 0.07 for Cerebellar
Folia. The average image quality/diagnostic confidence score difference between original and SubtleMR
enhanced images was 0.11 for Septum Pellucidum, 0.04 for Cranial Nerves, and -0.05 for Cerebellar
Folia. The average imaging artifacts score difference between original and SubtleMR enhanced images
was 0.11 for Septum Pellucidum, 0.14 for Cranial Nerves, and 0.05 for Cerebellar Folia.

These  results demonstrate that SubtleMR’s denoising does not negatively impact perceived SNR,
perceived image quality/diagnostic confidence, or imaging artifacts in images processed by the AiMIFY
algorithm.

When evaluating for SNR improvement, the average SNR improvement was 14%, greater than the 5%
acceptance criteria established in the SubtleMR validation, indicating that SubtleMR can denoise images
processed by the AiMIFY algorithm.


Conclusion:

These results demonstrate that the AiMIFY is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                             AiMIFY 510(k) Summary
                                 Page 10