Avicenna.AI
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells, US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

                                                  May 31, 2024Re: K240612
    Trade/Device Name: Cina-VCF
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: March 5, 2024
    Received: March 5, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240612 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K240612
Device Name
CINA-VCF
Indications for Use (Describe)
CINA-VCF is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
patients aged 50 years and over undergoing non-enhanced or contrast-enhanced CT scans which
include the chest and/or abdomen.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists
within the standard-of-care bone health setting in workflow triage by flagging and communication of
suspected positive cases of Vertebral Compression Fractures (VCF) findings.
CINA-VCF uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used
as a diagnostic device.
The results of CINA-VCF are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(K) SUMMARY

                             AVICENNA.AI’s CINA-VCF
                               K240612Submitter

        Applicant:
            AVICENNA.AI
               ZI Athelia, 297 Av. du Mistral Bât. A,
            13600 La Ciotat France

       Contact Person:
             Stephane Berger
              Regulatory Manager
             Phone: +33 6 12 12 28 13
               E-mail: stephane.berger@avicenna.ai

       Date prepared: May 28, 2024


Device Identification

        Name of Device:       CINA-VCF
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer-assisted triage
                               and notification software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:       QFM
           Regulatory Class:        Class II
            Classification Panel:      Radiology devices


Predicate Device

The CINA-VCF device is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device with regard to
indications for use, performance, and technological characteristics:

            510(k):                K222692
          Trade Name:             BriefCase
           Manufacturer:            Aidoc Medical Vision Ltd.
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QFM
           Regulatory Class:        Class II


Device Description

CINA-VCF is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.

CINA-VCF runs on a standard “off the shelf” server/workstation and consists of VCF Image Processing
Application, which can be integrated, deployed and used with the CINA Platform (cleared under
K200855) or other compatible medical image communications devices. CINA-VCF receives nonenhanced or contrast-enhanced CT scans (which include the chest and/or abdomen) identified by the
CINA Platform or other compatible medical image communications device, processes them using
algorithmic methods involving execution  of multiple computational steps  to  identify suspected
presence of Vertebral Compression Fractures (VCF) findings and generates results  files to be
transferred by CINA Platform or a similar medical image communications device for output to a PACS
system or workstation for worklist prioritization.

DICOM images are received, recorded and filtered before processing. The series are processed
chronologically by running algorithms on each series to detect suspected positive findings of a
vertebral compressions fracture (VCF).

The device uses deep learning models to detect VCF at the T1-L5 level. The models were trained endto-end on a dataset of 886 series collected from multiple centers in the USA and France satisfying the
device protocol and representing a large distribution of scanner models from Siemens, Philips, GE
and Canon (formerly Toshiba), acquisition protocols, spine presentation and fracture location and
severity. Additional models, trained on subsets of this dataset, are used to locate the spine, identify
the vertebra bodies and exclude vertebra which have been subjected to vertebroplasty or contains
orthopedic material.

The Worklist Application displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case is marked with an
icon. In addition, compressed, grayscale, unannotated images that are captioned “not for diagnostic
use” is displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes
only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for diagnostic use beyond
notification.

Presenting the specialist with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by allowing prioritization of
images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would have been the case
in the standard of care practice alone.

The CINA Platform is an example of medical image communications platform for integrating and
deploying the CINA-VCF image processing applications. It provides the necessary requirements for
interoperability based on the standardized DICOM protocol and services to communicate with existing
systems in the hospital radiology department such as CT modalities or other DICOM nodes (DICOM
router or PACS for example). It is responsible for transferring, storing, converting formats, notifying of
suspected findings and displaying medical device data such as radiological data. The CINA Platform
server includes the Worklist client application which receives notifications from the CINA-VCF Image
Processing application.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

CINA-VCF is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in patients
aged 50 years and over undergoing non-enhanced or contrast-enhanced CT scans which include the
chest and/or abdomen.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists within
the standard-of-care bone health setting in workflow triage by flagging and communication of
suspected positive cases of Vertebral Compression Fractures (VCF) findings.
CINA-VCF uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic
device.

The results of CINA-VCF are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians
are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.


Summary of Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

        Software Verification and Validation Testing

CINA-VCF complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) – Developed by
the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association. NEMA PS
3.1 - 3.20.

Avicenna.AI conducted extensive performance validation  testing and software  verification and
validation testing of the CINA-VCF device as standalone software. CINA-VCF is tested against its user
needs and intended use by the successful execution of planned software verification and validation
testing included in this submission.

Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the CINA-VCF met all
design requirements and specifications associated with the intended use of the software.

       Standalone Performance Testing

Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational and blinded study with the CINAVCF application with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying
vertebral compression fractures (VCF) on non contrast-enhanced/contrast-enhanced Chest and/or
Abdominal CT images performed for another clinical indications than for thoraco-lumbar vertebral
compression fractures assessments, including at least three (3) consecutive measurable vertebrae in
the T1-L5 portion of the spine, in 474 clinical anonymized cases.

The data was provided from multiple US (66.9%) and OUS (33.1%) clinical sites. There were 180
(37.9%) positive cases (CT with VCF) and 294 (62.1%) negative cases included in the analyses. The
data was acquired by 4 different scanner makers and 38 different scanner models.

Multiple subgroups of interest were considered in the analysis. Mean age of patients included in the
study was 72.1 ± [SD] 10.1 yo (MIN = 50 yo and MAX = 100 yo) and 50.8% were female. Data were
acquired from different regions across the US to account for race/ethnicity in the intended US patient
population. Additional scanner parameters considered were slice thickness, number of detector rows,
and kVp ranges, contrast vs non-contrast, imaging protocol (chest and/or abdomen), reconstruction
kernel (soft/standard). Detailed subgroup analysis were reported in the labeling.


Device Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic curve (ROC AUC) was computed against
the ground truth established by consensus of three US-board-certified expert radiologists, as the
primary endpoint, in accordance with the established required technical method under the QFM
product code. A case was considered positive if at least one moderate or severe vertebral compression
fracture located within the thoracic or lumbar spine was identified by the experts.

Sensitivity, Specificity and Accuracy, were also assessed as additional analyses.

The secondary endpoint was CINA-VCF time-to-notification, which was compared to the predicate
device for true positive cases only, as provided by the predicate device - BriefCase (Aidoc Medical -
K222692).

The ROC AUC was 0.974 [95% CI: 0.962 - 0.986], which exceeded the 0.95 performance goal, thus,
achieving the primary endpoint.


Sensitivity and Specificity were 95.2% [95% CI: 90.7% – 97.9%] and 92.9% [95% CI: 89.4% – 96.5%],
respectively. Similarly, the overall agreement (Accuracy) was 93.7% [95% CI: 91.1% - 95.7%], which
represents very good predictions.

The CINA-VCF prioritization and triage effectiveness (time-to-notification) was evaluated by the
standalone per-case processing time of the device, which corresponds to time between the end of the
DICOM reception (made available for VCF image processing) and the end of processing (positive or
negative identification). The results are presented below:

         Table 1: Time-to-Notification for CINA-VCF Image Processing Application

                      Time-to-                          MEAN ± SD  MEDIAN    95% CI    MIN  MAX                Notification (seconds)

               CINA-VCF
                         All cases         23.4 ± 8.4     21.0     [22.7 - 24.2]   9.0   60.0
                  (N = 474)

               CINA-VCF
              True Positive cases    21.7 ± 7.5     20.0     [20.5 - 22.8]   9.0   45.0
                  (N = 158)


The mean [95% CI] time-to-notification for all included cases (n = 474) was estimated to be 23.4 [95%
CI: 22.7 – 24.2] seconds for CINA-VCF.

When taking into account only true positive cases (n = 158), the mean [95% CI] time-to-notification
was 21.7 [95% CI: 20.5 – 22.9] seconds for CINA-VCF and 117.2 [95% CI: 98.64 – 135.85] seconds
for BriefCase, the selected predicate device.

The performance testing of the CINA-VCF device establishes that the subject device is as safe and
effective as the predicate device and compatible with the same clinical use, since the performances
demonstrated the clinical effectiveness of the subject device and  its ability to provide effective
prioritization and triage, which  is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device. This
establishes that CINA-VCF device achieves its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


Substantial Equivalence

The subject CINA-VCF and the predicate BriefCase device are both intended to assist hospital
networks and appropriately trained medical specialists within the standard-of-care bone health setting
in workflow  triage by  flagging and communication  of suspected  positive cases  of  Vertebral
Compression Fractures (VCFx) findings based on the analysis of medical images acquired from
radiological signal acquisition systems. The CINA device provides the CINA Platform in which the
subject CINA-VCF prioritization and triage application can be integrated, deployed and used. The
labeling of the subject and the predicate devices clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic
use. The subject CINA-VCF device and the predicate BriefCase are software packages with
substantially similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, and incorporate deep
learning AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and to display
unannotated preview images. In both devices, the labeling instructs the user to further evaluate and
diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

The subject CINA-VCF and the predicate BriefCase device operate in parallel to the standard of care
workflow in the sense that they do not change the original image, do not provide any marking on the
output preview, and do not remove images from the standard of care FIFO (First-in-first-out) queue,
thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the images by the attending specialists. The subject and
predicate devices achieve time-to-notification performance improvements in a similar range of time
and thus contribute similarly to effective triage and early involvement of the specialist in evaluating
suspected images of vertebral compression fractures.

The standalone performance and effectiveness assessment studies demonstrated that the CINA-VCF
device performs as intended is therefore substantially equivalent to the BriefCase predicate device.

The table below compares the key features of the subject and the predicate devices.

Table 2: Comparison of key features between CINA-VCF and predicate device (Aidoc Medical
                                       Vision Ltd)

Subject    device:   CINA-VCF  Predicate device: BriefCase Software
             Software                        (K222692)
Intended Use  CINA-VCF    is   a   radiological  BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
/  Indications  computer   aided    triage   and   triage and notification software indicated
                  notification software indicated forfor Use                                                    for use  in  the  analysis  of  chest and
             use in patients aged 50 years and                                              abdominal CT images. The  device  is              over undergoing non-enhanced or
                                                 intended to assist hospital networks and              contrast-enhanced CT scans which
                                                     appropriately trained medical specialists               include the chest and/or abdomen.
            The device  is intended to assist   within the standard-of-care bone health
                hospital      networks      and   setting in workflow triage by flagging and
                appropriately    trained   medical  communication  of  suspected  positive
                 specialists within the standard-of-                                             cases of Vertebral Compression Fractures
              care  bone   health   setting   in                                             (VCFx) findings.              workflow  triage by  flagging and
                                                BriefCase uses an  artificial  intelligence              communication    of   suspected
                positive   cases    of   Vertebral  algorithm to analyze images and highlight
             Compression   Fractures   (VCF)  cases  with  detected  findings  on  a
                 findings.                          standalone application in parallel to the
            CINA-VCF   uses  an    artificial  ongoing   standard   of   care   image
                 intelligence algorithm  to analyze                                                          interpretation. The device does not alter
             images and highlight cases with                                                   the  original medical image and  is not               detected findings on a standalone
                                                 intended to be used as a diagnosis device.                application   in   parallel   to  the
              ongoing standard of care image  The results of BriefCase are intended to
                 interpretation. The device does not  be used in conjunction with other patient
                  alter the  original medical image,  information   and   based   on    their
             and it is not intended to be used as                                                    professional  judgment,  to  assist  with
             a diagnostic device.                                                             triage/prioritization  of  medical  images.            The  results  of  CINA-VCF  are
                                                        Notified  clinicians  are  responsible  for               intended to be used in conjunction
                                                 viewing  full images per the standard of                with other patient information and
                                                     care.             based on professional judgment to
                assist  with  triage/prioritization  of
              medical images. Notified clinicians
               are   ultimately   responsible   for
               reviewing   full  images  per  the
              standard of care.
User          Trained medical specialists within  Hospital  networks  and   appropriately
population     standard-of-care   bone   health   trained  medical  specialists  within  the
                settings                           standard of-care bone health setting
Anatomical    Chest and/or abdomen.            Chest and abdomen
region     of
interest
Data         Non-enhanced        /     contrast-  Chest and abdominal CT scans
acquisition    enhanced CT scans of the chest
protocol       and/or abdomen.
Passive      Yes                          Yes
notification-

Subject    device:   CINA-VCF  Predicate device: BriefCase Software
              Software                        (K222692)
 only, parallel
 workflow tool
 Interference   No                        No
 with standard
 workflow
 Algorithm        Artificial intelligence algorithm          Artificial intelligence algorithm
 Preview       Presentation    of   compressed,  Presentation of compressed, low-quality,
 images        grayscale,  unannotated  images  grayscale,  unannotated  image  that  is
                  that is marked “not for diagnostic  captioned “not for diagnostic use”
                use”
 Alteration  of  No                        No
 original
 image
 Removal   of  No. The device operates in parallel  No. The device operates in parallel with
 cases   from  with the standard of care, which  the standard of care, which remains the
 worklist       remains the default option for  all   default option for all cases.
 queue         cases.
 Structure     -VCF image processing application   -  AHS  module  (orchestrator,  image
                       - Compatibility of use with the CINA   acquisition);
                Platform  device   (worklist  and   - ACS module (image processing);
              Image Viewer)  or other medical   - Aidoc Desktop application for workflow
              image communications device       integration  (feed  and  non-diagnostic
                                           Image Viewer).


Conclusion

CINA-VCF and BriefCase have the same intended use and  substantially  similar  indications,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation. The following is a summary of the substantial
equivalence comparison:

          -  The predicate device is legally marketed.

          -  CINA-VCF has the same intended use as the predicate device, i.e., Aidoc Medical Vision
            Ltd. 's BriefCase, and therefore it may be found substantially equivalent.

          -  CINA-VCF and the predicate device have very similar indications for use.

          -  CINA-VCF has similar technological characteristics as the predicate device,  i.e., the
          deployment of an artificial intelligence algorithm with a database of images.

-   Standalone performance study demonstrates  that the CINA-VCF and the predicate
           BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely, accurate
           detection of findings within the processed study.

Accordingly, the subject CINA-VCF device is substantially equivalent to the predicate BriefCase device