April 24, 2024
Philips Ultrasound LLC
Michael Chambers
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Highway
BOTHELL WA 98021

Re: K240850
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems; Affiniti Series Diagnostic
                        Ultrasound Systems
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH, OBJ
    Dated: March 25, 2024
    Received: March 27, 2024

Dear Michael Chambers:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240850 - Michael Chambers                                                           Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
Device Name
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems;
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems
Indications for Use (Describe)
EPIQ:
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and
surgeon with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure
uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Affiniti:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be

operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Special 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: _____________________________K240850

Date Prepared: March 27, 2024


      I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and        Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy Bothell,
                       WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information          Mike Chambers
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (315) 262-7702

       Secondary Contact             Erdit Gremi
                                            Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Philips Ultrasound LLC
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 798-8092

      II.     Device

         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                       Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Regulation Description       Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                   Primary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,
                                                                   892.1550      IYN
                                           ultrasonic
                                 Secondary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed echo,
                                                                   892.1560      IYO
                                           ultrasonic
                                      Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic  892.1570       ITX
                                  Automated Radiological Image
                                                                   892.2050      QIH
                                     Processing Software
                                        Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200      OBJ*
                                        *EPIQ only

        Device Class                 Class II

       Review Panel                 Radiology

        Predicate Device            K233788; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                   K233788; Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

        Reference Devices          K212466; LVivo Seamless
                                   K161382; LVivo Software Application with LVivo SG

III.     Device Description

The purpose of this Special 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the Smart View Select (SVS)
software application onto the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and to introduce the
Segmental Wall Motion software application onto both the EPIQ and  Affiniti Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound Systems.

Smart View Select is an automated software feature that assists the user in selection of images for
analysis with the existing Philips AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV application in Adult Echo Transthoracic
(TTE) examination. This feature automatically classifies each acquired image by view and selects an
appropriate set of images for left ventricle (LV) analysis. The classification is based on a Deep Learning
AI interface engine; the selection is a non-AI algorithm that considers the view classification and image
depth to select the optimal set of images.

The Segmental Wall Motion software automatically evaluates the segmental (regional) function of the
left ventricle (LV) from adult TTE echo examinations. For input, the SWM algorithm uses 3 apical views
(A4C, A2C and A3C) and performs border detection and tracking to identify each of the LV segments
based on the three views. The application then provides segmental wall motion scores for each of the
17 segments of the LV by using machine learning algorithms and an overall wall motion score index
(WMSI) is calculated as the average of the segmental scores.

No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti systems are required when using SVS or SWM, and
existing, cleared Philips TTE transducers are used with these software applications.

The SVS feature is supported by all EPIQ models running software version 11.0 or higher including
EPIQ CVx/CVxi, EPIQ Elite Advanced, EPIQ Elite, EPIQ 7, EPIQ 5. The SWM feature is supported by
the same EPIQ models running software version VM11.0 or higher, as well as  all Affiniti models
including Affiniti CVx, Affiniti 70, Affiniti 50, and Affiniti 30. The SVS and SWM software features are
associated with the cardiac adult indication.

IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use

EPIQ Intended Use

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body.

EPIQ Indications for Use:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic  (Neonatal),  Fetal/Obstetric,  Gynecological,  Intraoperative  (Vascular),  Intraoperative
(Cardiac),  intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the introduction

of the SVS or SWM software applications. These software applications are associated with the Cardiac
Adult indication.


Affiniti Intended Use:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body.

Affiniti Indications for Use:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the Affiniti Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the introduction
of the SWM software application. This software applications is associated with the Cardiac Adult
indication.

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate

         The purpose of the submission is to introduce the SVS software application feature to the EPIQ Series
           Diagnostic Ultrasound System and the SWM software application to both EPIQ and Affiniti. The subject
           device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K233788).


                                         Table 1: Comparison to Predicate - EPIQ

             EPIQ Series Diagnostic                         LVivo Seamless       LVivo Software
                                EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                 Ultrasound System                                                       Application
                                       Ultrasound System
    Feature       Features: SVS and                            K212466          Feature: LVivo SG         Comparison
                                       K233788
               SWM                                Reference Device         K161382
                                          Predicate Device
                Proposed Device                                                Reference Device
                Abdominal, Cardiac     Abdominal, Cardiac     LVivo platform is        LVivo platform is         Identical to predicate
                   Adult, Cardiac other     Adult, Cardiac other     intended for non-        intended for non-
                    (Fetal), Cardiac           (Fetal), Cardiac         invasive processing of   invasive processing of
                   Pediatric, Cerebral       Pediatric, Cerebral      ultrasound images to    ultrasound images to
                 Vascular, Cephalic      Vascular, Cephalic       detect, measure, and    detect, measure, and
                    (Adult), Cephalic         (Adult), Cephalic         calculate relevant        calculate relevant
                  (Neonatal),              (Neonatal),             medical parameters of   medical parameters of
                   Fetal/Obstetric,          Fetal/Obstetric,          structures and function  structures and function
                 Gynecological,          Gynecological,           of patients with           of patients with
                  Intraoperative            Intraoperative          suspected disease.     suspected disease.
                  (Vascular),              (Vascular),
                  Intraoperative            Intraoperative
Indications for  (Cardiac), intra-luminal,  (Cardiac), intra-luminal,
    Use        intra-cardiac echo,       intra-cardiac echo,
                 Musculoskeletal         Musculoskeletal
                  (Conventional),          (Conventional),
                 Musculoskeletal         Musculoskeletal
                    (Superficial),              (Superficial),
                 Ophthalmic, Other:      Ophthalmic, Other:
                 Urology, Pediatric,      Urology, Pediatric,
                  Peripheral Vessel,       Peripheral Vessel,
                Small Organ (Breast,    Small Organ (Breast,
                  Thyroid, Testicle),       Thyroid, Testicle),
                Transesophageal       Transesophageal
                  (Cardiac), Transrectal,   (Cardiac), Transrectal,
                  Transvaginal, Lung.     Transvaginal, Lung.
                 Trained healthcare      Trained healthcare      Trained healthcare      Trained healthcare       Identical to predicate
                  professionals            professionals            professionals            professionals

                 Intended for            Intended for
                sonographers,          sonographers,
                  physicians, and          physicians, and
                 biomedical engineers    biomedical engineers
             who operate and      who operate and
                 maintain your product.   maintain your product.

Intended Users  Before use of the       Before use of the
               system and user       system and user
                   information, the user     information, the user
               must be familiar with    must be familiar with
                 ultrasound techniques.  ultrasound techniques.
               Sonography training    Sonography training
               and clinical procedures  and clinical procedures
                 are not included in the   are not included in the
               User Manual or with the User Manual or with the
             EPIQ Series Diagnostic EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                 Ultrasound System.     Ultrasound System.
                    Clinics, hospitals, and    Clinics, hospitals, and   Professional healthcare  Professional healthcare  Identical to predicate
 Intended User   clinical point-of-care for  clinical point-of-care for  environments          environments
 Environment   diagnosis of patients.    diagnosis of patients.

EPIQ Series Diagnostic                         LVivo Seamless       LVivo Software
                                EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                 Ultrasound System                                                       Application
                                       Ultrasound System
    Feature       Features: SVS and                            K212466          Feature: LVivo SG         Comparison
                                       K233788
               SWM                                Reference Device         K161382
                                          Predicate Device
                Proposed Device                                                Reference Device
                Class II                Class II                Class II                Class II                   Identical to predicate
  USA FDA
 Classification

               IYN                 IYN                QIH                LLZ                       Identical to predicate
   Primary
 Product Code

                System, Imaging,       System, Imaging,      Automated Radiological Medical image           Identical to predicate
   Primary                Pulsed Doppler,        Pulsed Doppler,       Image              management and
  Regulation                  Ultrasonic               Ultrasonic              Processing Software    processing system.
   Name

               21 CFR 892.1550      21 CFR 892.1550      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050        Identical to predicate
   Primary
  Regulation
   Number

                ITX                  ITX                 N/A                 N/A                       Identical to predicate
  Secondary   IYO                IYO
Product Codes OBJ              OBJ
              QIH                QIH
                 Diagnostic ultrasonic    Diagnostic ultrasonic   N/A                 N/A                       Identical to predicate
                 transducer              transducer
                  Ultrasonic pulsed echo  Ultrasonic pulsed echo
                imaging               imaging
  Secondary
               system               system
  Regulation
                 Diagnostic              Diagnostic
   Name
                   intravascular catheter    intravascular catheter
               Automated Radiological Automated Radiological
               Image               Image
                Processing Software    Processing Software
               21 CFR 892.1570      21 CFR 892.1570      N/A                 N/A                       Identical to predicate
  Secondary               21 CFR 892.1560      21 CFR 892.1560
  Regulation               21 CFR 870.1200      21 CFR 870.1200
   Number               21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050
  Reusable-    Yes                Yes                  No, software-only       No, software-only        Identical to predicate
 Systems and
 Transducers
                  Limited (≤ 24 hours)     Limited (≤ 24 hours)     N/A, software-only      N/A, software-only       Identical to predicateDuration of use
                Track 3                Track 3                N/A, software-only      N/A, software-only       Identical to predicate Device Track
               Smart View Select is an The predicate EPIQ    The LVivoSeamless    The LVivoSG is a      The subject EPIQ Series
               automated software     Series Diagnostic       software is a            decision support        Diagnostic Ultrasound
                  feature that assists the  Ultrasound System      standalone application  system (software) for   System integrates the LVivo
                 user in selection of     does not currently have  that extends the LVivo  automated segmental   Seamless algorithm of the
               images for analysis     a dedicated software    Platform and runs        wall motion evaluation  K212466 reference device
                  with the existing Philips  application containing    offline on a server. The  of the left ventricle (LV). as “Smart View Select” and
                 AutoStrain LV or 2D     the functionality        system accepts echo   The LVivoSG is based   the LVivo SWM module of
                Auto LV application in   introduced in the        examination that are    on a proprietary         the LVivo SG K161382
                  Adult Echo              subject submission for   sent from the US        algorithm for LV         reference device as
                  Transthoracic (TTE)      (1) automatic selection  device using DICOM     regional motion        “Segmental Wall Motion”.
  Application    examination.             of 4CH,2CH, and 3CH   communication. The    parameters calculation
  Description                          views for left ventricle   examinations contain   and wall motion        Minor changes have been
              The SWM software      (LV) analysis or (2)       clips in DICOM format.   classification.        made to the reference
                  automatically evaluates  (semi-) automated     The LVivoSeamless    The LVivoSG uses the  LVivo Seamless and LVivo
                  the segmental          segmental wall motion  scans the entire        LVivo platform to detect SG software applications in
                   (regional) function of     evaluation of the left     examination and        the LV inner borders     the subject SVS and SWM
                  the left ventricle (LV)     ventricle (LV).           selects automatically    (endocard) from which   applications, as described
                from adult TTE echo                      4CH,2CH and 3CH      the wall motion         below.
                 examinations.                                views for EF and GLS   parameters are
                                                                   evaluation and runs the  calculated. As part of
                 Note: Per FDA                             LVivoEF and the        the LVivoSG
               Guidance Technical                              LVivoStrain. The        development, the LVivo

EPIQ Series Diagnostic                         LVivo Seamless       LVivo Software
                                EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                 Ultrasound System                                                       Application
                                       Ultrasound System
    Feature       Features: SVS and                            K212466          Feature: LVivo SG         Comparison
                                        K233788
               SWM                                Reference Device         K161382
                                          Predicate Device
                Proposed Device                                                Reference Device
                Performance                                        results are sent back    platform supports also
               Assessment of                                 using DICOM         edge detection and
                   Quantitative Imaging in                       communication to the    tracking in additional
                  Radiological Device                    PACS server and        plane, the apical long
                Premarket                              become part of the      (3CH). The LVivoSG
                 Submissions, the SWM                           study. The clinician that  provides fully
                  software is a semi-                             reviews the            automated
                automated quantitative                         examinations at the     measurements of the
                 imaging algorithm, as                   PACS workstation will   regional left ventricular
                 users are generally                         be able view the output  systolic function from
                expected to review and                             of the LVivoEF and      three apical views the
                 concur with the                                  LVivoStrain as part of    four chamber (4CH),
                       initialization and                                 the study review.       two chamber (2CH)
                 generated results. The                                          and long (3CH).
                 users can also edit
                  algorithm generated
                segmental wall motion
                 scores for individual
               segments based on
                     their clinical expertise.


               LVivo Seamless AI      Not applicable – does   LVivo Seamless AI     Not applicable – does   The subject SVS software
                 neural network           not contain functionality  neural network          not contain functionality  application utilizes the
 Deep Neural                                 for optimal triplet                                      for optimal triplet          identical, unchanged deep
Network utilized                           selection                                          selection                neural network for view
   for optimal                                                                                                                     identification and optimal
triplet selection                                                                                                                                  triplet (A4C, A2C, and A3C)
                                                                                                                        selection for subsequent LV
                                                                                                                     analysis
             Yes – the subject SVS   Not applicable – does   Not applicable – scan   Not applicable – does   The subject SVS software
                software application      not contain functionality depth is not considered  not contain functionality  application adds an
               uses an additional         for optimal triplet          in the selection of the    for optimal triplet         additional heuristic logic
                   heuristic logic step, after  selection                optimal triplets for the    selection               step for preferentially
                 the deep neural network                         user                                              selecting certain scan
                    identifies the views and                                                                      depths from the reference
                determines a list of 3 clip                                                                    LVivo Seamless. The
                combinations (triplets),                                                                        Neural Network of the
                  to preferentially select                                                                            reference device is
                     triplets of shallower scan                                                                  unchanged, as described
                 depths, provided the                                                                        above. Performance testing
  Scan depth  depth exceeds 10cm                                                                   has demonstrated very
 considered for and the variation of                                                                               strong correlation between
 optimal triplet depths of each clips is                                                                            the LV analysis outputs
   selection?  1cm or less                                                                                     (EF, GLS) from clips
                                                                                                                  selected by the subject SVS
                                                                                                                software application and
                                                                                                                                     clips manually selected by
                                                                                                                                             clinical users. Therefore,
                                                                                                                  the additional heuristic logic
                                                                                                               step of the subject SVS
                                                                                                                software does not raise new
                                                                                                                       or different questions of
                                                                                                                       safety or effectiveness in
                                                                                                       comparison to the reference
                                                                                                             device K212466.
                Primary – from K161382  Not applicable – does   Not applicable – this    From K161382          Subject device
                                          not contain functionality  application does not                                 preferentially utilizes
    Border
               Secondary – from          for segmental wall       contain functionality for                              identical border initialization
  initialization
                 cleared AutoStrain LV    motion                segmental wall motion                           algorithm as reference
  algorithm(s)
               (K190913)                                                                                    device K161382.
   utilized for
segmental wall
                                                                                                                                                                                            If the reference device’s
    motion
                                                                                                                    algorithm is unsuccessful in
                                                                                                                  the subject SWM, it will use

EPIQ Series Diagnostic                         LVivo Seamless       LVivo Software
                               EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                Ultrasound System                                                       Application
                                      Ultrasound System
   Feature       Features: SVS and                            K212466          Feature: LVivo SG         Comparison
                                       K233788
              SWM                                Reference Device         K161382
                                         Predicate Device
               Proposed Device                                                Reference Device
                                                                                                                the border initialization of
                                                                                                                the cleared AutoStrain LV
                                                                                                     (K190913) as a back-up.

                                                                                                    Performance testing has
                                                                                                      demonstrated very strong
                                                                                                                           correlation between the
                                                                SWM scoring of the subject
                                                                                                               software application
                                                                                              compared to the scoring of
                                                                                                                the reference device on the
                                                                                     same clips. Therefore, there
                                                                                                             are no new or increased
                                                                                                                               risks for the use of the
                                                                                                                AutoStrain LV border
                                                                                                                                              initialization in the subject
                                                                SWM software application
                                                                                                   as a back-up.
              Users manually edit      Not applicable – does   Not applicable – this    Users must manually    In the cleared LVivo SG,
               scores using a drop-      not contain functionality  application does not      edit the borders to      users must manually adjust
            down selection             for segmental wall       contain functionality for  attempt to edit scores   the chamber borders to
                                     motion                segmental wall motion                            influence the SWM scores.
                                                                                                                            In the subject SWM on
                                                                                          VM11, users may manually
                                                                                                                        select different SWM scores
                                                                                                                                      for each segment using a
                                                                                                    drop-down menu. Any
                                                                                                           scores which are manually
                                                                                                changed from those
                                                                                                                    calculated by the software
SWM scoring                                                                                                          application will be indicated
 adjustment                                                                                        by an asterisk (*). This
                                                                                                change in editing does not
                                                                                                                  introduce new risks
                                                                                                 because it is providing a
                                                                                                                 simpler way for the user to
                                                                                                                                  edit their segmental wall
                                                                                                        motion score(s) – instead of
                                                                                                          having to edit the border
                                                                                                             contours to influence the
                                                                SWM score as on the
                                                                                                                cleared LVivo SG, user can
                                                                                                                                    directly edit each segment’s
                                                                                                           score with the drop-down.

Table 2: Comparison to Predicate - Affiniti

                        Affiniti Series Diagnostic         Affiniti Series Diagnostic     LVivo Software Application
                    Ultrasound System            Ultrasound System             Feature: LVivo SG
    Feature                        Feature: SWM                 K233788                   K161382                Comparison
                   Proposed Device              Predicate Device             Reference Device
                Abdominal, Cardiac Adult,       Abdominal, Cardiac Adult,       LVivo platform is intended for     Identical to predicate
                Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac   Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac   non-invasive processing of
                   Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,     Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,     ultrasound images to detect,
                 Cephalic (Adult),                Cephalic (Adult),               measure, and calculate relevant
                 Cephalic (Neonatal),            Cephalic (Neonatal),            medical parameters of
                   Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological,   Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological,   structures and function of
                  Intraoperative (Vascular),         Intraoperative (Vascular),         patients with suspected
Indications for  Intraoperative (Cardiac),          Intraoperative (Cardiac),         disease.
    Use        Musculoskeletal (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal (Conventional),
                 Musculoskeletal (Superficial),    Musculoskeletal (Superficial),
                 Other: Urology, Pediatric,        Other: Urology, Pediatric,
                  Peripheral Vessel,               Peripheral Vessel,
                Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,   Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
                    Testicle), Transesophageal       Testicle), Transesophageal
                  (Cardiac), Transrectal,           (Cardiac), Transrectal,
                  Transvaginal, Lung.             Transvaginal, Lung.
                 Trained healthcare              Trained healthcare              Trained healthcare                Identical to predicate
                  professionals                    professionals                    professionals

                 Intended for sonographers,      Intended for sonographers,
                  physicians, and biomedical       physicians, and biomedical
                 engineers who operate and      engineers who operate and
                 maintain your product.           maintain your product.

Intended Users
                Before use of the system and    Before use of the system and
                 user information, the user must  user information, the user must
               be familiar with ultrasound      be familiar with ultrasound
                 techniques. Sonography training techniques. Sonography training
               and clinical procedures are not  and clinical procedures are not
                 included in the User Manual or   included in the User Manual or
                  with the Affiniti Series            with the Affiniti Series
                 Diagnostic Ultrasound System.   Diagnostic Ultrasound System.
                    Clinics, hospitals, and clinical     Clinics, hospitals, and clinical    Professional healthcare           Identical to predicate
 Intended User   point-of-care for diagnosis of     point-of-care for diagnosis of     environments
 Environment   patients.                           patients.

                Class II                       Class II                       Class II                            Identical to predicate
  USA FDA
 Classification

              IYN                        IYN                       LLZ                                Identical to predicate
   Primary
 Product Code

                System, Imaging, Pulsed        System, Imaging, Pulsed        Medical image management      Identical to predicate
   Primary                 Doppler, Ultrasonic              Doppler, Ultrasonic            and processing system.
  Regulation
   Name

               21 CFR 892.1550             21 CFR 892.1550             21 CFR 892.2050                 Identical to predicate
   Primary
  Regulation
   Number

               ITX                          ITX                        N/A                                Identical to predicate
  Secondary   IYO                       IYO
Product Codes OBJ                    OBJ
              QIH                      QIH
                 Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer  Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer N/A                                Identical to predicate
  Secondary    Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging  Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging
  Regulation    system                      system
   Name       Diagnostic intravascular         Diagnostic intravascular
                  catheter                         catheter

Affiniti Series Diagnostic         Affiniti Series Diagnostic     LVivo Software Application
                     Ultrasound System            Ultrasound System             Feature: LVivo SG
    Feature                         Feature: SWM                 K233788                   K161382                Comparison
                   Proposed Device              Predicate Device             Reference Device
               Automated Radiological Image  Automated Radiological Image
                Processing Software            Processing Software


               21 CFR 892.1570             21 CFR 892.1570             N/A                                Identical to predicate
  Secondary               21 CFR 892.1560             21 CFR 892.1560
  Regulation               21 CFR 870.1200             21 CFR 870.1200
   Number               21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050
  Reusable-    Yes                       Yes                          No, software-only                 Identical to predicate
 Systems and
 Transducers
                  Limited (≤ 24 hours)             Limited (≤ 24 hours)            N/A, software-only                Identical to predicateDuration of use
                Track 3                       Track 3                        N/A, software-only                Identical to predicate Device Track
              The SWM software           The predicate Affiniti Series     The LVivoSG is a decision      The subject Affiniti Series
                  automatically evaluates the      Diagnostic Ultrasound System   support system (software) for    Diagnostic Ultrasound
                segmental (regional) function of  does not currently have a       automated segmental wall      System integrates the LVivo
                  the left ventricle (LV) from adult  dedicated software application   motion evaluation of the left   SWM module of the LVivo
             TTE echo examinations.         containing the functionality        ventricle (LV). The LVivoSG is  SG K161382 reference
                                                 introduced in the subject        based on a proprietary          device as “Segmental Wall
                 Note: Per FDA Guidance       submission for (semi-)           algorithm for LV regional motion  Motion”. The subject SWM
                 Technical Performance         automated segmental wall       parameters calculation and wall  software application utilizes
               Assessment of Quantitative      motion evaluation of the left     motion classification.            the border initialization of
                Imaging in Radiological Device   ventricle (LV).               The LVivoSG uses the LVivo     the cleared AutoStrain LV
                Premarket Submissions, the                                      platform to detect the LV inner   software in the event that
          SWM software is a semi-                                       borders (endocard) from which   the border initialization
  Application
               automated quantitative imaging                                  the wall motion parameters are   algorithm from LVivo SG is
  Description
                   algorithm, as users are                                             calculated. As part of the         unsuccessful. Otherwise,
                  generally expected to review                               LVivoSG development, the       there is no difference
               and concur with the initialization                               LVivo platform supports also    between the subject SWM
               and generated results. The                                edge detection and tracking in   software application and the
                 users can also edit algorithm                                        additional plane, the apical long  reference LVivo SG’s SWM
                generated segmental wall                                      (3CH). The LVivoSG provides   module and no changes
                motion scores for individual                                                  fully automated measurements  have been made to its
               segments based on their clinical                                      of the regional left ventricular     algorithms.
                   expertise.                                                              systolic function from three
                                                                                       apical views the four chamber
                                                                              (4CH), two chamber (2CH) and
                                                                                 long (3CH).
                 Primary – from K161382        Not applicable – does not      From K161382                  Subject device
                                                  contain functionality for                                                preferentially utilizes
               Secondary – from cleared       segmental wall motion                                                 identical border initialization
                 AutoStrain LV (K190913)                                                                          algorithm as reference
                                                                                                             device K161382.

                                                                                                                                                                                            If the reference device’s
                                                                                                                    algorithm is unsuccessful in
                                                                                                                  the subject SWM, it will use
                                                                                                                  the border initialization of
    Border
                                                                                                                  the cleared AutoStrain LV
  initialization
                                                                                                      (K190913) as a back-up.
  algorithm(s)
   utilized for
                                                                                                      Performance testing has
segmental wall
                                                                                                        demonstrated very strong
    motion
                                                                                                                             correlation between the
                                                                 SWM scoring of the subject
                                                                                                                software application
                                                                                               compared to the scoring of
                                                                                                                  the reference device on the
                                                                                      same clips. Therefore, there
                                                                                                              are no new or increased
                                                                                                                                 risks for the use of the
                                                                                                                 AutoStrain LV border
                                                                                                                                                initialization in the subject

Affiniti Series Diagnostic         Affiniti Series Diagnostic     LVivo Software Application
                    Ultrasound System            Ultrasound System             Feature: LVivo SG
   Feature                        Feature: SWM                 K233788                   K161382                Comparison
                  Proposed Device              Predicate Device             Reference Device
                                                                SWM software application
                                                                                                    as a back-up.


               Users manually edit scores      Not applicable – does not       Users must manually edit the     In the cleared LVivo SG,
                using a drop-down selection     contain functionality for          borders to attempt to edit scores users must manually adjust
                                            segmental wall motion                                           the chamber borders to
                                                                                                                      influence the SWM scores.
                                                                                                                             In the subject SWM on
                                                                                           VM11, users may manually
                                                                                                                         select different SWM scores
                                                                                                                                      for each segment using a
                                                                                                    drop-down menu. Any
                                                                                                           scores which are manually
                                                                                                changed from those
                                                                                                                     calculated by the software
SWM scoring                                                                                                          application will be indicated
 adjustment                                                                                        by an asterisk (*). This
                                                                                                change in editing does not
                                                                                                                   introduce new risks
                                                                                                 because it is providing a
                                                                                                                  simpler way for the user to
                                                                                                                                   edit their segmental wall
                                                                                                         motion score(s) – instead of
                                                                                                           having to edit the border
                                                                                                             contours to influence the
                                                                SWM score as on the
                                                                                                                cleared LVivo SG, user can
                                                                                                                                     directly edit each segment’s
                                                                                                           score with the drop-down.


            VI.     Safety Considerations

         The proposed EPIQ and  Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems, including SVS and SWM
          software applications, and compatible transducers are  all Track 3 Devices and comply with the
          referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document, Guidance for Industry and
       FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers, issued in
          February 2023.

             VII.    Nonclinical Performance Data

         The proposed modification of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was tested
             in accordance with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per the
           following standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:
               •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
               •  IEC 62366-1 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices
                    Edition 1.1 2020-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION

               •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

           Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
          provided to support the introduction of the subject SVS and SWM software applications. The activities
            to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision included, but are not limited to,
           the following:

               •   Requirements Review
               •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
               •   Product Specification Review

•   Design Reviews

In addition, two retrospective data analysis studies were performed to support the substantial
equivalence of the SVS and SWM features integrated onto EPIQ and Affiniti:

The  first study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the SVS workflow enhancement
algorithm. Three reviewers (clinical experts) participated in the manual selection of clips from subject
exam and subsequent semi-automated processing of the clips with AutoStrain LV software to evaluate
GLS and EF, which served as ground truth (average across reviewers for each output). The same
exams were processed through the SVS software for automatic selection of appropriate clips and
subsequent, un-edited evaluation of GLS and EF with AutoStrain LV. GLS and bi-plane EF results for
each subject evaluated by the reviewers (averaged across reviewers= ground truth) were compared to
the automatically obtained GLS and EF results with SVS selected clips.

The co-primary endpoints for the study were defined as agreements between GLS/EF measured via
manual clip selection and compared to SVS clip selection and GLS/EF output using AutoStrain LV
software. Agreement was measured as correlation for each output, separately for GLS and EF (coprimary endpoints). A review of the published literature and previous regulatory submissions (K130779,
K232500) informed the acceptance criteria for the study to be defined as Lower Confidence Bound for
the Pearson’s correlation coefficient to be >0.8.

The results of the co-primary endpoints analysis demonstrated very strong correlation for GLS and EF
outputs when manually selected clips were compared to SVS selected clips for the same subject
exams. Specifically, for the Pearsons’ correlation coefficient was 0.911 (95%CI 0.855,0.946) and 0.941
(95%CI 0.903,0.965), for GLS and EF, respectively. The lower confidence bounds were 0.855 for GLS
and 0.903 for EF, thereby meeting the predefined acceptance criteria for the study.

A separate study was conducted to assess the use of Segmental Wall Motion (SWM), a machine
learning-based feature in quantification of Wall Motion Score Index (WMSI) in transthoracic (TTE)
ultrasound clips obtained from subjects referred for clinical TTE exam. The study evaluated the
performance of the integrated SWM algorithm compared to LVivo SWM (DiA Imaging Analysis)
application (ground truth) in the quantification of WMSI for the same subjects’ exams. The study was
executed in 2 phases with a 7-day washout period between the phases. In phase 1, three reviewers
(clinical experts) participated in the manual selection of representative clips from subject TTE exams
and subsequent processing of the clips with LVivo application for WMSI output, which served as ground
truth in the study (average across reviewers). In phase 2, the manually selected clips as well as SVS
selected clips (clips selected by the SVS workflow algorithm from subject exams used in phase1) were
processed by the same 3 reviewers with the integrated (subject) SWM algorithm for WMSI output, in a
random order.

A review of published  literature within the cardiac assessment space and previous regulatory
submissions (K130779, K223771, K232500) informed the acceptance criteria for the study to be defined
as Lower Confidence Bound for the Pearson’s correlation coefficient to be >0.8 for each endpoint.
Acceptance criteria were defined prior to study execution.

The results of the co-primary endpoints analysis demonstrated very strong correlation for manual and
SVS selected clips and assessed for WMSI of the subject SWM algorithm when compared to the ground
truth. Specifically, the Pearsons’ correlation coefficient was 0.957 (95%CI 0.933,0.972) and 0.913
(95%CI 0.857,0.948), for the manual and SVS workflows, respectively. The lower confidence bounds
were 0.933 for manual workflow and 0.857  for SVS workflow, thereby meeting the predefined
acceptance criteria for the study.

Since this is a software-only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems with SVS and SWM. The transducer patient contact materials and manufacturing processes
are not impacted by the release of the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems
with SVS and SWM.

VIII.    Clinical Data

There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with SVS and SWM software applications.


IX.      Sterilization

Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.


X.     Conclusion

For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
proposed subject device meets its intended use support a determination that the proposed subject
device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications
for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and effectiveness.