Disior Ltd
℅ Haylie Fast
Manager of Regulatory Affairs
Paragon 28, Inc.
14445 Grasslands Dr.
Englewood, Colorado 80134
                                                                June 20, 2024
Re: K240642
    Trade/Device Name: SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 6, 2024
    Received: May 22, 2024

Dear Haylie Fast:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240642 - Haylie Fast                                                              Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K240642                                                           I
Device Name
 I SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT software is to be used by orthopaedic healthcare professionals for
 diagnosis and surgical planning in a hospital or clinic environment. The medical imaging type
 intended to be used as the input of the software is Computed Tomography (CT).

 SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT software provides:

 * Visualization report of the three-dimensional mathematical models of the anatomical structures of
 foot and ankle and three-dimensional models of orthopaedic fixation devices,
 * Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and ankle,
 * Surgical planning application for visualization of foot and ankle anatomical three-dimensional
 structures, radiographic measures, and surgical instrument parameters.

 The visualization report containing the measurements can be used for the diagnosis of orthopaedic
 healthcare conditions. The surgical planning application containing the visualizations of the threedimensional structural models, orthopaedic fixation device models and surgical instrument
 parameters combined with the measurements can be used for the planning of treatments and
 operations to correct orthopaedic healthcare conditions of foot and ankle.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K240642


510(K) SUMMARY


 510(k) Number:  K240642

 Manufacturer:    Disior Ltd
            HTC Helsinki, Building Pinta, Tammasaarenkatu 3
                    Helsinki Uusimaa, FL, 00180, Finland

 Contact:        Aarno Jussila
                    Director of Enabling Technology
                  Phone: +358 40 6734939
                   Email: AJussila@paragon28.com

 Prepared By:     Haylie Fast
                Manager of Regulatory Affairs
                  Paragon 28, Inc.
                 14445 Grasslands Dr.,
                 Englewood, CO, 80112
                  Phone: 720-994-5489

 Date Prepared:  May 21, 2024

 Device   Trade
            SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT
 Name:

 Device Class
 and Common     Class II, Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Name:

 Classification:    21 CFR 892.2050: Medical image management and processing system


 Product Codes:  QIH

 Indications  for SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT software is to be used by orthopaedic
 Use:               healthcare professionals for diagnosis and surgical planning in a hospital
                    or clinic environment. The medical imaging type intended to be used as
                    the input of the software is Computed Tomography (CT).


                                                                       Page 1 of 5

SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT software provides:

                      •   Visualization report of the three-dimensional mathematical models of
                       the anatomical structures of foot and ankle and three-dimensional
                   models of orthopaedic fixation devices,
                      •  Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and
                       ankle,
                      •   Surgical planning application for visualization of foot and ankle
                     anatomical three-dimensional structures, radiographic measures, and
                        surgical instrument parameters.

               The visualization report containing the measurements can be used for the
                   diagnosis of orthopaedic healthcare conditions. The surgical planning
                   application containing the visualizations of the three-dimensional
                     structural models, orthopaedic fixation device models and surgical
                  instrument parameters combined with the measurements can be used for
                   the planning of treatments and operations to correct orthopaedic
                   healthcare conditions of foot and ankle.

Device          The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT device is an automatic software tool that
Description:      segments foot and ankle bones from computed tomography (CT) images
                and provides a case report showing images of a 3D model of the segmented
                    structures with  pre-operative and  post-correction measurements. The
                   correction is for hallux valgus through a Lapidus Arthrodesis procedure.
               The case  report  also provides parameters of an orthopedic  surgical
                  instrument and an example of an implant construct for the procedure.

               The device includes machine learning derived outputs. Details on the
                    validation are summarized below. The testing for 82 CT image series
                  presented 100% correctly identified bones of foot and ankle. The existence
                   of metal was identified correctly for 98.8% of the images (specificity 98%,
                     sensitivity 100%).

                 Study Subjects
               The AI algorithm for bone identification was developed using 145 CT
                image studies and metal identification was developed using 130 CT image
                     studies. Testing was carried out using 82 CT image studies. Out of 357 CT
                image studies, 340 were from individual patients with few studies from
               same patient with different foot alignments. The CT image series’ were
                    collected from various sites across USA and Europe with a minimum of
             50% of the images originating from the USA. The CT image studies were
                from patients with different ages and racial groups, with minimum of 35%
                 male/female within each dataset, with mean age approximately 47 years
               (SD 15 years), and representatives from White, (Non-)Hispanic, African
                 American, and Native racial groups. Each dataset was balanced in terms of
                   subjects with different foot alignment, demographics, imaging devices and


                                                                      Page 2 of 5

with subjects from clinical subgroups ranging from control/normal feet
              (44% with test data) to pre-/post-operative clinical conditions such as
                 Hallux Valgus, Progressive Collapsing Foot Deformity, fractures, or with
                  metal implants (40% of the test data).

                Imaging Systems
               The 357 image studies were collected using CT imaging system made by
                    five (5) manufacturers (7 different models in total). From the test data of 82
                  images, 61% of the images were acquired using Curvebeam PedCAT, 11%
                  with Planmed Verify, and 26% with Carestream OnSight 3D Extremity. In
                    addition, system test data contains images acquired with Toshiba Somatom.
                  Typical imaging protocol is disclosed within the IFU, however, the test data
                   contains wider range of parameters for generalization (tube voltages
                between 90-120 kV, tube currents 5-8 mA, and slice thickness/pixel
                  spacing 0.37-1.5mm).

               Ground Truth
               The ground truths for bone and metal identification were independently
                   established by three (3) U.S. Orthopedic surgeons with a 3rd party software.
                Each   clinicians  reviewed  each  of  the DICOM   series  through
                     axial/sagittal/coronal views and/or 3D reconstruction and marked on a
                   spreadsheet the presence of a bone and metal in the image series. Based on
                   the majority vote of three, two same responses were required to establish a
                 ground truth on each of the DICOM series.

                   Training, Tuning, and Validation Data Independence
               The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT software machine learning algorithm
                    training and tuning data used during the algorithm development, as well as
                       test data used in the standalone software performance assessment study,
                were all independent data sets. Each CT image study was allowed to be
                    allocated to only data set.

Predicate:        Bonelogic (K223757)

Substantial      The Indications for Use of the subject device and the predicate device are
Equivalence:      similar. Differences do not constitute a different intended use because
                  both devices are intended to provide 3D models, measurements, and
                   presurgical planning generated from CT input to orthopaedic healthcare
                    professionals.

               The subject and predicate devices have similar technological
                     characteristics. The main differences are in the output and user interface.
                   In support of the claim of substantial equivalence the comparison between
                   the subject and predicate systems demonstrates a shared input, image
                   processing, and measuring and planning capabilities.


                                                                      Page 3 of 5

Subject Device        Primary Predicate Device
                       Manufacturer          Disior Ltd                   Disior Ltd
                      Trade Name   SMART Bun-Yo-Matic
                                                                           Bonelogic
                                  CT
                          510(k)          Subject Device           K223757
                        Input         Computed tomography      Computed tomography
                            DICOM Computed       DICOM Computed
                                       tomography               tomography
                      Image          Segmentation of bone       Segmentation of bone
                          Processing       structures                     structures
                       Output        Automated case report of   3D model of patient anatomy
                                              the 3D model of patient     and case report of the 3D
                                         anatomy, surgical          model patient anatomy
                                            instrument parameters, and
                                                visualization of implant
                       Measuring     Perform measurements for   Perform measurements for
                      and Planning    presurgical planning          presurgical planning
                       User            Graphical user interface      Graphical user interface
                           Interface       (GUI) to a web application   (GUI) that is standalone
                                         used with a standard web     application based.
                                           browser.

                   Differences do not introduce new questions of safety and effectiveness.

Performance     All necessary testing has been performed on the SMART Bun-Yo-Matic
Testing:       CT device to assure substantial equivalence to its predicate and demonstrate
                   the subject device performs as intended.

                 Software Verification and Validation
                 Software  verification and  validation were  carried out based on  the
                 “Guidance  for  the Content  of Premarket Submissions  for Software
                 Contained in Medical Devices”, at the unit, integration, and system levels
                    to determine substantial equivalence to the predicate device. For image
                     analytics, the predicate device meets the subject device’s established
                  acceptance criteria of 95% model conformance within 1.0mm distance to
                   reference  model  and  2.0  degrees  standard  deviation  for  angular
                 measurements. Surgery planning executes mathematical operations for
                  estimated correction ±1 degree for angular measurements and ±1.0 mm for
                   distance measurements.

                  Non-Clinical Bench Testing
                 Performance testing was conducted to evaluate the AI/ML Component, the
                 Segmentation Component, and the Surgical Planning Component of the
                   device. Each component was tested with multiple images and appropriate
                   outputs for the subject device were evaluated by qualified truthers. Results
               showed the subject device performed as intended.

                    Clinical data are not needed to support the safety and effectiveness of the
                   subject device.


                                                                      Page 4 of 5

Conclusions:     The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT  device  subject  to  this  submission
                  possesses  the  same  intended  use  and  has  similar  technological
                     characteristics as the predicate device. All performance testing conducted
                    for  the SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT  device met  the  predetermined
                  acceptance criteria or were otherwise considered acceptable. As such, the
           SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT device  is  substantially equivalent  to the
                   predicate device for the intended use.


                                                                      Page 5 of 5