November 27, 2024
Ontact Health Co., Ltd
Seungah Lee
Division Director
5F Erom Tower, 50-5,
Ewhayeodae-gil, Seodaemun-gu
Seoul, 03764
Korea, South

Re: K240645
    Trade/Device Name: Sonix Health
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: March 7, 2024
    Received: November 1, 2024

Dear Seungah Lee:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240645 - Seungah Lee                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K240645 - Seungah Lee                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K240645
Device Name
Sonix Health
Indications for Use (Describe)
Sonix Health is intended for quantifying and reporting echocardiography for use by or on the order of
a licensed physician. Sonix Health accepts DICOM-compliant medical images acquired from
ultrasound imaging devices. Sonix Health is indicated for use in adult populations.
Ultrasound images are acquired via the B (2D), M, Pulsed-wave Doppler, and Continuous-wave
Doppler modes.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Cc Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K240645


                       510(k) Summary

                                  [As required by 21 CFR 807.92]


1.  Date

   November 26, 2024


2.  Submitter’s Information & Contact Person

  - Submitter:       ONTACT HEALTH Co., Ltd.

  - Address:          5F Erom Tower, 50-5, Ewhayeodae-gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, 03764, Republic of Korea

  - Contact Person:     Seungah Lee / Division Director

  - Telephone No.:     +82-2- 362-9610

  - Email Address:      ontact01@ontacthealth.com


3.  Trade Name, Common Name, Classification
  - Common name:     Workstation Software for cardiac ultrasound image review, analysis, and reporting

  - Trade name:        Sonix Health


               Classification Description                 21 CFR Section             Product Code

 Automated Radiological Image Processing Software       21 CFR 892.2050            QIH, LLZ

As stated in 21 CFR parts 892.2050 of the device has been classified as Class II.


4.  Identification of Predicate Device(s)

   The identified predicate devices within this submission are shown as follow:


    Predicate Device

        ●   510(k) Number: K230209

        ●   Trade/Device name: Sonix Health

        ●   Manufacturer: ONTACT HEALTH Co., Ltd

    Reference Devices

        ●    1. K220940: EchoPAC Software Only/ EchoPAC Plug-in

        ●    2. K213544: TOMTEC-ARENA


                                        Page 1 / 6

5.  Description of the Device


    Sonix Health comes with the following functions:

          - Checking ultrasound multiframe DICOM

          - Echocardiography multiframe DICOM classification and automatic measurement.

          - Verification of the results and making adjustments manually.

          - Providing the report for analysis


    Sonix Health will be offered as SW only, to be installed directly on customer PC hardware. Sonix Health is
   DICOM compliant and is used within a local network.


    Sonix Health utilizes a two-step algorithm. A single identification model identifies a view in the first step. The
    second step performs the deep learning algorithm according to the view. The deep learning algorithms for the
    second step are categorized as B-mode, M-mode, and Doppler algorithms. The main algorithm of Sonix Health
     is to identify the view and segment the anatomy in the image.


6.  Indications for Use

   Sonix Health is intended for quantifying and reporting echocardiography for use by or on the order of a licensed
    physician. Sonix Health accepts DICOM-compliant medical images acquired from ultrasound imaging devices.
   Sonix Health is indicated for use in adult populations.


    Ultrasound images are acquired via the B (2D), M, Pulsed-wave Doppler, and Continuous-wave Doppler modes.


                                        Page 2 / 6

7.  Determination of Substantial Equivalence
    The identified predicate device within this submission is shown in the following table:

     Description      Decision          Subject Device (K240645)              Predicate Device (K230209)

 Trade/Device name             Sonix Health                             Sonix Health

 Product Code              QIH (Subsequent Product Code: LLZ)          QIH (Subsequent Product Code: LLZ)

 Regulatory Class    SE       2                                    2

 Regulation Number    -         21 CFR 892.2050                       21 CFR 892.2050

 Intended use       SE                                                Sonix Health is intended for
                                                                               quantifying and reporting
 Indications for use   SE
                                                                          echocardiography for use by or on the
                                                                              order of a licensed physician. Sonix
                                                                           Health accepts DICOM-compliant
                                                                         medical images acquired from
                                                                              ultrasound imaging devices. Sonix                          Same
                                                                           Health is indicated for use in adult
                                                                                 populations.


                                                                           Ultrasound images are acquired via the
                                                  B (2D), M, Pulsed-wave Doppler, and
                                                                      Continuous-wave Doppler modes.

 Where used
                                                                                 Inside of hospitals, clinics, and
  (hospital, home,     SE       Same
                                                                                physician’s offices.
 ambulance, etc.)

                 SE       Same                                   Sonix Health utilizes artificial
                                                                                     intelligence to automate previous
                                                                   manual quantification tasks, resulting
                                                                                      in increased efficiency for users. Our
 Application
                                                                        system performs view classification
 description
                                                                     and measurements according to the US
                                                     ASE guidelines, and the users can
                                                                         review and modify the results if
                                                                                necessary.

                 SE      PLAX LV, PLAX zoomed AV, PLAX     PLAX LV, A4C, A4C Zoomed LV,
                            zoomed MV, PLAX zoomed AV&MV,     A2C, A2C zoomed LV, M-mode
                      PLAX zoomed Aorta, A4C, A4C zoomed    LA/Ao, M-mode LV, CW Doppler
                            LV, A4C RV-focused, A2C, A2C zoomed   MS, CW Doppler MR, PW Doppler
                            LV, A3C, A3C zoomed LV, A5C, PSAX   MV, CW Doppler AV, CW Doppler
                                      level of great vessels, PSAX level of MV,   AR, CW Doppler TR, CW Doppler
                       PSAX level of papillary muscles, PSAX     PV, CW Doppler PR, PW Doppler
                                      level of apex, SC4C, SC long axis IVC, M-  RVOT, PW Doppler LVOT, DTI MV Semi-automated
                          mode LA/Ao, M-mode LV, M-mode        annulus
 view classification                           TAPSE, CW Doppler MS, CW Doppler
                        MR, PW Doppler MV, CW Doppler AV in
                                      parasternal, CW Doppler AV, CW Doppler
                           AR, CW Doppler TR, CW Doppler PV,
                  CW Doppler PR, PW Doppler RVOT, PW
                               Doppler LVOT, Mitral annulus TDI septal,
                                   Mitral annulus TDI lateral, Tricuspid
                                 annulus TDI lateral


                                        Page 3 / 6

Description      Decision          Subject Device (K240645)              Predicate Device (K230209)
                SE       [B-Mode]                           IVSd (2D), IVSs (2D), LVIDd (2D),
                                                           LVIDs (2D), LVPWd (2D), LVPWs
                           IVSd (2D), IVSs (2D), LVIDd (2D),
                                                                            (2D), LA (2D), Ao (2D), LVESV /
                         LVIDs (2D), LVPWd (2D), LVPWs (2D),
                                                LVEDV (4CH), LAV (4CH), LVESV /
                       Ao (2D), LA (2D), RVOT (2D), LVOT
                                                LVEDV (4CH), LVESV / LVEDV
                                 (2D), EF(Teich) (2D), RWT (2D),
                                                                      (2CH), LAV (2CH), LVESV / LVEDV
                      LAESV A4C, LVESV A4C, LVEDV                                                                      (2CH), LA (mmode), Aorta (m-mode),
                          A4C, LVGLS / LVSLS A4C, LARS A4C,                                                              IVSd (m-mode), LVIDd (m-mode),
                         LACtS A4C, LVEF MOD A4C, SV MOD                                                 LVPWd (m-mode), IVSs (m-mode),
                          A4C, RVEDA A4C, RVESA A4C, RVD1                                                               LVIIDs (m-mode), LVPWs (m-mode),
                          A4C, RVD2 A4C, RVD3 A4C, RVFWS                                         MV Peak E Vel, MV Peak A Vel, MV
                          A4C, RV FAC A4C, LVESV A2C,                                                                      Decel Time, e' (med), a' (med), s'
                     LVEDV A2C, LAESV A2C, LVGLS/                                                                          (med), LVOT Vmax, LVOT VTI,
                       LVSLS A2C, LVEF MOD A2C, LVGLS /                                                RVOT Vmax, RVOT VTI, PV AccT,
                       LVSLS A3C                                                   TR Vmax, TR VTI, AR Vmax / PR
                                                            Vmax, AR PHT / PR PHT, MV Vmax,
                          [M-Mode]                  MV VTI, MV, PHT, MR Vmax, MR
Semi-automated                                                      VTI, AV Vmax / PV Vmax, AV VTI /                       LAd (M), LAs (M), Aod (M), Aos (M),
measurements                                          PV VTI, RVOT (2D)                           IVSd (M), IVSs (M), LVIDd (M), LVIDs
                               (M), LVPWd (M), LVPWs (M), EF(Teich)
                               (M), RWT(Teich) (M), SV(Teich) (M),
                           LVEDV(Teich) (M), LVESV(Teich) (M),
                       LVd Mass(ASE) (M), %FS (M), RV
                       TAPSE (M)


                              [Doppler]
                   MS Vmax, MS VTI, MS PHT, MR Vmax,
                  MR VTI, MV Peak E Vel, MV Peak A
                                 Vel, MV DecT, AV Vmax, AV VTI, PV
                          Vmax, PV VTI, AR Vmax, AR PHT, PR
                          Vmax, PR EDV, TR Vmax, TR VTI,
                     RVOT Vmax, RVOT VTI, RVOT AccT,
                     LVOT Vmax, LVOT VTI, E' Sept, A' Sept,
                                      S' Sept, E' Lat, A' Lat, S' Lat(Mitral), S' Lat
                                  (Tricuspid)
                SE       Same                                       After the automated analysis is
                                                                           complete, users can review and modify
Semi-automation
                                                                                the results as needed. The product is
technology
                                                                            intended for use by, or on the order of a
                                                                                licensed physician.
* It is necessary for the end user to verify, confirm, and modify the analysis results when using Subject Device.


                                       Page 4 / 6

8.  Non-Clinical and Standalone Test Summary


Performance Standards


Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (Ps3.1 - .20)

IEC 62304:2006, Medical Device Software - Software Life Cycle Processes.
ISO 14971 Second edition 2007-03-01, Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices.
IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.1 2020-06, Medical devices-Part 1 Application of usability engineering to medical devices.


Sonix Health is classified as a Basic Level of Documentation. The software verification and validation were
conducted in compliance with IEC 62304 “Medical device software – Software life cycle process” and the
internal design control process to ensure safety and effectiveness. Throughout the verification and validation
process, traceability was maintained, encompassing risk management (including Cyber Security and Usability).


The training data and validation data are distinct and independent. The ground truth annotation for the test was
performed by two experienced sonographers with a Registered Diagnostic Cardiac Sonographer (RDCS)
certification. The annotation was supervised by two experienced cardiologists and the consensus annotation was
used as the final ground truth. The ground truth for strain measurements was established by the experts with the
help of the reference devices (EchoPAC for global longitudinal, segmental and RV free wall strain and TOMTEC
Arena for LA reservoir and contraction strain.


The results of the performance testing for additional features in this version are as follows. All other conditions
are the same as the existing version (K230209).


We utilized heart images from 335 patients, taken for diagnostic purposes in actual clinical settings, to evaluate
the performance of Sonix Health's Auto-Measure and Auto-Strain software. The test images were acquired
following the IRB procedures. 303 patients were American, with images source from Mayo Clinic in Arizona, and
Severance Hospital, Seoul, South Korea. Among them, 30% (93 patients) of the patients originated from U.S.
hospitals, while 70% (200 patients) came from Korean hospital. 32 (32/335 = 10%) patients were obtained from
South Korean with images source from Severance Hospital, Seoul, South Korea.

Sonix Health software was designed to assist clinicians in adult heart measurements. Three functions of Sonix
Health software are the ‘View Recognition’, ‘Auto Measure’ and ‘Auto Strain’. This performance test report has
described the performance test procedures and the result for novel features of the ‘Auto Measure’ and ‘Auto
Strain’ software. Additionally, the previously approved 'View Recognition' feature demonstrates that it works
well for additional views as well. A total of 335 patients’ images were used for performance validation, of which
303 (90%) were American and 32 (10%) were Korean.

  The test showed that Sonix Health software successfully passed all categories of evaluation: it achieved an
average accuracy of 96.25% for the additional views in the ‘View Recognition’ software (exceeding the
acceptable threshold of 84%) and an average correlation coefficient of 0.918 (above the acceptable threshold of
0.80) when compared to manual measurements made by participating experts for ‘Auto Measure’. For the ‘Auto
Strain’, it attained an average correlation coefficient of 0.88 for LVGLS values and LARS and LACts, surpassing
the acceptable threshold of 0.80 when compared to manual measurements made by participating experts. And it


                                        Page 5 / 6

attained a correlation coefficient 0.69 of RV Free wall strain surpassing the acceptable threshold of 0.60 when
compared to manual measurements made by participating experts. Additionally, it demonstrated an RMSE of
2.16 % for average GLS, staying below the acceptable threshold of 3.00. For Segmental Longitudinal Strain, the
RMSE was 6.32%, also below the acceptable threshold of 7.50%, compared to manual measurements. We also
demonstrated the statistical agreement between Sonix Health's automated measurements and the experts’ manual
measurements by providing Bland-Altman plots for all measurements. This report also includes additional
measurements (A4C RV-focused RV FAC; A4C: LVEF, SV; PLAX LV: EF, RWT; and M-mode: EF, SV, EDV,
ESV, %FS, LVd Mass) derived as simple arithmetic statistics of measurements which are provided by Sonix
Health. Detailed performance testing results and the associated subgroup analysis are reported in the labeling


Through verification and validation activities, Sonix Health is confirmed to meet all the design and performance
requirements, demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


9.  Conclusion

In conclusion, all verification and validation activities demonstrated that the design specifications and technological
characteristics of Sonix Health meet the applicable requirements and standards and Sonix Health is substantially
equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device.


                                        Page 6 / 6