Avicenna.AI
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells, US LLP
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K240942                                                         September 12, 2024
    Trade/Device Name: CINA-CSpine
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: April 5, 2024
    Received: August 16, 2024

Dear John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240942 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                     Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K240942 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                     Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K240942
Device Name
CINA-CSpine
Indications for Use (Describe)
CINA-CSpine is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of cervical
spine CT images.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained physician specialists by flagging and
communication of suspected positive findings compatible with acute cervical spine fractures including non-displaced
fracture lines and/or displaced fracture fragments.
CINA-CSpine uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The device is not designed to detect
vertebral compression fractures.
The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview
images that are meant for informational purposes only, and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The
device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of CINA-CSpine are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K240942


                                 510(K) SUMMARY

                          AVICENNA.AI’s CINA-CSPINE

Submitter

        Applicant:
            AVICENNA.AI
            Espace Mistral B,
            375 avenue du Mistral,
            13600 LA CIOTAT France

       Contact Person:
             Stephane Berger
              Regulatory Manager
             Phone: +33 6 12 12 28 13
               E-mail: stephane.berger@avicenna.ai

      Date prepared: September 12, 2024


Device Identification

        Name of Device:        CINA-CSpine
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer aided triage and
                                           notification software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II
            Classification Panel:      Radiology


Predicate Device

The CINA-CSpine device is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device with regard
to indications for use, performance, and technological characteristics:

            510(k):               K190896
          Trade Name:             BriefCase for CSF Triage
           Manufacturer:            Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
            Classification Name:      Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II

Device Description

CINA-CSpine is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.

CINA-CSpine runs on a standard “off the shelf” server/workstation and consists of CSpine Image
Processing Application, which can be integrated, deployed and used with the CINA Platform
(cleared under K200855) or other medical image communications devices. CINA-CSpine receives
cervical spine CT scans identified by the CINA Platform or other medical image communications
device,  processes them  using deep  learning  algorithms  involving  execution  of  multiple
computational steps to identify the suspected positive findings compatible with acute cervical spine
fractures and generates results files to be transferred by CINA Platform or a similar medical image
communications device for output to a PACS system or workstation for worklist prioritization.

To identify the suspected presence of cervical fractures, the device uses a deep learning model
trained end-to-end on 1,338 cases acquired from US and France, representing a distribution of
fracture presentations, locations and acquisition protocols, including multiple scanner models from
Siemens, Philips, GE and Canon/Toshiba. Additional deep learning models are used to locate the
individual vertebrae to exclude images that do not conform to the expected field of view.

DICOM images are received, recorded and filtered before processing. The series are processed
chronologically by running algorithms on each series to detect suspected positive findings of a
cervical spine fracture, then active notifications on the flagged series are sent to the worklist
application.

The Worklist Application displays the active notification of new studies with suspected findings
when they come in. All the cervical spine CT studies which include at least 5 visible cervical
vertebrae received by CINA-CSpine device are displayed in the worklist and those on which the
algorithms have detected a suspected finding are marked with an icon (i.e., active notification). In
addition, a compressed, grayscale, unannotated image that is marked “not for diagnostic use” is
displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes
only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for diagnostic use beyond
notification.

Presenting the trained physician specialist with notification facilitates earlier triage by allowing
image prioritization in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would have
been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

The CINA platform is an example of medical image communications platform for integrating and
deploying the CINA-CSpine image processing application. The medical image communications
device (i.e., the technical platform) provides the necessary requirements for interoperability based
on the standardized DICOM protocol and services to communicate with existing systems in the
hospital radiology department such as CT modalities or other DICOM nodes (DICOM router or
PACS for example).  It is responsible for transferring, storing, converting formats, notifying of
suspected findings and displaying medical device data such as radiological data. The medical
image communications server includes the Worklist client application, which receives notifications
from the CINA-CSpine Image Processing application.

Intended Use / Indications for Use


CINA-CSpine is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of cervical spine CT images.

The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained physician specialists
by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings compatible with acute cervical spine
fractures including non-displaced fracture lines and/or displaced fracture fragments.

CINA-CSpine uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The device is not designed to detect vertebral compression fractures.

The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include
compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only, and are not intended
for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image, and it
is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of CINA-CSpine are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.


Summary of Performance Data

The  following performance data were provided  in support  of the  substantial equivalence
determination.

       Software Verification and Validation Testing

CINA-CSpine complies with DICOM  (Digital Imaging and Communications  in Medicine) –
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.

Avicenna.AI conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the CINA-CSpine device as standalone software. CINA-CSpine is tested
against  its user needs and intended use by the successful execution of planned software
verification and validation testing included in this submission.

Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the CINA-CSPINE met
all design requirements and specifications associated with the intended use of the software.

       Standalone Performance Testing

Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational and blinded study with the CINACSpine application with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance (Sensitivity
and Specificity) in detecting cervical spine (CSpine) fractures on non-contrast CT (NCCT) scans
images, in 328 clinical anonymized cases. The dataset included 59.5% Male and 36.3% Female.
Mean ± SD age of patients included in the study was 55.3 ± 5.1 yo (range: 18 - 101 yo).

Multiple subgroups of interest were considered in the analysis. In fact, the validation data was
acquired from 3 different clinical sources, with one representing an U.S teleradiology company
which has access to a database of medical images from various U.S. hospitals distributed
throughout the U.S. territories, to account for race/ethnicity in the intended U.S. patient population.
Additional scanner parameters considered were slice thickness, number of detector rows, and kVp
ranges. Detailed subgroup analysis was reported in the labeling.

The data was provided from  multiple US (60.4%) and OUS (39.6%)  clinical  sites. The
independence of the standalone validation dataset from the training data was ensured using data
from independent sites and different time periods. There were 155 (47.3%) positive cases (CT with
CSpine) and 173 (52.7%) negative cases included in the analysis. The data was acquired primarily
by 4 different scanner makers (GE-31.1%, Philips-21.6%, Siemens-28.7%, and Canon-18.3%) and
36 different scanner models.

Device Sensitivity [95% CI] and Specificity [95% CI] were computed against the ground truth
established by consensus of three US-board-certified expert radiologists.

As a primary endpoint, the global Sensitivity and Specificity were found to be 90.3% [95%CI: 84.5%
- 94.5%] and 91.9% [95%CI: 86.8% - 95.5%], respectively. These findings achieved the 80%
performance goal of the study and are similar to the results reported for the predicate BriefCase
device (Aidoc Medical) which demonstrated: Sensitivity and Specificity of 91.7% [95%CI: 82.7% -
96.9%] and 88.6% [95%CI: 81.2% - 93.8%], respectively.

Additionally, the CINA-CSpine  prioritization and triage effectiveness were evaluated by the
standalone per-case processing time of the device (time-to-notification), which corresponds to the
time between the end of the DICOM reception (made available for CINA-CSpine image processing)
and the end of processing (positive or negative identification). Finally, for better comparison with
the predicate device, the statistics for only True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by
the ground truthers as well as the device) are also provided.

The results are presented in Table below:


            Time-to-Notification for CINA-CSpine Image Processing Application


                      Time-to-Notification                              MEAN ± SD  MEDIAN   95% CI    MIN  MAX                          (minutes)

                   CINA-CSpine
                               All cases          2.9 ± 1.1      2.6      [2.7 - 3.0]   1.0    6.8
                      (N = 328)

                   CINA-CSpine
                  True Positive cases    2.8 ± 1.2       2.6      [2.6 - 3.0]   1.0    6.8
                     (N = 140 )


The mean [95% CI] time-to-notification for all included cases (n = 328) was estimated to be 2.9
[95% CI: 2.7 - 3.0] minutes for CINA-CSpine.

When taking into account only true positive cases (n = 140), the mean [95% CI] time-to-notification
was 2.8 [95%CI: 2.6 - 3.0] minutes for CINA-CSpine and 3.9 [95%CI: 3.8 - 4.1] minutes for
BriefCase, the defined predicate device.

The performance testing of the CINA-CSpine device establishes that the subject device is as safe
and effective as the predicate device and compatible with the same clinical use, since the
performances demonstrated the clinical effectiveness of the subject device and its ability to provide
effective prioritization and triage, which is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device.
This establishes that the CINA-CSpine device achieves its intended use and is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.


Substantial Equivalence


The subject CINA-CSpine and the predicate BriefCase for CSF Triage device are both intended to
aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images of time sensitive findings for patient detection
and diagnosis (i.e., cervical spine fracture) based on the analysis of medical images acquired from
radiological signal acquisition systems. The CINA device provides the CINA Platform in which the
subject CINA-CSpine prioritization and triage application can be integrated, deployed and used.
The labeling of the subject and the predicate devices clearly states that the devices are not for
diagnostic use. The subject CINA-CSpine device and the predicate BriefCase for CSF Triage are
software packages with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, and
incorporate deep learning AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications
and to display unannotated preview images. In both devices, the labeling instructs the user to
further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

The subject CINA-CSpine, the predicate BriefCase for CSF Triage device operate in parallel to the
standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change the original image, do not provide
any marking on the output preview, and do not remove images from the standard of care FIFO
queue; thus, not disturbing standard interpretation of the images by the attending trained physician
specialists. The subject and predicate devices achieve performance of the time-to-notification
metric  in similar ranges of time, and thus contribute similarly to effective triage and early
involvement of the trained physician specialists in evaluating suspected images of cervical spine
fracture.

The standalone performance and effectiveness assessment studies demonstrated that the CINACSpine device performs as intended and substantially equivalent to the BriefCase for CSF Triage
predicate device.


The table below compares the key features of the subject and the predicate devices.

Comparison of key features between CINA-CSpine and predicate device (Aidoc Medical Ltd)
               Subject device: CINA-CSpine  Predicate device: BriefCase for CSF
               Software                       Triage Software (K190896)
 Intended Use  CINA-CSpine  is a  radiological  BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
  /   Indications  computer   aided   triage  and  triage and notification software indicated
 for Use          notification software indicated for   for use in the analysis of cervical spine CT
              use  in the analysis of cervical  images.
                spine CT images.              The device is intended to assist hospital
                                               networks  and  trained  radiologists  in
                                                workflow    triage   by   flagging   and

Subject device: CINA-CSpine  Predicate device: BriefCase for CSF
              Software                       Triage Software (K190896)
            The device is intended to assist  communication  of  suspected  positive
                 hospital      networks     and  findings of linear lucencies in the cervical
                appropriately  trained  physician  spine bone in patterns compatible with
                 specialists  by   flagging  and  fractures.
              communication   of   suspected  BriefCase uses an  artificial intelligence
                 positive findings compatible with  algorithm to analyse images and highlight
               acute  cervical  spine  fractures  cases  with  detected  findings  on  a
                including non-displaced fracture  standalone desktop application in parallel
                 lines  and/or  displaced  fracture  to the ongoing standard of care image
               fragments.                           interpretation. The user is presented with
                                                        notifications  for cases  with  suspected
             CINA-CSpine uses an  artificial  findings.
                 intelligence algorithm to analyze  Notifications include compressed preview
             images and highlight cases with  images that are meant for informational
               detected findings on a standalone  purposes  only  and  not  intended  for
                 application  in  parallel  to  the  diagnostic use beyond notification.
              ongoing standard of care image  The device does not  alter the  original
                  interpretation. The device is not  medical image and is not intended to be
              designed   to  detect  vertebral  used as a diagnostic device.
              compression fractures.          The results of BriefCase are intended to
                                         be used in conjunction with other patient
            The  user   is  presented  with  information an based on their professional
                  notifications   for  cases   with  judgment,       to       assist       with
              suspected findings. Notifications   triage/prioritization of medical images.
                include  compressed   preview  Notified  clinicians  are  responsible  for
             images   that  are  meant   for  viewing  full images per the standard of
                informational purposes only, and  care.
               are not intended  for diagnostic
             use beyond notification.
            The device does not  alter the
                  original medical image, and  it is
               not intended  to be used as a
                diagnostic device.
            The results of CINA-CSpine are
               intended    to   be   used    in
                conjunction  with  other  patient
                information   and   based   on
                professional judgment to assist
                with     triage/prioritization     of
               medical images.
                 Notified clinicians are ultimately
               responsible   for  reviewing   full
             images per the standard of care.
User          Trained physician specialist        Radiologist
population
Anatomical     Cervical Spine                     Cervical Spine
region      of
interest

Subject device: CINA-CSpine  Predicate device: BriefCase for CSF
               Software                       Triage Software (K190896)
 Data           Non-contrast cervical spine CT  Non-contrast cervical spine CT scans
 acquisition     scans
 protocol
 View DICOM  DICOM  information  about  the  DICOM  information  about  the  patient,
 data             patient, study and current image   study and current image
 Segmentation  No;  device  does  not  mark,  No; device does not mark, highlight, or
 of  region  of   highlight, or direct users’ attention  direct users’ attention to a specific location
 interest         to  a  specific  location  in  the   in the original image
                   original image
 Algorithm        Artificial   intelligence  algorithm   Artificial   intelligence   algorithm   with
                 with database of images          database of images
 Notification   /  Yes                        Yes
 Prioritization
 Preview        Presentation of a compressed,     Presentation of a small, compressed,
 images         grayscale, unannotated image     black
                   that is marked “not for diagnostic  and white preview image that is labeled
                 use”.                            “Not for diagnostic use”.

 Alteration   of  No                      No
 original image
 Removal   of  No.  The  device  operates  in  No. The device operates in parallel with
 cases   from   parallel with the standard of care,  the standard of care, which remains the
 worklist        which remains the default option  default option for all cases.
 queue           for all cases.
 Structure      -CSpine   image    processing   -  AHS  module  (orchestrator,  image
                  application                          acquisition)
                       - Compatibility of use with the   - ACS module (image processing).
             CINA  Platform   (worklist  and   - Aidoc Worklist application for workflow
              Image Viewer) or other medical  integration  (worklist and non-diagnostic
              image communications device.    basic Image Viewer).


Conclusion

CINA-CSpine and BriefCase have similar intended use and substantially similar indications,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation.  The following is a summary of the
substantial equivalence comparison:

-     The predicate device is legally marketed.

-      CINA-CSpine has the same intended use as the predicate device, i.e., AIDoc Medical,
Ltd.’s BriefCase, and therefore it may be found substantially equivalent.

-      CINA-CSpine and the predicate device have very similar indications for use.

-      CINA-CSpine has similar technological characteristics as the predicate and reference
devices, i.e., the deployment of an artificial intelligence algorithm with a database of images.

-      Standalone performance study demonstrates that the CINA-CSpine and the predicate
BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely, accurate detection
of findings within the processed study.

Accordingly, the subject CINA-CSpine device is substantially equivalent to the predicate BriefCase
device