April 29, 2024
Insight Medical Systems, Inc.
℅ Stefanie Auf Der Mauer
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
Stefanie Michele Auf der Mauer Asmuss (sole trader)
22 Monfield
Rochestown, Cork T12C65D
Ireland

Re: K240062
    Trade/Device Name: ARVIS® Shoulder
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLO
    Dated: March 29, 2024
    Received: March 29, 2024

Dear Stefanie Auf Der Mauer:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240062 - Stefanie Auf Der Mauer                                                      Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                 Shumaya Ali -S

                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative, Repair
                                           and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices

K240062 - Stefanie Auf Der Mauer                                                      Page  3


                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K240062
Device Name
ARVIS® Shoulder
Indications for Use (Describe)
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for assisting the surgeon in the positioning and alignment of implants
relative to reference alignment axes and landmarks in stereotactic orthopedic surgery.
The system aids the surgeon in making intraoperative measurements and locating anatomical
structures of the shoulder joint based on the patient's preoperative imaging.
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for total shoulder arthroplasty using the Enovis AltiVate implant
system.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Cc Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
Page 1 of 1

Insight Medical Systems, Inc.                                    ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


                           510(k) Summary

Prepared:         2024-03-29

1.  Submitter Information
Submitter:            Insight Medical Systems, Inc.
                 9801 Metric Blvd, Suite 200
                      Austin, TX, 78758
                    United States
Submitter Contact:  Matthew Ryan, VP R&D Technology-Insight
                    Email: matthew.ryan@enovis.com
                  Phone: 949-290-8210
Correspondent:      Stefanie Auf der Mauer
                    Email: stefanie.aufdermauer@enovis.com
                  Phone: +353857591774

2.  Subject Device
Trade Name:      ARVIS® Shoulder
Common Name:    Orthopedic Stereotaxic Instrument
Regulation:        21 CFR 882.4560 – Stereotaxic Instrument
Product Code:     OLO, LLZ, QIH

3.  Predicate Device
510(k) Number:    K203115
Trade Name:      ARVIS® Surgical Navigation System
Manufacturer:        Insight Medical Systems, Inc.
Product Code:    OLO

4.  Reference Devices
510(k) Number:    K213546
Trade Name:      ExactechGPS Total Shoulder Application, Equinoxe Planning
                   Software
Manufacturer:       Blue Ortho
Product Code:     OLO, LLZ

510(k) Number:    K222767
Trade Name:      PeekMed web
Manufacturer:      Peek Health, S.A.
Product Code:      QIH, LLZ


510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 1 of 4

Insight Medical Systems, Inc.                                    ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


5.  Device Description Summary
ARVIS® Shoulder is a computer-controlled surgical navigation system intended to
provide intra-operative measurements to the surgeon to aid in selection and positioning
of orthopedic implant components.
The subject device is the equivalent shoulder system of the predicate ARVIS® Surgical
Navigation System used for indicated knee and hip arthroplasties. ARVIS® Shoulder
combines software, electronic hardware and surgical instruments to intraoperatively
track tools and locate anatomical structures based on the patient’s preoperative
imaging.
The navigation platform uses the same electronic hardware, mounted on the surgeon's
head and waist, as the predicate device. A new equivalent navigation application and a
new equivalent surgical instrument set are provided to allow surgeons to navigate
instruments in shoulder arthroplasty procedures.
The ARVIS® Shoulder workflow involves CT based reconstruction of the patient’s
shoulder anatomy and preoperative planning to enable image-based navigation. The
surgeon uses the plan data as guidance to navigate and help position shoulder
instruments and implants.
The preoperative planning platform uses AI-based automatic image segmentation and
landmarking algorithms. The data used to train and test the algorithms was labeled and
validated in advance by trained experts. The total data consisted of 300 CT scans (from
300 patients) acquired from candidates for shoulder joint replacement surgery. The
cohort was partitioned into two disjoint subsets through random sampling, with 80%
producing a training dataset and 20% constituting the test dataset. The training dataset
consisted of 240 CT scans (from 240 patients). Patient ages ranged from 36 to 89 years
(mean age of 70), with 46% male and 54% female. All CT scans were acquired using
FDA cleared CT scanners.
The navigation system is intended to be used with the Enovis AltiVate implant system.
ARVIS® Shoulder displays measurements as described in Performance Claims.

 6. Indications for Use
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for assisting the surgeon in the positioning and alignment
of implants relative to reference alignment axes and landmarks in stereotactic
orthopedic surgery.
The system aids the surgeon in making intraoperative measurements and locating
anatomical structures of the shoulder joint based on the patient's preoperative imaging.
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for total shoulder arthroplasty using the Enovis AltiVate
implant system.

7.  Indications for Use Comparison
The subject device is indicated specifically for total shoulder arthroplasty whereas the
predicate device is indicated specifically for knee and hip related arthroplasties. The
difference in the Indications for Use does not result in a new intended use; the systems


510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 2 of 4

Insight Medical Systems, Inc.                                    ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


are both intended to provide intra-operative measurements to the surgeon to aid in
selection and positioning of orthopedic implant components. The difference in the
Indications for Use does not affect the safety and effectiveness of the subject device as
demonstrated by safety and performance testing.
8.  Technological Comparison
The subject device ARVIS® Shoulder is the same as the predicate ARVIS® Surgical
Navigation System in Intended Use, electronic components, materials, and navigation
tracking technology and accuracy.
The workflow, patient interface and components used in the subject and predicate
device are nearly identical during surgical navigation. The primary technological
difference between the subject device and predicate is that the subject device is an
image-based system (requiring preoperative imaging and planning for navigation
inputs) whereas the predicate device is an imageless system that solely uses
intraoperative registrations for development of surgeon guidance. Similar image
processing and planning software functions exist in identified reference devices. The
additional software functions do not change the Intended Use of the subject device, nor
do they raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

9.  Non-Clinical Tests Summary and Conclusions
The following performance tests were completed to demonstrate substantial
equivalence of safety and effectiveness with the predicate device:
  •  Positional Accuracy Testing (ASTM F2554)
  •  Accuracy After Mechanical Disturbances Testing (ASTM F3107)
  •  Benchtop Accuracy Testing
  •  Cadaveric Accuracy Testing
  •  Cadaver Validation
  •  Software Verification and Validation, including validation of the deep learning
     algorithms used for automatic image segmentation and landmarking. Details about
      this performance test are as follows:
      o Study steps: The reference, ground-truth label for each CT volume in the
           testing dataset was obtained by a manual process, reviewed, and approved
         by a trained engineer with more than 2 years’ experience with medical image
          processing and 2 orthopaedic surgeons with subspecialty qualifications in
         upper limb surgery. The algorithm-generated outputs for every CT scan of
          the test dataset were compared to the manual ground truth segmentation
        and landmarking outputs by calculating applicable metrics and assessing
          against predefined acceptance criteria.
      o Testing dataset: Validation was performed on a set of 60 CT scans (from 60
           patients) acquired from patients who were candidates for shoulder joint
         replacement surgery. To ensure independence of training and test datasets,
          the latter was always stored separately and only made available for
         performance validation.


510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 3 of 4

Insight Medical Systems, Inc.                                    ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


        The testing dataset is composed of 55% female and 45% male patient CT
          scans. Age ranges from 36 to 86 years, the mean age is 67 years, and the
          standard deviation is 10.5 years. Ethnicity was not recorded.
        The cohort of CT scans were acquired using FDA cleared CT scanners with
           settings defined in the CT Protocol or comparable. CT scanner
          manufacturers include Toshiba, Siemens, Philips, GE Medical Systems and
         Canon.
     o  Testing criteria: The difference between the automatic segmentation outputs
        and manual outputs were quantified using the Dice Similarity Coefficient
         (DSC), Mean Absolute Distance (MAD) and Hausdorff Distance (HD). The
          pre-defined acceptance criteria used are specified in the results table below.
        The difference between the automatic landmarking outputs and the manual
          outputs were quantified using the Euclidean Distance (ED) and the Angular
          Separation (AS), and the Successful Point and Angular Classification Rates
        (SPCR, SACR). The pre-defined acceptance criteria used are specified in
          the results table below.
     o  Testing results: The AI algorithms used for automatic image segmentation
        and landmarking were able to successfully execute all required steps and
        met all pre-defined acceptance criteria.
                        Segmentation Validation Results Summary

                    DSC           MAD            HD
               AC        Result AC        Result   AC      Result
          Scapula              0.981            0.229mm         0.824mm                   Avg DSC          Avg MAD           Avg HD
                   > 0.9              ≤ 2mm              ≤ 5mm         Humerus             0.989            0.352mm         0.917mm


                        Landmarking Validation Results Summary

                               Mean ED / AS        SPCR / SACR
                         AC         Result    AC       Result
           Glenoid Center                  1.79mm             95.0%
          Trigonum                      1.86mm             95.0%
             Inferior Point                    2.11mm             94.9%
                                ≤ 3.72mm
           Medial Epicondyle               3.19mm   ≥75%     83.3%
            Lateral Epicondyle               3.29mm             83.3%
         Neck Plane Position              2.01mm             90.0%
         Neck Plane Orientation  ≤ 10°       8.70°               86.7%

Clinical testing was not required to demonstrate substantial equivalence.
The performance data provided in this submission demonstrate that ARVIS® Shoulder
is as safe, effective, and performs as well as the predicate device.

510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 4 of 4