BodyVision Ltd.
℅ Paul Dryden
Consultant
ProMedic Consulting LLC
131 Bay Point Dr. NE
                                                                     October 1, 2024St. Petersburg, Florida 33704


Re: K240943
    Trade/Device Name: LungVision
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 30, 2024
    Received: August 30, 2024

Dear Paul Dryden:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K240943 - Paul Dryden                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K240943 - Paul Dryden                                                               Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K240943                                                             I
Device Name
 LungVision

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The LungVision System  is intended to enable users to segment previously acquired 3D CT datasets
 and overlay and register these 3D segmented data sets with fluoroscopic live X-ray images of the
 same anatomy in order to support catheter/device navigation during pulmonary procedures.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K240943
                                         510(k) Summary
                                             30-Aug-24

Official Contact:                  Benny Krauz – VP RA/QA
                              Body Vision Medical Ltd.
                                 7 Hamada St.
                                      Herzliya 4673341 Israel
                                        Tel: +972-54-208-098

Submission Correspondent:          Paul Dryden
                                   ProMedic, LLC
                                             St. Petersburg, FL 33704

Proprietary or Trade Name:         LungVision System

Common/Usual Name:              System, image processing, radiological

Classification Name:               Automated radiological image processing software
                                QIH, CFR 892.2050
                                        Picture archiving and communications system
                               LLZ, CFR 892.2050

Predicate Device:                  BodyVision – LungVision – K183593
                                        Picture archiving and communications system
                               LLZ, CFR 892.2050

Description:
The LungVision System is designed to enable users to segment previously acquired 3D CT datasets and
overlay and register these 3D segmented data sets with live X-ray images of the same anatomy in order to
support catheter/device navigation during pulmonary procedures.

The System is intended to assist the guidance of endobronchial tools to areas of interest inside a patient’s
lungs. The System allows the user to mark lesion locations and pathways to marked lesions using a patient’s
CT scan. During the endoscopic procedure, the System overlays planning information on real-time
fluoroscopic images to guide endobronchial tool navigation. The System also provides tomographic images
for lesion identification, as well as 3D views for understanding tool and lesion proximity and orientation. The
System is designed to be integrated with fluoroscopic imaging systems and external displays.

The LungVision system includes a main unit and a tablet. Image processing algorithms are executed on the
main unit and the tablet is used as a primary method of interacting with the system.

System Components Overview
The following is a list of the LungVision System’s main components:
LungVision Main Unit
LungVision Tablet
LungVision Router
LungVision Board (passive device)
LungVision Software

The submission includes claims of:
    •   Transform 2D X-ray images into intraoperative tomographic scans
    •   AI-driven intraoperative tomographic imaging


                                                                                 Page 1 of 5

K240943
                                         510(k) Summary
                                             30-Aug-24
        o We find that this reflects the functionality of AI TOMO feature. The system receives CABT
               output and transform them into tomographic imaging.
    •  CABT is a limited angle tomography based on the SIRT algorithm

Indications for Use:
The LungVision System is intended to enable users to segment previously acquired 3D CT datasets and
overlay and register these 3D segmented data sets with fluoroscopic live X-ray images of the same anatomy in
order to support catheter/device navigation during pulmonary procedures.

Contraindications:
None

Device Comparison

Table 1 compares the subject device to the predicate

       Feature                    Proposed Device                        Primary Predicate
                                    LungVision                             K183593
                                                               Body Vision LungVision
 Indications for Use     The LungVision System is intended to enable   The LungVision System is intended to enable
                          users to segment previously acquired 3D CT     users to segment previously acquired 3D CT
                            datasets and overlay and register these 3D        datasets and overlay and register these 3D
                       segmented data sets with fluoroscopic live X-   segmented data sets with fluoroscopic live Xray images of the same anatomy in order to      ray images of the same anatomy in order to
                         support catheter/device navigation during       support catheter/device navigation during
                       pulmonary procedures.                      pulmonary procedures.
 Classification          Automated radiological image processing        Picture archiving and communications system
                         software                               LLZ, CFR 892.2050
                     QIH, CFR 892.2050
                           Picture archiving and communications system
                     LLZ, CFR 892.2050
 Target anatomy        Lungs                                  Lungs
 Anatomy access         Bronchial airways                            Bronchial airways
 Windows OS         Windows 10                           Windows 10
 Medical imaging                       Yes                                   Yes
 software
 General Image 2D/3D                   Yes                                   Yes
 review
 3D rendering view                      Yes                                   Yes
 Multi-modality                         Yes                                   Yes
 Support
 Image registration                      Yes                                   Yes
 Multi-planar                           Yes                                   Yes
 reformatting (MPR)
 DICOM import                        Yes                                   Yes

 Fluoroscopic video                      Yes                                   Yes
 Standard Image                        Yes                                   Yes
 viewing tools
 Segmentation tool                      Yes                                   Yes
 Video capture                          Yes                                   Yes
 Live Image overlays                     Yes                                   Yes
 Import prior plans                      Yes                                   Yes


                                                                                 Page 2 of 5

K240943
                                         510(k) Summary
                                             30-Aug-24
       Feature                    Proposed Device                        Primary Predicate
                                    LungVision                             K183593
                                                               Body Vision LungVision
 Point                                Yes                                   Yes
 marking/ tagging
 Navigation type                            Visual                                        Visual

       Feature                    Proposed Device                        Primary Predicate
                                    LungVision                             K183593
                                                               Body Vision LungVision
 Modifications
 Virtual bronchoscopy                    Yes                                   Yes
 C-Arm based CT                       Yes                                   Yes
 Multi-view set-up                       Yes                                   Yes
 Real-time                          N/A                                   Yes
 compensation
 3D Guidance                          Yes                                   Yes

Substantial Equivalence Discussion

We will discuss the table above.

Indications for Use / Patient Population / Environment of Use: As in comparison of Indications For Use
above, we can conclude that the indications for use for the LungVision and the predicate are substantially
equivalent.
Discussion: The differences in proposed indications for use are minor. The minor differences do not raise
new risk or safety concerns, and the subject device can be found substantially equivalent.

Prescriptive: Both the LungVision and predicate are prescription devices.
Discussion: There are no differences.

Design and Technology: The LungVision utilizes similar technology as the predicate. This includes:
    •   software applications that provide 2D and 3D medical image acquisition including real-time video
       image acquisition and visualization of the anatomy
    •   allow co-registration of real-time images to previously created 3D image sets based on previously
        collected DICOM CT images
    •   include image enhancements such as contrast and brightness, zoom and pan capabilities
    •   addition of a Tablet to the PC but not to be used for diagnostic purposes

Discussion: The software modifications including virtual bronchoscopy, C-arm based Tomography, 3D
Guidance, and Real-time compensation are similar to the reference device.

Performance and Specifications:
The performance and specifications demonstrate that the LungVision and predicate devices perform the same
functions using the same technologies thus can be found substantially equivalent.
Discussion: There are no differences, thus the subject device can be found substantially equivalent.

Compliance with Standards:
LungVision includes hardware and complies with ANSI/AAMI/ES 60601-1:2005(2012) and IEC 60601-1-
2:2014.


                                                                                 Page 3 of 5

K240943
                                         510(k) Summary
                                             30-Aug-24
Discussion: The proposed device complies with the latest standards and thus can be found substantially
equivalent.

Non-clinical / Bench Performance Testing:
We have performed bench tests and found that the LungVision met all requirements specifications and was
found to be equivalent in comparison to the predicate. Testing includes verification testing of the
requirements, testing of hazards mitigations and performance testing of the system.

Testing has also been performed on physical and simulated lung models representing deformable tissue.

For AI-Tomo the clinical validation was performed by physicians with data that was recorded from
historical LungVision clinical cases. Cases were selected to include a representative range of lesion sizes,
types, and locations, as well as a range of tools.

Simulated cases: synthetically simulated test cases, based on real human’s CT scans. With this method we can
simulate a lot of different use cases, and use diverse data. This method uses simulated data in a simulated
environment, and therefore measures the registration error only, without additional real-world inaccuracies:
CT to body divergence, jig estimation errors, fluoroscope distortion etc.

The mean accuracy calculated for 500 cases is 3.15 mm with 3.2 mm std.

Rigid body model cases: Laboratory test cases recordings and analysis in a patient simulated environment
with a rigid lung model under real-time fluoroscopy.

This method provides a lower amount of test cases, as it uses only one lung anatomy with one ground truth
transform. It is closer to a real-world scenario as it is influenced by jig estimation errors and fluoroscope
distortion, but still does not include CT to body divergence.

The mean accuracy calculated for 93 cases is 3.64 mm with 1.57 mm std.

CBCT scans cases: test cases based on real human’s CT scans and real human’s CBCT scans taken in real
procedures. This method is based on real cases data and therefore represents a real-world scenario and
influenced by real-world inaccuracies: CT to body divergence, jig estimation errors, fluoroscope distortion
etc.

The mean accuracy calculated for 191 cases is 5.34 mm with 3.32 mm std

The clinical validation of AI Tomo confirmed that lesion marking accuracy was comparable when
using CABT and AI Tomo images. Therefore, regardless of the imaging modality used, the accuracy
of the registration process remains consistent.

The images are CABTs collected from real cases performed by physicians using the LungVision
system in the USA, Italy, and Israel. The CABTs are used as input data to the AI-Tomo post
processing, and the output is evaluated using the ground truthing methodology.

Ground Truth methods included:
    •  Geometry test
    •   Lesion contrast on real data tests (with and without tool)

Biocompatibility: There are no patient contacting parts of the LungVision System


                                                                                 Page 4 of 5

K240943
                                         510(k) Summary
                                             30-Aug-24
Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
Based upon the foregoing performance testing and comparison to the legally marketed predicate devices for
indications for use, technology, and performance we believe we have demonstrated that the LungVision
System is substantially equivalent in safety and effectiveness to the predicate device.


                                                                                 Page 5 of 5