Augmedit B.V.
Claartje Ypma
CEO
Galerij 15
Naarden, Noord-Holland 1411 LH
Netherlands                                                                 September 10, 2024

Re: K240094
    Trade/Device Name:   LumiNE US; Lumi
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 12, 2024
    Received: August 1, 2024

Dear Claartje Ypma:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have
determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally
marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical
Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,
therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your
product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k)
Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm
identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for
annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you,
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to
additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal
Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance
documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an
Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820),
which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and
21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket
review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240094 - Claartje Ypma                                                              Page  2


production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21
CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a
determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations
administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to:
registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4,
Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21
CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions
(Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are
required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule
requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR
801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be
formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that
certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830
Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-deviceidentification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For
questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report-medicaldevice-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuingeducation/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask
a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more
information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                     Sincerely,


                                                      Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                    Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                     DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                                 Devices and Electronic Products
                                      OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                                  Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                                Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K240094

Device Name
LumiNE US


Indications for Use (Describe)
The LumiNE US software is intended for the visualization of medical images to provide insights in anatomy and
pathology in preparation of surgical treatment. As such, the software allows for the conversion of 2D patient imaging into
3D models and for the visualization of 2D and 3D patient imaging including Augmented Reality. When accessing the
LumiNE US software from a wireless Head-Mounted Display (HMD) or PC monitor, images viewed are for informational
purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use.

The LumiNE US software is intended for use by a (neuro)surgeon, (neuro)surgical resident or a medical professional that
is qualified by a hospital to prepare medical imaging for surgeons. For the conversion of medical imaging into 3D models,
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and/or Computed Tomography (CT) imaging of adult patients are required. The
LumiNE US software is intended to be used for visualization in preparation of surgery, and not for diagnostic use.
Therefore, segmentation and visualization of tumors or any other pathology can only be used for previously known and
pre-diagnosed conditions.
LumiNE US can only be used for contrast-enhanced T1 MR scans (semi-automatic segmentation of known tumor, skin,
brain, and ventricles), or for CT scans (threshold-based segmentation).
The LumiNE US MRI T1 tumor segmentation function can only be used in case of a single intracranial contrast enhancing
tumor, diagnosed by a neuroradiologist or a neurosurgeon, with a minimal volume of 2.0 cc (0.1 in3) and a minimal
diameter in any direction of 15 mm (0.6 inch), and a maximum volume of 100cc (6.1 in3) and a maximal diameter in any
direction of 75 mm (3.0 inch).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K240094


         510(k) Summary


                   Contact Information
Company name:                               Augmedit B.V.
Company owner:                                Mrs. Claartje Ypma
Function:                                 CEO
Address:                                                Galerij 15, 1411 LH Naarden, The Netherlands
Telephone:                                   +31 617 1010 94
Name of contact person:                       Mr. Bryan Bhoelai
                                                 Regulatory Affairs & Quality AssuranceFunction:                                        Manager
Email:                                      bryan@augmedit.com
Summary date:                                September 10, 2024


                                  Page 1 of 10

Contents
1   Subject Device Names ........................................................................................................................................................... 3

2   Predicate Device Information ............................................................................................................................................. 3

3   Description of the Device ..................................................................................................................................................... 3

4   Indications for Use ................................................................................................................................................................. 3

5   Substantial Equivalence Comparison Summary ............................................................................................................ 3

  5.1   Substantial equivalence comparison table ............................................................................................................. 3

  5.2   Similarities between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device ............................................................... 8

  5.3   Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device .............................................................. 8

6  Summary of Performance Testing .................................................................................................................................... 8

7   Validation of Machine Learning Algorithms ................................................................................................................... 8

8   Application of Standards ................................................................................................................................................... 10


                                       Page 2 of 10

1  Subject Device Names
Name of device: LumiNE US
Trade name: LumiNE US, Lumi

2  Predicate Device Information
Trade or proprietary or model name: VSI Holomedicine
Original Applicant: ApoQlar GmbH
510(k) Number: K213215
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

3  Description of the Device
LumiNE US is a software device for the visualization of medical images to provide insights in anatomy and
pathology in preparation of surgical treatment. As such, the software allows for the conversion of 2D patient
imaging into 3D models and for the visualization of 2D and 3D patient imaging including Augmented Reality.
When accessing the LumiNE US software from a wireless Head-Mounted Display (HMD) or PC monitor, images
viewed are for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use. Applicable pathology includes
scans with known intracranial lesions that are diagnosed as Glioblastoma, Meningioma, or Metastasis by a
neurosurgeon or neuroradiologist.

4  Indications for Use
The LumiNE US software is intended for the visualization of medical images to provide insights in anatomy
and pathology in preparation of surgical treatment. As such, the software allows for the conversion of 2D
patient imaging into 3D models, and for the visualization of 2D and 3D patient imaging including Augmented
Reality. When accessing the LumiNE US software from a wireless Head-Mounted Display (HMD) or PC monitor,
images viewed are for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use.

The LumiNE US software is intended for use by a (neuro)surgeon, (neuro)surgical resident or a medical
professional that is qualified by a hospital to prepare medical imaging for surgeons. For the conversion of
medical imaging into 3D models, Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and/or Computed Tomography (CT)
imaging of adult patients are required. The LumiNE US software is intended to be used for visualization in
preparation of surgery, and not for diagnostic use. Therefore, segmentation and visualization of tumors or
any other pathology can only be used for previously known and pre-diagnosed conditions.

LumiNE US can only be used for contrast-enhanced T1 MR scans (semi-automatic segmentation of known
tumor, skin, brain, and ventricles), or for CT scans (threshold-based segmentation).

The LumiNE US MRI T1 tumor segmentation function can only be used in case of a single intracranial
contrast enhancing tumor, diagnosed by a neuroradiologist or a neurosurgeon, with a minimal volume of
2.0 cc (0.1 in3) and a minimal diameter in any direction of 15 mm (0.6 inch), and a maximum volume of
100cc (6.1 in3) and a maximal diameter in any direction of 75 mm (3.0 inch).

5  Substantial Equivalence Comparison Summary
5.1  Substantial equivalence comparison table

The following table provides a comparison of the subject device’s characteristics and functionality with
respect to the identified predicate device.


                                       Page 3 of 10

Device                Subject device                Predicate device              Comparison analysis
characteristics
Device name         LumiNE US                    VSI Holomedicine              N/A

510(k) number        K240094                   K213215                     N/A
Manufacturer         Augmedit B.V.                 apoQlar GmbH                N/A
Medical specialty       Radiology                     Radiology                          Identical
CFR Reference         21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050                  Identical
Device classification    Medical Image management    Medical Image management      Identical
name               and Processing System       and Processing System
Common name        Automated Radiological         Radiological Image Processing    Substantially equivalent,
                    Image Processing Software    System                       the subject device has a
                                                                      more specific common
                                                                 name because of the
                                                                                  presence of nonadaptive
                                                                           machine learning
                                                                                        algorithms.
Product code          QIH                         LLZ                              Substantially equivalent,
                                                                                the subject device has a
                                                                      more specific product code
                                                                               because of the presence of
                                                                                 nonadaptive machine
                                                                                          learning algorithms.
Intended use/         The LumiNE US software is     VSI HoloMedicine® is a            Substantially equivalent
Indications for use      intended for the              software device for displaying
                          visualization of medical          digital medical images
                     images to provide insights in   acquired from CT, Angio CT,
                   anatomy and pathology in      MRI, CBCT, PET, and SPECT
                       preparation of surgical         sources. It is intended to
                      treatment. As such, the         visualize 3D imaging
                      software allows for the        holograms of the patient for
                       conversion of 2D patient       pre-operative planning outside
                      imaging into 3D models, and    and/or inside the surgical
                         for the visualization of 2D     room.
                    and 3D patient imaging      When accessing VSI
                         including Augmented Reality.   HoloMedicine® from a wireless
                 When accessing the LumiNE   head-mounted display (HMD)
                  US software from a wireless    or PC monitor, images viewed
                    head-mounted display (HMD)   are for informational purposes
                        or PC monitor, images          only and not intended for
                      viewed are for informational    diagnostic use. VSI
                      purposes only and not         HoloMedicine® is indicated for
                      intended for diagnostic use.    use by qualified healthcare
                    The LumiNE US software is     professionals including
                      intended for use by a          surgeons, radiologists,
                        (neuro)surgeon,                 physicians, and technologists.
                         (neuro)surgical resident or a
                      medical professional that is
                          qualified by a hospital to
                      prepare medical imaging for
                       surgeons. For the conversion
                        of medical imaging into 3D
                       models, Magnetic Resonance
                     Imaging (MRI) and/or
                   Computed Tomography (CT)
                      imaging of adult patients are
                         required. The LumiNE US
                      software is intended to be
                     used for visualization in
                       preparation of surgery, and
                      not for diagnostic use.
                        Therefore, segmentation and
                          visualization of pathology
                     can only be used for
                         previously known and prediagnosed conditions.
                   LumiNE US can only be used
                         for contrast-enhanced T1 MR
                      scans (semi-automatic
                     segmentation of known


                                      Page 4 of 10

Device                Subject device                Predicate device              Comparison analysis
characteristics
                      tumor, skin, brain, and
                           ventricles), or for CT scans
                        (threshold-based
                       segmentation).
                    The LumiNE US MRI T1
                    tumor segmentation
                       function can only be used in
                      case of a single intracranial
                       contrast enhancing tumor,
                      diagnosed by a
                        neuroradiologist or a
                       neurosurgeon, with a
                     minimal volume of 2.0 cc (0.1
                             in3) and a minimal diameter
                          in any direction of 15 mm
                         (0.6 inch), and a maximum
                    volume of 100cc (6.1 in3)
                    and a maximal diameter in
                    any direction of 75 mm (3.0
                           inch).

   Prescription use     Yes                         Yes                                Identical
                    The device specifically        The device is a software          Different, but no impact on
                       focuses on visualization of     which allows for viewing of       safety and effectiveness.
  Patient population    medical images and          DICOM data. Therefore, its
                       preparation of surgical         intended use is without any
                      treatment, for patients at      restrictions regarding patient
                      the age of 22 or older          population

                       •   Cloud based storage of     •   Cloud based storage for      Substantially equivalent
                            patient data (including         patient data
                          anonymizer) and viewer    Main system
    components                                     •   Microsoft HoloLens 2
                       •   Microsoft HoloLens 2
                                                     •   Streaming hardware hub
                       •   Browser based                to connect image
                               (universal) mobile device       modalities directly to
                           viewer                         Microsoft HoloLens 2

                                                     •   Anonymizer (for video’s)

                       •   MRI                      •   CT                           Substantially equivalent,
                       •   CT                       •   angio CT                  the subject device uses MRI  Imaging modality                                                         and CT imaging data, while
                                                     •   MRI                       the predicate device allows
                                                     •   CBCT                       to use a broader range of
                                                     •   PET CT                    imaging modalities. Thus,
                                                     •   SPECT CT                  the predicate device allows                                                                                     to view more data types in
                                                                                the HoloLens.
                       •   DICOM                    •   DICOM                       Substantially equivalent,
                                                                              both the subject device as
                       •   3D formats: STL GLTF      •   3D formats: OBJ, STLData Type Supported                                                                        well as the predicate device
                       •   PDF                      •   PDF                       support DICOM imaging as
                       •   JPEG                     •   JPEG                         well as 3D format types.
                                                                         The predicate device
                       •  PNG                      •  PNG                          additionally supports data
                                                     •  MP4                       types which allow video
                                                                                     streaming.


                       •   3D view in web browser    •   General manipulation in      Substantially equivalent:
                                                       HoloLens (grab, move,


                                      Page 5 of 10

Device                Subject device                Predicate device              Comparison analysis
characteristics
                       •   Fusion of 3D objects          zoom, hide, change color     •   Both the predicate
      Image                          with source image data          etc.)                             device and Lumi enable
  view/manipulation
                        (web browser and                                         marking on 3D models
                            Microsoft HoloLens 2)      •    Surgical Preparation Tools         in HMD for planning
                                                           (draw, measure, etc).            purposes.
                       •   General manipulation in
                          HoloLens (grab, move,     •   Sharing (remote, but not    •   Lumi allows for saving
                         zoom, hide, change color        co-located).                       revisions on 3D models
                                 etc.)                                                         (both web and
                                                                                           Microsoft HoloLens 2)
                       •    Surgical preparation
                              tools which allow                                          •   Lumi allows validation
                         markings on 3D models                                          of 3D models.
                               in Microsoft HoloLens 2

                       •   Sharing (remote and colocated)

                       •  Web browser (computer)   •  Web browser (computer)     Substantially equivalent,
                                                                                      VSI uses additional                        and Microsoft HoloLens       and Microsoft HoloLens 2
   Communication                                                             hardware to connect to
                        2 connect to cloud            connect to cloudbetween headset and                                                         image acquisition systems.
     computer            environment.                 environment.             Communication for both
                                                                                the subject as well as the
                       •   Wireless encrypted        •   Wireless encrypted          predicate device is wireless,
                                                                         and data encrypted.                           connection with               connection with Microsoft
                            Microsoft HoloLens 2.          HoloLens 2. Hardware to
                                                   stream data from image
                                                              acquisition system directly
                                                         to Microsoft HoloLens 2.

                         Yes, for CT, MRI                This viewing feature enables      Substantially equivalent for
   MPR viewing                                   the display of CT, MRI, CBCT,     CT and MRI.
                                                   Angio CT, PET CT and SPECT CT
                                                images into axial, coronal and
                                                           sagittal orientations
                       •   3D volume rendering in   3D perspective views of CT,       Different, but no impact on
                                                     MRI, CBCT, Angio CT, PET CT      safety and effectiveness.                      web browser.
 3D Volume rendered                             and SPECT CT images sets that  Both the subject as well as
       viewing                                   have been transformed into      predicate device present 2D
                       •   Option to create manual   volumes. It also provides        imaging information in 3D,
                         segmentation to          presets to enable users to alter   however, the predicate
                               visualize results in        the visualization parameters     device does not include
                                                       of the 3D views to highlight     image segmentation                            Microsoft HoloLens 2.
                                                         features.                          functionality.

                       Creating and saving of 3D      Saving and loading               Substantially equivalent
                     models and marks thereon     configurations of medical
  Surgical planning    on HMD for planning           images, marks, and 3D models
                       purposes.                  on HMD.
                                                              Ability to save and load
                                                   combinations and
                                                arrangement of objects
                                                       displayed in the 3D space on
                                                   HoloLens for planning
                                                      purposes.
                                                              Possibility to create
                                                   annotation like drawings.
                 Web browser (computer) and  Web browser (computer) and     Substantially equivalent
 Transmission modes   Microsoft HoloLens 2 connect   Microsoft HoloLens 2 connect
                          via wireless encrypted           via wireless encrypted


                                      Page 6 of 10

Device                Subject device                Predicate device              Comparison analysis
characteristics
                       connection to cloud            connection to cloud
                      environment.                 environment.

                      Software verification and       Visual quality testing on          Substantially equivalent
                         validation was performed      software using the Microsoft
                    and demonstrates that the    HoloLens Headset has been
   Verification and     LumiNE US software           performed.
      validation        performs as intended in the     Non-clinical and clinical data
                         specified use conditions.       demonstrate that VSI
                     Documentation is provided     Holomedicine is as safe, as
                      as recommended by FDA’s      effective, and performs as well
                      Guidance for Industry and      as the legally marketed device
                  FDA Staff ‘Content of           predicate. Software
                     Premarket Submissions for     verification and validation
                       Device Software Functions’.    demonstrate that the VSI
                          In addition, non-clinical        Holomedicine should perform
                        testing was performed to      as intended in the specified
                       evaluate the performance of   use conditions.
                      the semi-automated
                     segmentation algorithm
                       against manual
                     segmentation data.
                         Visual quality testing on
                      software using the Microsoft
                      HoloLens 2 Head-Mounted
                        Display has been performed.
                          Non-clinical and clinical data
                     demonstrate that the
                   LumiNE US software is as
                          safe, as effective, and
                      performs as well as the
                           legally marketed device
                         predicate.


                                      Page 7 of 10

5.2  Similarities between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device
Both the subject device and the predicate device share the same indications for use. Both devices are
intended for the visualization of medical images in preoperative planning. They enable the conversion of 2D
imaging information into 3D and virtually visualize the 3D models, and as such provide additional insights
into anatomy and pathology. Both devices are intended for visualization purposes only and are not intended
for diagnostic use.

Thus, both the subject and predicate device include surgical planning tools which allow for the preparation
of surgical treatment.

The subject device as well as the predicate device make use of a secure cloud environment to store original
image data and visualization settings. In addition, for both devices, the cloud platform connects with
Microsoft HoloLens 2 which allows visualization of 3D virtual images.

5.3  Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device
The subject device is different from the predicate device, in that the predicate device allows the use of a
broader range of imaging modalities, has no restrictions regarding patient population and supports video
streaming in addition to DICOM and 3D format type data. These differences do not impact the safety and
effectiveness of the subject device.

The subject device uses a different method for visualization of 2D images in 3D: where the predicate device
uses volume rendering, the subject device allows image segmentation. This difference does not impact the
safety and effectiveness of the subject device compared to the predicate. Reference is made to performance
testing provided in the Performance section of this submission where results of the semi-automatic image
segmentation algorithm are compared to manual segmentation data, created and reviewed by an expert
panel of clinical specialists.

6 Summary of Performance Testing
Aside from the verification testing conducted as part of the software life cycle development process,
additional performance testing was performed on key elements of our software to demonstrate that the
device is safe and effective. A total of 9 nonclinical tests were performed as part of this submission. This
section provides a summary of the tests.

     1.     The performance of the semi-automatic segmentation function (T1cSF) was tested on a
            representative dataset, including data from the U.S. and outside the U.S. Analysis showed
               clinically acceptable accuracy for both the total test set and the U.S. subset (a more detailed
         summary is provided in Paragraph 8 of this 510(k) Summary).
     2.     The manual segmentation function was compared to 3D models generated using a third party
           software program. A high similarity was found between the systems.
     3.       In accordance with the IEC standards (IEC63145-20-20 and 63145-20-10) on contrast, optical
             distortion, luminance and spatial resolution, the visual quality of the head mounted display was
            tested to ensure that the device provides users with authentic and reliable virtual images.
     4.     DICOM visualization tests were performed to evaluate the features related to the manipulation
            of scans in the software.
     5.     The latency of the Multiplayer feature was tested to ensure it stays within acceptable limits,
            providing users with reliable and timely updates when using this function.
     6.      Multiple DICOM variants and scanners were tested to identify which DICOM variations are
           supported by the LumiNE US software, and which are not.
     7.      Testing that the dimensions of 3D virtual images, displayed using the Microsoft HoloLens 2 head
          mounted display, correspond with their real-world counterparts.
     8.      Testing the ability of the head mounted display to render colors accurately.
     9.      Testing the usability of the software by means of performing a Moderated Task Analysis (MTA).
    10.     Testing the STL import functionality to demonstrate users can safely upload and associate 3D
           models .in STL format to the exact same scan from which they were created

7  Validation of Machine Learning Algorithms
This section provides a summary of the validation of machine learned algorithms used in our submission as
requested by FDA during review of the 510(k). The LumiNE US MRI T1 tumor segmentation function (T1cSF)


                                       Page 8 of 10

transforms contrast enhanced T1-weighted MR images (MRI-T1) of the head into 3D models of the skin, brain,
tumor and ventricles, and therefore contains 4 algorithms.

The algorithms were originally trained using machine learning (nnUnet). To validate the T1cSF for application
in the U.S., and incorporation in the Augmedit LumiNE US software, a specific independent U.S. test dataset
of MRI-T1 scans was created with each scan belonging to a unique patient. This set was not used for training
of the T1cSF algorithms. The inclusion criteria for this dataset were:

          1.  Patient age of minimally 22 years
          2.  T1 weighted, contrast-enhanced MRI scan
          3.  Scan of the cranium from vertex to minimally foramen magnum level and maximally C2 level
         4.  Scan with more than 100 slices
         5.  Scan with maximum slice thickness of 2 mm
         6.  Scan with maximum slice interval of 2mm
         7.  Scan contains minimally 1 and maximum 4 intracranial lesions which are diagnosed as
            Glioblastoma, Meningioma, or Metastasis by a neurosurgeon or neuroradiologist with a minimal
          volume of 0.5 cc (0.06 in3), and a minimal diameter in any direction 0.5 cm (0.20 inch)

The selected U.S. data were collected from institutions covering a wide range of regions across the U.S., from
the West Coast to the East Coast and the Southern region. The U.S. data includes a diverse set of patients
from different regions and ethnic backgrounds. When compared to the U.S. Census Bureau 2023 data, the
demographic distribution of the test set reflected the U.S. general population. Each U.S. center contributed
to the ethnic diversity of the dataset.

The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) and the 95% Hausdorff Distance (95% HD) were chosen as evaluation
metrics because the DSC and the 95% HD are among the most commonly used metrics for evaluating the
quality of medical image segmentation algorithms. The Dice score measures the overlap between the
predicted segmentation and the ground truth, providing a straightforward way to assess segmentation
accuracy. The 95% HD, on the other hand, measures the distance between the boundaries of the predicted
and actual segmentations, focusing on the worst-case errors while mitigating the impact of outliers.

First the required sample size for the U.S. test was determined for each structure (skin, brain, tumor and
ventricle). Using the DSC, the required number of scans was calculated to establish non-inferiority compared
to the European dataset (publicly available (https://doi.org/10.1007/s00701-024-05973-8). Thereby also
minimally acceptable criteria per metric per structure were determined. Thereby the following acceptance
criteria were chosen:

          1.  DSC: For tumor segmentation, a DSC above 0.80 was considered acceptable. For skin and brain,
          a DSC above 0.90 was considered acceptable. For ventricles a DSC above 0.85 was considered
            acceptable.
          2.  95% HD: For brain, skin and ventricle segmentation a 95% HD of below 10 mm was considered
           as acceptable. For tumor, a 95%HD of 15 mm or below was considered as acceptable.

The U.S data was individually truthed by 3 U.S. based neurosurgeons with relevant experience including
fellowships. The definitive US ground truth test set was established by mutual agreement after internal
discussion and signed off per scan per truther.

Results were analyzed using the median dependent on data distribution in the subgroup. For each structure,
all results were statistically non-inferior compared to the European test set data. Thereby all DSC and 95%
HD results were shown to be within preset limits:

1. DSC: median values including 95% CI were above the acceptance criterium in all structures; For brain, the
95% CI of the median Dice (0.96, 95% CI 0.95-0.97) was totally above the established criterium (Dice 0.9). For
skin, the 95% CI of the median Dice (0.99, 95% CI 0.99-0.1) was totally above the established criterium (Dice
0.9). For tumor, the 95% CI of the median Dice (0.93, 95% CI 0.92-0.94) was totally above the established
criterium (Dice 0.8). For ventricles, the 95% CI of the median Dice (0.89, 95% CI 0.85-0.91) was totally above
the established criterium (Dice 0.85).

2. 95% HD: median values including 95% CI were below the acceptance criterium in all structures. For brain,
the 95% CI of the median 95% HD (5.88, 95% CI 4.75-8.39) was totally below the established criterium (10
mm). For skin, the 95% CI of the median 95% HD (3.36, 95% CI 0.99- 5.51) was totally below the established
criterium (10 mm). For tumor, the 95% CI of the median 95% HD (2.85, 95% CI 1.82- 4.12) was totally below
the established criterium (15 mm) and also below 10 mm. For ventricles, the 95% CI of the median 95% HD
(1.93, 95% CI 1.70-2.92) was totally below the established criterium (10 mm).


                                       Page 9 of 10

An analysis was performed to compare an EU sample to the US sample, and this demonstrated non-inferiority
for DSC and HD95 across the four applicable segmented structures.

We subsequently performed a more detailed subgroup analysis of the general T1cSF segmentation
performance in all 4 categories (brain, skin, tumor, ventricles) according to gender, race/ethnicity, tumor
type, scanner model, magnetic field strength, scan quality and institution. This did not show any influence to
T1cSF segmentation quality in this U.S. test set.

We subsequently performed a more detailed subgroup  analysis of the T1cSF tumor segmentation
performance according to Size/Volume, Number of lesions and Location.

    1.  Size/Volume: We observed that the subgroups with 'Tumor Volume = 0-2cc' and 'Biggest Lesion’s Max
       Diameter = 0-15mm' showed DSC and/or 95% HD results below the acceptance criteria. These
       subgroups also contained many of the outliers. We thereby found insufficient data for tumors larger
       than 100cc or with a max diameter exceeding 75mm.
    2.  Number of Lesions: We also observed a lack of sufficient data to validate the performance of scans
       with multiple lesions.
    3.  Location: We observed an equally distributed performance across regions and side.

Based on the results above, the LumiNE US T1cSF can thereby be used for tumor segmentation only in case
of a single intracranial contrast enhancing tumor, diagnosed by a neuroradiologist or a neurosurgeon, with a
minimal volume of 2.0 cc (0.1 in3) and a minimal diameter in any direction of 15 mm (0.6 inch), and a
maximum volume of 100cc (6.1 in3) and a maximal diameter in any direction of 75 mm (3.0 inch).

8  Application of Standards
The following standards are applicable to the LumiNE US software:

    •  EN ISO 13485:2016/A11:2021 Medical devices - Quality management systems
    •   ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices (Recognition
       number: 5-125)
    •  EN 62304:2006+A1:2015 Medical Device software- Software  Life-Cycle Processes (Recognition
       number: 13-79)

LumiNE US software passed all testing. Details and reports are included in Section Software/Firmware and
Cybersecurity and Interoperability and Section Performance Testing. The testing performed demonstrates
that the subject device, LumiNE US software, meets  all requirements.  It meets the requirements of
international and US standards for safety and performance.

The Declarations of Conformity to the above listed standards are provided in the Administrative Section of
this submission.

There is no additional Electrical safety information applicable for this submission.

Finally, the following FDA guidance Documents were used during preparation of this 510(k) submission:

     -   Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions, Guidance for Industry and Food
       and Drug Administration Staff; June 2023
     -   Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
        Submissions, Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff; September 27, 2023


                                      Page 10 of 10