PIUR Imaging GmbH
℅ Jennifer Willner
JW Regulatory Consulting LLC
406 Wacouta St, Suite 417, St. Paul
MN 55101
USA
                                                                        September 20, 2024
Re: K240036
    Trade/Device Name: PIUR tUS Infinity
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 22, 2024
    Received: August 22, 2024

Dear Milos Stojanovic:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240036 - Milos Stojanovic                                                            Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K240036 - Milos Stojanovic                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK240036
Device Name
 PIUR tUS Infinity

Indications for Use (Describe)
 PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided detection device intended to assist and support medical
 professionals in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and thyroid nodules acquired from FDA-cleared
 ultrasound systems, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. The device supports
 the physician with additional information during image review, including quantification and
 visualization of sonographic characteristics of thyroid nodules.

 PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on any adult patient aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
 linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply.

 The PIUR tUS Infinity acts as part of the diagnostic chain and must not be used as a sole source for
 treatment decisions, but as an add-on solution to regular 2D ultrasound imaging.

 PIUR tUS Infinity device is not intended for body contact (including skin, mucosal membrane,
 breached or compromised surfaces, blood path indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or circulation blood).
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       F  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(K) SUMMARY
 510(k) Number: K240036
 Date Prepared: September 20, 2024

 Table 1: Submitter Information
  Manufacturer:                         Manufacturer’s Contact Person:
  PIUR Imaging GmbH                    Jennifer Willner
  Hamburgerstr. 11/Top 7                 President JW Regulatory Consulting LLC
  1050 Vienna Austria                  Phone: +1 (612) 240-8904
 US FDA ERN: Pending                Email: Jennifer@JWRegulatoryConsulting.com

 Table 2: Device Information
  Trade Name            PIUR tUS Infinity
 Common Name          PIUR tUS Infinity
  Classification Name         Picture Archiving and Communications System
  Regulation               21 CFR 892.2050
  Product Code           QIH
  Regulatory Classification:   Class II
  Device Panel:              Radiology (OHT8)

The PIUR tUS Infinity is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared predicate AmCADUT (Table 3). Neither of these have been subject to a design-related recall.

 Table 3: Predicate Devices
   Predicate Device          Manufacturer         FDA 510(k)
 AmCAD-UT        AmCad BioMed Corporation        K203555


Device Description

PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided solution to aid in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and
thyroid nodules, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. Computer vision and
machine learning algorithms are applied to a sequence of ultrasound images of the thyroid that
have been acquired by a compatible FDA-cleared ultrasound system. The solution identifies the
thyroid lobe and proposes its margins to the user who then can make adjustments to the
segmentation and approve the final result. Based on this, a lobe volume is calculated. With
additional user input, thyroid nodules can be marked, quantified, and visualized as multiplanar
reconstructions or 3D volume renderings. The system provides a user interface for the user to
select the five ACR TI-RADS parameters and calculates the ACR TI-RADS level from the user
input for each nodule. All proposed results must be verified, adjusted if necessary, and confirmed
by the user before they can be added to an automatically generated clinical report.
The Infinity software runs on a stand-alone computer (Infinity Workstation – not part of the
medical product) that fulfils the defined minimum requirements. It takes as an input a sequence
of ultrasound images that are transmitted from the ultrasound to the Infinity Workstation


PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024

wirelessly through the Infinity Box. The Infinity Box is a piece of hardware that connects to
compatible standard ultrasound systems via digital video output such as HDMI or DVI. It grabs
2D ultrasound images through a video grabber and transfers the images to the Infinity
Workstation via Wi-Fi in real-time. In addition, a small Infinity Sensor must be clipped onto the
ultrasound transducer using individually designed attachments. An inertial measurement unit
(IMU) tracks the orientation of the transducer during the scan and sends this information to the
Infinity Workstation via Bluetooth. The Infinity Workstation combines information from the
Infinity Box and Sensor to generate tomographic 3D ultrasound volumes on which the abovedescribed image analysis can be performed.
The PIUR tUS Infinity acts as part of the diagnostic chain only and must not be used as a sole
source for diagnostic or treatment decisions.
The solution is intended to be used on patients aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply, in
a non-sterile environment. The solution is not intended to be used on patients with open wounds
or irritated skin or during surgery.

Indications for Use

PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided detection device intended to assist and support medical
professionals in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and thyroid nodules acquired from FDAcleared ultrasound systems, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. The device
supports the physician with additional information during image review, including quantification
and visualization of sonographic characteristics of thyroid nodules.

PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on any adult patient aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply.

The PIUR tUS Infinity acts as part of the diagnostic chain and must not be used as a sole source
for treatment decisions, but as an add-on solution to regular 2D ultrasound imaging.

PIUR tUS Infinity device is not intended for body contact (including skin, mucosal membrane,
breached or compromised surfaces, blood path indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or circulation
blood).

Technological Characteristics

The PIUR tUS Infinity system provides the following functions:
   •  Use of ultrasound image post-processing to aid in the diagnosis of thyroid diseases.
   •  Operates in combination with hardware to generate 3D volumes. The Infinity Sensor is
       connected to the ultrasound transducer to detect probe movement for spatial 3D
       information. This use of hardware allows for reduced inter- and intra-observer variability
      compared to 2D ultrasound.


PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024

•  Provides volumetric information as diagnostic output for the thyroid lobe and nodule as
        additional information. This includes nodule volume, which can be important for
       evaluating nodule growth over time.

Performance Standards

PIUR tUS Infinity has been developed in conformance with the following standards and FDA
guidance, as applicable:
   •  ISO 13485:2016, Quality management systems – Requirements for regulatory purposes
   •  ISO 14971:2019, Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
   •  IEC 62366-1:2015, Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
       medical devices
   •  IEC 62304:2015, Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
   •  IEC 82304-1:2016, Health Software Part 1: General Requirements for Product Safety
   •  EN 301 489-1 V2.2.3 (2019-11) – Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standard for
       radio equipment and services; Part I: common technical requirements; Harmonized
       standard covering essential requirements of article 3.1b of Directive 2014/53/EU and the
        essential requirements of article 6 of Directive 2014/30/EU
   •  EN 301 489-17 V3.2.4:2020 – Electromagnetic compatibility and Radio spectrum
       Matters (ERM); Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standard for radio equipment; Part
       17: Specific conditions for Broadband Data Transmission Systems
   •  IEC 60601-1:2013 – Medical electrical equipment – Part 1: General requirements for
       basic safety and essential performance
   •  IEC 60601-1-2:2014 – Medical electrical equipment General requirements for basic
        safety and essential performance. Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances.
      Requirements and tests
   •  IEC 60601-2-37:2016 – Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements
        for the basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and
       monitoring equipment
   •  ISO 15223-1:2021, Medical devices — Symbols to be used with information to be
       supplied by the manufacturer — Part 1: General requirements
   •  IEC 60417:2002, Graphical symbols for use on equipment
   • NEMA PS 3.1-3.20:2016, Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
   •  Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
       Devices, September 2023
   •  Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology
      Device Data – Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions, September 2022


PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024

Performance Data

The PIUR tUS Infinity system complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in
Medicine), developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical
Manufacturers Association – NEMA PS 3.1-3.20.

PIUR Imaging conducted summative usability evaluation, performance validation testing and
software verification and validation testing of the PIUR tUS Infinity system. The results of the
usability and performance validation testing demonstrated that the PIUR tUS Infinity system
provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically
relevant parameters associated with the intended use of the software. Software performance,
validation and verification testing demonstrated that the PIUR tUS Infinity system met all design
requirements and specifications.

To validate the safety and performance of the PIUR tUS Infinity System software and machine
learning algorithms, PIUR conducted performance testing that consisted of two major parts:

    1) Volume Measurement Validation

             a.  Demonstrate non-inferiority of volume measurements against conventional
              protocol using:
                             i.  Standardized (%) absolute inter-observer differences
                            ii.  Lin’s Concordance Correlation Coefficient
                          iii. Mean Squared Error
    2) ACR TI-RADS Classification Validation

             a.  Demonstrate non-inferiority of the PIUR tUS Infinity in ACR TI-RADS
                classification against conventional 2D ultrasound using Weighted Cohen’s Kappa
               coefficient in 196 male and female patients (US, Europe & Brazil) across multiple
                ethnicities and using 7 ultrasound models (covering low-end, mid-range, and
              high-end scanners).
            b.  In addition, PIUR assessed performance for individual ACR TI-RADS subparameters to exclude bias or distortion introduced by 3D reconstruction using a
               sub-set of 102 patients. Weighted Cohen’s Kappa Coefficients and Limits of
            Agreement for ultrasound categories (total score, composition, echogenicity,
              shape, margin and echogenic foci) were assessed on thyroid nodules.
Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the PIUR tUS Infinity. The testing
complies with the applicable sections of IEC 60601-1:2013, Medical electrical equipment – Part
1: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance, IEC 60601-1-2:2014,
Medical electrical equipment – Part 1-2: General requirements for the basic safety and essential
performance – Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility – Requirements and tests, and
IEC 60601-2-37:2016, Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements for the
basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring
equipment. An additional white-noise test verified that the use of the wireless PIUR tUS Infinity
equipment does not induce any additional white noise band in the ultrasound image, and

PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024

therefore, does not degrade the quality of ultrasound images

Together with software verification and validation, safety and performance testing demonstrated
that PIUR tUS Infinity system satisfies all design requirements and device specifications and is
substantially equivalent to the Predicate Device.

Substantial Equivalence

In comparison with the Predicate AmCAD device (K203555), the PIUR tUS Infinity device has
the same intended use / indications, technological characteristics and principles of operation as
described in the comparison table below.
Table 4: Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table
     Description                Subject Device                 Predicate Device (K203555)
 Product Name     PIUR tUS Infinity               AmCAD-UT
 Manufacturer     PIUR Imaging GmbH             AmCad BioMed Corporation
 Product Code /                QIH / 21CFR 892.2050             QIH / 21CFR 892.2050 Regulation
                 PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-aided
                       detection device intended to assist and
                      support the medical professionals in the
                       diagnostic workflow of thyroid and                                        AmCAD-UT is a Windows-based
                       thyroid nodules acquired from FDA-                                                           computer-aided detection (CADe)
                       cleared ultrasound systems, including     device intended to assist the medical
                   image documentation, analysis, and       professionals in analyzing thyroid
                        reporting. The device supports the        ultrasound images, acquired from
                      physician with additional information    FDA-cleared ultrasound systems.
                                                   The region of interest (ROI) of a                      during image review, including
                                                                  user-selected thyroid nodule is                        quantification and visualization of
                                                              defined by users or suggested by an                     sonographic characteristics of thyroid Indications for                                        Al contouring algorithm. After the
                       nodules. Use                                                                          initial review of the ultrasound
                 PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on any   images by the physicians, the device
                        adult patient aged 22 and older,            further provides detailed information
                     independent of gender, linguistic and     with quantification and visualization
                                                                of sonographic characteristics of                         cultural background, or health status,
                                                                thyroid nodules. The device is                       unless any of the contraindications
                                                              intended for use on ultrasound                       apply.                                                        images of discrete thyroid nodules
                 PIUR tUS Infinity device is not                                                                    larger than Icm, for which a biopsy
                      intended for body contact (including                                                       recommendation is required.
                         skin, mucosal membrane, breached or
                   compromised surfaces, blood path
                          indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or
                        circulation blood).


PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024

Description                Subject Device                 Predicate Device (K203555)
                  The device performs 2D to 3D                                        AmCAD-UT analyzes the user-                       reconstruction to generate volumetric                                                              defined or AI-suggested regions of                       data of a thyroid. User-selected
                                                                        interest (ROI) of a user-selected                    computer vision and machine learning
                                                                thyroid nodule for detection and                      algorithm suggested volumes of thyroid
                      lobe and nodules are visualized to be      quantification of sonographic Functional                     confirmed by user. The system provides   characteristics (hyperechoic foci, Capability of                     a user interface for the user to manually   echogenicity, texture, margin, Image Processing                         select sonographic characteristics of       orientation and anechoic areas). The
                     each nodule (hyperechoic foci,                                                             device further provides detailed
                       echogenicity, texture, margin,                                                              information with visualization of
                        orientation and anechoic areas) from                                                            sonographic characteristics of                   which an ACR TI-RADS score will be
                                                                thyroid nodules.                    computed.
                    Device provides quantification and     AmCAD-UT is to provide
                        visualization of sonographic               quantification and visualization of Reading                         characteristics based on 3D volumetric    sonographic characteristics after Paradigm                         data. Results provide proposals to be      physicians’ initial review of the
                     reviewed and confirmed by physicians.                                                            images.
                                                   The image can be annotated with the
                  The device can export volumetric data,    detected sonographic characteristics
 Output Generated   annotated screenshots and reports.       and be recorded by the device. The
 by the CAD         Report can contain both sides of the      software also automatically
 Device                patient and includes all relevant           generates reports given the user
                       diagnostic information.                   preference inputs in the analysis
                                                                 process.
 Type of Film to be
 Processed by the     Digital ultrasound videoclip (cineloop)    Digital ultrasound image
 CAD Device
                   Based on computer vision, machine      Based on AI, Statistical Pattern
 Software Design     learning, pattern recognition and         Recognition and Quantification
                        quantification method.                                                     method
                  The ground truth to be established for    The ground truth to be established
 Ground Truth      performance studies of the device are      for performance studies of the device
 Establishment       annotated data sets labeled by medical     is the ROI labeled by a panel of
                          specialists.                                                                         specialists.
 Platform          Windows-based                   Same
 Operating System   Standard PC or review station         Same
 Clinical                     Thyroid Lesions                       Thyroid cancers Application
 Image Type         Ultrasound volume image               Ultrasound Image


PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024

Description                Subject Device                 Predicate Device (K203555)
              DICOM format:
                    Secondary Capture Image Storage -
                       1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7
                     Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Secondary
                     Capture Image Storage -
 Image Format       1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7.2           DICOM3.0, Bitmap, JPEG
                     Multi-frame True Color Secondary
                     Capture Image Storage -
                       1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7.4
                     Refer to: DICOM-Conformance
                    Statement-PIUR tUS Infinity
 ROI                  Yes                              Yes Quantification
 Automatically
 Generating        Yes                            Same
 Report
 Performance        Results from standalone performance                                                               Results from standalone performance Testing Data to      testing of machine learning algorithm                                                                      testing of AI suggested ROI’s of Support SE         suggested ROIs of user-selected
                                                                  user-selected nodules Determination      nodules
                         Infinity Box
 Device                                         N/A – Predicate is a software only                         Infinity Sensor Components                                                device (SaMD)
                         Infinity Software
 DICOM                  Yes                            Same Compliance
                     Acquires medical image data from
 Data Acquisition   DICOM compliant Ultrasound imaging  Same
                      devices
 Data / Image                     Ultrasound image via DICOM format    Same Types


Conclusions

The PIUR tUS Infinity system performs as intended and presents no unacceptable risks to the
intended patient population. The performance testing supports the safety of the device and
demonstrate that the PIUR tUS Infinity system performs as intended in the specified use
conditions. The PIUR tUS Infinity system is substantially equivalent in intended use,
technological characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed
Predicate AmCAD-UT Device (K203555).


PIUR Imaging                                                      September 2024