June 15, 2025

Withings
Aline Criton
Regulatory Affairs Manager
2 Rue Maurice Hartmann
Issy-Les-Moulineaux, Île-de-France 92130
France

Re: K240795
    Trade/Device Name: Withings ECG App
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2345
    Regulation Name: Electrocardiograph software for over-the-counter use.
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDA
    Dated: [NOTE: Use date of most recent supplement]
    Received: June 13, 2025

Dear Aline Criton:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240795 - Aline Criton                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K240795 - Aline Criton                                                               Page  3


                                                 Sincerely,

                                   Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                 Jennifer Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                   Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K240795

Device Name
Withings ECG App


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Withings ECG App is a software-only device intended for use with the ScanWatch to create, record, store, transfer
and display a single channel electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a Lead I ECG. The Withings ECG App determines the
presence of atrial fibrillation (AFib), sinus rhythm and high heart rate (no signs of AFib with heart rate 100-150 bpm) on a
classifiable waveform. The Withings ECG App is not recommended for users with other known arrhythmias.

The Withings ECG App is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use. The ECG data displayed by the Withings ECG App
is intended for informational use only. The user is not intended to interpret or take clinical action based on the device
output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional. The ECG waveform is meant to supplement rhythm
classification for the purposes of discriminating AFib from normal sinus rhythm and not intended to replace traditional
methods of diagnosis or treatment.

The Withings ECG App is intended to supplement rhythm classification for the purposes of discriminating AFib from
normal rhythms. The device is not intended to replace traditional methods or diagnosis.

The ECG acquired by ScanWatch is not intended for manual and/or automated measurement of QT-interval.

The Withings ECG app is not intended for use by people under 22 years old.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K240795 - Withings ECG App


                           510(k) Summary

    1.  Submitter

        510(k) Number :              K240795

        Applicant:                       Withings
                                   2 Rue Maurice Hartmann
                                        Issy-Les-Moulineaux
                                     France 92130

       Submission Correspondent:       Aline Criton
                                         Chief Clinical and Regulatory Affairs Officer
                                    Phone: +33 6 64 20 47 65
                                         Email: aline.criton@withings.com

       Date Prepared:                June 13, 2025


    2.  Subject Device Information

        Device/Proprietary Name:         Withings ECG App

         Classification/Regulation Name:   Electrocardiograph software for over-the-counter
                                    use

        Regulation Number:            21 CFR 870.2345

        Regulatory Class:               Class II

        Product Code:             QDA

        510(k) review panel:              Cardiovascular


    3.  Predicate Device Information


        Predicate Manufacturer:           Apple, Inc.

        Predicate Device Name:       ECG 2.0 App

        Predicate 510(k) Number:        K201525


    4.  Description of the Device

      The Withings ECG App is a software only mobile medical application that has two
      components:

        ●  Withings ECG Watch App
        ●  Withings ECG Phone App


                                                               Page 1 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


      Withings ECG Watch App

      The Withings ECG Watch App is integrated on the Withings ScanWatch, model number
      hwa10. The Withings ECG Watch App analyzes the data collected by electrodes on the
       Withings ScanWatch to generate an ECG waveform similar to a Lead  I, calculate the
      average heart rate and provide rhythm classification to the user for a given 30 second
       session. Withings ECG Watch App uses machine learning techniques for ECG rhythm
        classification.

       Withings ECG Watch App consists of a software library called ECG-SW2 library. The
     ECG-SW2, is a software library that includes an algorithm that processes the raw ECG
       signals and a tracing filter that filters the ECG signal to provide the user an output on the
       user interface (watch and smartphone).

      Withings ECG Phone App

      The Withings ECG Phone App contains the installation steps, tutorial and the instructions
        for use that the user must review prior to taking an ECG reading. The Withings ECG Phone
      App is included in the Withings App, which displays the ECG results and also allows the
       user to store, manage and share health data.

    5.  Intended Use
     An electrocardiograph software device for over-the-counter use creates, analyzes, and

       displays electrocardiograph data, and can provide information for identifying cardiac

       arrhythmias. This device is not intended to provide a diagnosis.

    6.  Indications for Use
      The Withings ECG App is a software-only device intended for use with the ScanWatch to
       create, record, store, transfer and display a single channel electrocardiogram (ECG)
        similar to a Lead  I ECG. The Withings ECG App determines the presence of atrial
         fibrillation (AFib), sinus rhythm and high heart rate (no signs of AFib with heart rate
      100-150 bpm) on a classifiable waveform. The Withings ECG App is not
      recommended for users with other known arrhythmias.
      The Withings ECG App is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use. The ECG data
       displayed by the Withings ECG App is intended for informational use only. The user is not
       intended to interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation
        of a qualified healthcare professional. The ECG waveform is meant to supplement rhythm
        classification for the purposes of discriminating AFib from normal sinus rhythm and not
       intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment.


                                                               Page 2 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


       The Withings ECG App is intended to supplement rhythm classification for the purposes
          of discriminating AFib from normal rhythms. The device  is not intended to replace
           traditional methods or diagnosis.

       The ECG acquired by ScanWatch  is not intended  for manual and/or automated
        measurement of QT-interval.

       The Withings ECG app is not intended for use by people under 22 years old.

      7. Comparison to the Predicate


                    Subject device:                    Predicate device: ECG 2.0 App      Comparison to predicate
Characteristics
                    Withings ECG App                 (K201525)                         device

Device Name        Withings ECG App            ECG 2.0 App                  NA
Manufacturer        Withings                            Apple, Inc                    NA
510(k)              Not assigned                    K201525                    NA

Regulation Number 21 CFR 870.2345                 21 CFR 870.2345                         Identical

Class               Class II                            Class II                                    Identical

510(k) Review
                     Cardiovascular                      Cardiovascular                            Identical
Panel
Product Code     QDA                     QDA                                       Identical

Prescription / OTC  OTC                      OTC                                       Identical

Intended use       An electrocardiograph software      An electrocardiograph software device Substantially equivalent. Both the
                      device for over-the-counter use         for over-the-counter use creates,       subject device and predicate
                        creates, analyzes, and displays       analyzes, and displays              have the same intended use.
                       electrocardiograph data, and can      electrocardiograph data, and can
                       provide information for identifying      provide information for identifying
                       cardiac arrhythmias. This device is    cardiac arrhythmias. This device is not
                       not intended to provide a diagnosis.   intended to provide a diagnosis.


                                                                 Page 3 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


Indications for Use   The Withings ECG App is a software-   The ECG app is a software-only        Substantially equivalent. Both the
                        only device intended for use with the    mobile medical application intended    subject device and predicate
                    ScanWatch to create, record, store,       for use with the Apple Watch to       have the same indications for use
                           transfer and display a single channel     create, record, store, transfer, and     except for QT interval
                        electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a     display a single channel             measurement.
                    Lead I ECG.The Withings ECG app    electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a
                     determines the presence of atrial     Lead I ECG. The ECG app determines
                              fibrillation (AFib), sinus rhythm and    the presence of atrial fibrillation (AFib),
                      high heart rate (no signs of AF with    sinus rhythm and high heart rate (no
                       heart rate 100-150 bpm) on a         detected AF with heart rate 100-150
                          classifiable waveform. The Withings   bpm). The ECG app is not
               ECG App is not recommended for    recommended for users with other
                      users with other known arrhythmias.  known arrhythmias.

                  The Withings ECG app is intended   The ECG app is intended for over-thefor over-the-counter (OTC) use. The   counter (OTC) use. The ECG data
               ECG data displayed by the Withings   displayed by the ECG app is intended
               ECG App is intended for                 for informational use only. The user is
                        informational use only. The user is     not intended to interpret or take
                       not intended to interpret or take         clinical action based on the device
                            clinical action based on the device                                                            output without consultation of a
                       output without consultation of a         qualified healthcare professional. The
                         qualified healthcare professional.    ECG waveform is meant to
                  The ECG waveform is meant to       supplement rhythm classification for
                    supplement rhythm classification for   the purposes of discriminating AFib
                       the purposes of discriminating AFib   from normal sinus rhythm and not
                     from normal sinus rhythm and not     intended to replace traditional
                      intended to replace traditional        methods of diagnosis or treatment.
                   methods of diagnosis or treatment.
                                                The ECG app is not intended for use
                  The ECG acquired by ScanWatch is   by people under 22 years old.
                       not intended for manual and/or
                    automated measurement of QTinterval.

                  The Withings ECG App is not
                      intended for use by people under 22
                      years old.

Clinical Application The Withings ECG App is intended to The ECG 2.0 app is intended to          Substantially equivalent. Both the
                   supplement rhythm classification for   supplement rhythm classification for the subject device and predicate
                      the purposes of discriminating Afib    purposes of discriminating Afib from    have the same clinical
                    from normal rhythms. The device is   normal rhythms. The device is not       application.
                      not intended to replace traditional     intended to replace traditional methods
                  methods of diagnosis.                 or diagnosis.
Intended              Individuals (22 years or older)          Individuals (22 years or older)            Identical.
population
ECG Channel        Single Channel, Lead I                Single Channel, Lead I                   Identical

Prescription Use   OTC                      OTC                                      Identical

        Table 1: High-level comparison between the subject device and the predicate device for
         intended use and indications for use.


                                                                 Page 4 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


Technological              Subject device:             Predicate device: ECG 2.0  Comparison to predicate
Characteristic              Withings ECG App       App (K201525)             device


Principle of Operation      The Withings ECG App      The ECG 2.0 app acquires    Substantially Equivalent.
                             acquires platform sensor      platform sensor data from     Both devices have the same
                            data from ScanWatch. After   Apple Watch. After             principle of operation. Both
                                 acquisition, the Withings       acquisition, the ECG 2.0      devices acquire sensor data
                   ECG App algorithms        app algorithms process and   from a smartwatch, followed
                            process and classify the        classify the signal and        by algorithm processing,
                               signal and display the         display the classification to    signal classification and
                                  classification to the user.      the user.              ECG result display.

Mechanism of Action      The watch acquires the      The watch acquires the        Substantially Equivalent.
                                   electrical potential between    electrical potential between   The subject device uses the
                              the electrode at the back of    the electrodes at the back of   electrode from the back of
                              the watch and the bezel and   the watch and the digital       the watch and the bezel
                            generates an ECG          crown and generates an      whereas the predicate
                           waveform.             ECG waveform.              device uses electrodes at
                                                                                          the back of the watch and
                                                                                          the digital crown. However,
                                                                                          the fundamental mechanism
                                                                                                   of action for both devices
                                                                                      are the same.

Use method                While at rest, users          While at rest, users            Substantially Equivalent.
                           complete a circuit with skin    complete a circuit with skin    Both devices follow a 30
                              contact from two fingers on    contact from a single finger   second ECG recording
                              the smartwatch bezel while   on the digital crown while      session. For the subject
                           wearing the smartwatch on    wearing the smartwatch on    device, the user is required
                                   their wrist. The ECG            their wrist. The ECG            to contact the bezel while
                              recording session will last     recording session will last     wearing the watch on the
                                    for 30 seconds.                  for 30 seconds.                 wrist whereas for the
                                                                                          predicate the user is
                                                                                          required to touch the digital
                                                                             crown while wearing the
                                                                               watch on the wrist. This
                                                                                  minor difference has been
                                                                                            validated through human
                                                                                                 factors and usability testing
                                                                          and is in accordance with
                                                                                          the special control
                                                                                     requirement 4.

Smartwatch Platform      A single channel          A single channel               Substantially Equivalent.
                             electrocardiogram (ECG)      electrocardiogram (ECG)     Both devices have
                                 similar to a Lead I ECG        similar to a Lead I ECG       electrodes on a smartwatch
                            taken from an electrode on    taken from electrodes on      with a single channel
                              the back of the watch and     the back of the watch and     electrocardiogram (ECG)
                              the bezel.                     the digital crown.               similar to a Lead I ECG.


Anatomical sites              Left hand fingers and right     Left hand finger and right      Substantially Equivalent.
                                 wrist or vice versa on a         wrist or vice versa on a       Both devices use finger(s)
                         consumer grade electronic    consumer grade electronic    and wrist for ECG
                              (smartwatch).                 (smartwatch).               measurement.

ECG Session                      - Low Heart Rate (< 50           - Low Heart Rate (< 50         Identical.
Classification Results      bpm)                    bpm)
                                         - High Heart Rate (> 150         - High Heart Rate ( > 150
                        bpm)                    bpm)
                                         - Sinus Rhythm (50-99 bpm)    - Sinus Rhythm (50-99 bpm)
                                         - High Heart Rate (No AFib)    - High Heart Rate (No AFib)
                            (100-150 bpm)              (100-150 bpm)


                                                                 Page 5 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


                                         - Atrial Fibrillation (50-99         - Atrial Fibrillation (50-99
                        bpm)                    bpm)
                                         - Atrial Fibrillation High           - Atrial Fibrillation High
                            Heart Rate (50-150 bpm)     Heart Rate (100-150 bpm)
                                         - Inconclusive                       - Inconclusive
                                         - Poor Recording                   - Poor Recording


User Interface             Watch screen and mobile    Watch screen and mobile      Substantially equivalent.
                         app screen                app screen                 Both devices have similar
                                                                                     user interfaces i.e.
                                                                                 smartwatch and mobile app
                                                                          on a smartphone.

ECG Waveform Display    A single channel          A single channel               Substantially equivalent.
                             electrocardiogram (ECG)      electrocardiogram (ECG)     Both devices display a
                                 similar to a Lead I ECG        similar to a Lead I ECG        single channel
                                                                                        electrocardiogram (ECG)
                                                                                                   similar to a Lead I ECG.

Compatibility             ScanWatch model: hwa10    Apple Watch (series 4 or       Substantially equivalent.
                             Withings App mobile            later models)                Both devices are compatible
                               application for Android and                                   with a smartwatch and a
                         iOS smartphones.           Apple Health mobile          mobile app on a
                                                               application for iOS           smartphone.
                                                     smartphones (iPhones)
        Table 2: High-level comparison between the subject device and the predicate device for
         technological characteristics and principle of operations.

       The technological characteristics of the subject device and the predicate device are
          similar. Both devices are electrocardiograph software only devices for OTC (Over-thecounter) use that creates, analyzes, and displays electrocardiograph data, and can
         provide information for identifying cardiac arrhythmias. Both devices are not intended to
         provide a diagnosis.

        Both are software only devices including an AFib detection algorithm. Both devices
         acquire platform sensor data from a smartwatch. The algorithm then processes and
          classifies the signal and displays the classification to the user. Therefore, both devices
        have the same principle of operation.

        Both devices are compatible with a consumer grade electronic device (smartwatch). For
         the subject device, the watch acquires the electrical potential between the electrode at the
        back of the watch and the bezel whereas for the predicate device the watch acquires the
          electrical potential between the electrodes at the back of the watch and the digital crown.
        However, the fundamental mechanism of action for both the devices are the same.

       The method of use for recording an ECG for the subject device involves fingers contacting
         the bezel and wrist contact with the back electrode of the watch whereas for the predicate
                it involves a finger contacting the digital crown and wrist contact with the back electrodes
          of the watch. This minor difference was assessed and tested through human factors and
          usability study, EC57 database testing and clinical testing.

          In conclusion, the subject device and the predicate device have the same intended use
       and  similar  technological  characteristics.  Non-clinical  testing and  clinical  testing
        demonstrate that the subject and predicate device have equivalent performance to
        determine the presence of atrial fibrillation (AFib), sinus rhythm, and high heart rate (no


                                                                 Page 6 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


       detected AF with heart rate 100-150 bpm) on a classifiable waveform. Therefore, the
       subject device, Withings ECG App is as safe and effective as the predicate device, ECG
       2.0 App.

    8. Summary of Performance Testing

       Nonclinical Testing

      Both devices are software only devices, including the detection algorithm and its inputs
      and outputs. EC57 database testing was performed on the subject device to validate the
       algorithm.

      Both devices use a consumer grade electronic device (smartwatch). Therefore all
      necessary non-clinical testing was performed on the platform (hardware) as aligned with
       the predicate device.

       This testing included testing to the following standards:
               -   Input  Signal  Quality  Testing  per IEC  60601-2-47:2012  Medical  Electrical
            Equipment – Ambulatory ECG Systems
               -   Applicable Radiofrequency and EMC requirements as listed below.
               -  Thermal and Electrical safety requirements under IEC 62368-1:2014
               -  ANSI/AAMI ES60601-1:2005/(R) 2012 and A1:2012, C1:2009/(R) 2012 and
             A2:2010/(R)2012 Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1: General Requirements
             For Basic Safety And Essential Performance,
               -  IEC  60601-1-2:2014  Medical  Electrical  Equipment  –  Part  1-2:  General
             Requirements For Basic Safety And Essential Performance – Collateral Standard:
              Electromagnetic Compatibility Requirements And Tests, and
               -  IEC 60601-1-11: Medical electrical equipment – Part 1-11: General requirements
                 for basic safety and essential performance - Collateral Standard: Requirements for
             medical electrical equipment and medical electrical systems used in the home
              healthcare environment.
               -  IEC 62304:2006/Amd 1:2015 - Medical device software
               -  AAMI/ANSI/IEC 62366-1  : Medical Devices – Part 1: Application of Usability
             Engineering to Medical Devices : 2015
               -  Human Factors evaluation was conducted per FDA guidance document “Applying
          Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices”
               -  ISO 14971  : Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical
             Devices
               -  AAMI TIR69:2017/(R2020) - Wireless coexistence
               -  ANSI IEEE C63.27-2017 - Wireless coexistence
               -  FCC testing per part 15

     Human Factors Testing

     Human Factors  Validation  testing was performed on  the Withings ECG App  to
      demonstrate the device is safe and effective for the intended users, uses and use
       environments. Testing was conducted per FDA guidance, “Applying Human Factors and
        Usability Engineering to Medical Devices”.

      The study included simulated use scenarios and knowledge task questions. During the
       interview process, objective and subjective data was collected to help determine potential


                                                               Page 7 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


       root causes of any use errors and difficulties related to the user interface. Participants
      were not given any formal training prior to using the Withings ECG App beyond the
       information provided in the Withings ECG App App tutorial and labeling.

       Overall users were able to understand how to navigate and use the Withings ECG App,
      and were able to correctly interpret self-select whether using the app was appropriate for
      them and review the results and understand when it is appropriate to seek medical help.
      Users demonstrated a good level of understanding on the usage of the product.

        Additionally, a separate self-selection study was conducted with non-intended users from
       the general public. Participants were given device labeling and tutorials to determine  if
       they were an intended or non-intended user of the device. The study included simulated
      use scenarios and knowledge task questions. Participants were able to successfully selfselect if they are an intended user of the Withings ECG App.

     ML algorithm training and testing

      The user datasets (Deep Train and Heartbeats) were used to run 4-Fold cross validations
      and act as train and test sets for hyperparameters tuning. Demographic information is
      summarized in Table 3.


                                      “Deep train” (n=11701)         “Heartbeats” (n=5089)

      Geography                         European Union                United States

      Race and Ethnicity                   Not captured*                Not captured*

       Sex                           73% male, 27% female        76% male, 24% female

     Mean age (std)                         59.2 (16.3) years                51.3 (14.5) years

     Mean BMI (std)                        27.3 (4.8)                       28.3 (5.6)


       Table 3: Demographic datasets used for training and testing of the ML algorithm.

       * Due to GDPR regulations, servers are in Europe do not the right to hold users’ race and ethnicity data


      Three of the clinical study datasets (HWA08 test, HWA08 CE, WEFA HWA09 part 1) were
      used as a first layer of validation sets to verify that the models trained were capable of
        generalizing. A fourth dataset, WEFA HWA09 part 2, was used as a second layer of
        validation after the software freeze (“locked algorithm”) to verify that the hyperparameters
       tuning were not overfit. Table 4 summarizes the demographic information of the 4
       datasets.


                                                               Page 8 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


                    HWA08 test      HWA08 CE       WEFA HWA09 part 1    WEFA HWA09 part 2
                              (n=131)           (n=137)                 (n=162)                  (n=100)

 Age                                     66.6 (13.5)             69.6 (13.6)               65.2 (16.4)

 Gender                           M: 59%, F: 41%       M: 64%, F: 36%         M: 56%, F: 44%

 Demographics
                     Asian                                       included in Other
           African American              Not available        9%
                Caucasian                              78%
                   Other      Not                      13%
                                Available
 BMI                                     27.8 (5.9)              28.0 (6.1)                26.7 (4.7)

 Hypertension                      43%               49%                56%

 Dyslipidemia                      21%               35%                33%

 Overweight or obesity                55%               43%                41%

 Diabetes                         22%               22%                21%

 VHD                                 9.5%              22%                10%

 CAD                                 9.5%              23%                34%

 HF                                  17.5%            2%                 22%

 MI, ischemic cardiopathy                7.3%             5%                 23%

 TIA or stroke                          9.5%             4%                6%

 POAD or AAA                                                       -         4%                 16%

       Table 4: Demographic information of the datasets used for the pre-clinical validation of
       the ML algorithm.


       Clinical Testing

      The Withings ECG App’s ability to accurately classify an ECG recording into AFib and
       sinus rhythm was extensively tested in a pivotal, prospective, multi-center clinical trial of
       approximately 626 subjects - 219 were enrolled in the Atrial Fibrillation cohort, 369 were
       enrolled in the normal sinus rhythm cohort, 33 had other arrhythmias, and 5 were
        uninterpretable. The mean age of enrolled subjects was 64. Rhythm classification of a 12-
       lead ECG by a cardiologist was compared to the rhythm classification of a simultaneously
       collected ECG from the Withings ECG App. The Withings ECG App demonstrated 99.7%
        sensitivity in classifying AFib (HR 50-150 bpm) and 99.8% specificity in classifying sinus
      rhythm (HR 50-150 bpm) in classifiable recordings.

      Subgroup analysis indicated sensitivity ranged from 99.0% - 100% across all age groups,
      and specificity ranged from 98.2%  - 100%. Specificity and sensitivity estimates were


                                                               Page 9 of 10

K240795 - Withings ECG App


        similar for females (100% and 99.6% respectively) and for males (99.5% and 100%
        respectively).

        In addition, the morphology of the waveform was also tested in this clinical trial by visual
      assessment of the PQRST wave and R wave amplitude in comparison to a reference. The
       Withings ECG App produced visually acceptable PQRST waveforms with agreements on
       the visibilities of the waves as compared to a 12-lead reference ECG ranging from 95.3%
        for the P-waves to 100% for the QRS complexes and for the for T-waves, and agreements
      on the polarities ranging from 99.6% for T-waves to 100% for P-waves.


    9. Conclusion
       Withings ECG App (subject device) and ECG 2.0 App (predicate device) have the same
       intended use. Both devices are electrocardiograph software only devices for OTC (Overthe-counter) use that creates, analyzes, and displays electrocardiograph data, and can
       provide information for identifying cardiac arrhythmias.
      The technological characteristics of the subject device and the predicate device are
        similar. Both are software only devices including an Afib detection algorithm. Both devices
      have the same principle of operation and mechanism of action. Both devices are
       compatible with a consumer grade electronic device (smartwatch). Non clinical testing and
         clinical testing demonstrate  that the subject and predicate device have equivalent
      performance to determine the presence of atrial fibrillation (AFib), sinus rhythm, and high
       heart rate (no detected AF with heart rate 100-150 bpm) on a classifiable waveform.


       Therefore, the subject device  is as safe and effective as the predicate device and
        substantially equivalent.


                                                              Page 10 of 10