August 5, 2024
Exo Imaging
Jacqueline Murray
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
4201 Burton Drive
Santa Clara, California 95054


Re: K240953
    Trade/Device Name: AI Platform 2.0 (AIP002)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: July 2, 2024
    Received: July 3, 2024

Dear Jacqueline Murray:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240953 - Jacqueline Murray                                                          Page  2


or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K240953 - Jacqueline Murray                                                          Page  3


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No, 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K240953
Device Name
AI Platform 2.0 (AIP002)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Al Platform 2.0 is intended for noninvasive processing of ultrasound images to detect, measure,
and calculate relevant medical parameters of structures and function of patients with suspected
disease. In addition, it can provide Quality Score feedback to assist healthcare professionals,
trained and qualified to conduct echocardiography and lung ultrasound scans in the current
standard of care while acquiring ultrasound images. The device is intended to be used on images
of adult patients.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) L] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/23) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


                                    K240953
                 510(k) Summary

General Information

510(k) Sponsor           Exo Imaging
Address                 4201 Burton Drive
                          Santa Clara, CA 95054
Correspondence Person    Jacqueline Murray

Contact Information        jmurray@exo.inc
                                  Cell: +1 236 838-5056
Date Prepared                April 08, 2024


Proposed Device

Proprietary Name           AI Platform 2.0 (AIP002)
Common Name             AI Platform 2.0
Classification Name       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH
Regulatory Class                    II


Predicate Device

Proprietary Name          LVivo IQS
Premarket Notification     K222970
Classification Name       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH
Regulatory Class                    II


Reference Device 1

Proprietary Name          Caption Guidance
Premarket Notification    DEN190040
Classification Name       Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guided by Artificial
                                Intelligence
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2100


                                                                  Page 1 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


     Product Code          QJU
     Regulatory Class                    II


     Reference Device 2

      Proprietary Name           AI Platform
     Premarket Notification     K232501
      Classification Name       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
     Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
     Product Code            QIH
     Regulatory Class                    II


  Device Description

      Exo AI Platform 2.0 (AIP 2.0) is a software as a medical device (SaMD) that helps qualified users
        with image-based assessment of ultrasound examinations in adult patients.  It is designed to
        simplify workflow by helping trained healthcare providers evaluate, quantify, and generate reports
         for ultrasound images. AIP 2.0 takes as an input in the Digital Imaging and Communications in
       Medicine (DICOM) format from ultrasound scanners of a specific range and allows users to detect,
       measure, and calculate relevant medical parameters of structures and function of patients with
       suspected disease. In addition,  it provides frame and clip quality score in real-time for the Left
        Ventricle from the four-chamber apical and parasternal long axis views of the heart and lung scans.
         In addition, the AI modules are provided as a software component to be integrated by another
       computer programmer into their legally marketed ultrasound imaging device. Essentially, the
        Algorithm and API, which are modules, are medical device accessories.

Key features of the software are

    ●  Lung AI: An AI-assisted tool for suggesting the presence of lung structures and artifacts on
          ultrasound images, namely A-lines and B-lines. Additionally, a per-frame and per-clip quality
         score is generated for each lung scan.
    ●  Cardiac AI: An AI-assisted tool for the quantification of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF),
        Myocardium  wall thickness  (Interventricular Septum (IVSd), Posterior wall (PWd)), and IVC
         diameter on cardiac ultrasound images. Additionally, a per-frame and per-clip quality score is
         generated for each Apical and PLAX cardiac scan.


                                                                       Page 2 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


Warning:

It's important to note that patient management decisions should not be made solely on the AI Platform
2.0 analysis results. Users are fully responsible for ensuring scan quality and making diagnoses. Images
obtained through the use  of Quality AI should be interpreted exclusively by  certified healthcare
professionals. It is also imperative that a qualified healthcare professional reviews the data, ensuring its
adequacy and appropriateness for the intended diagnosis or management.


Indications for Use

      AI Platform 2.0 is intended for noninvasive processing of ultrasound images to detect, measure,
     and calculate relevant medical parameters of structures and function of patients with suspected
      disease. In addition,  it can provide Quality Score feedback to assist healthcare professionals,
      trained and qualified to conduct echocardiography and lung ultrasound scans in the current
     standard of care while acquiring ultrasound images. The device is intended to be used on images
      of adult patients.


 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device


                                                    Reference Device  Reference Device
                                     Predicate Device:
    Feature/       Subject Device                                     1:                     2:
                                        LVivo IQS
   Function     Exo AI Platform 2.0                    Caption Guidance      AI Platform
                                       (K222970)
                                                     (DEN190040)         (K232501)

 Scan type       Single and         Same as subject   Same as subject    Same as subject
                 Multi-frame           device             device              device
                 ultrasound images

 Principle of      Ultrasound image    Same as subject   Same as subject    Same as subject
 Operation and   processing software   device             device              device
 Technology     implementing
                       artificial intelligence,
                  including
                non-adaptive
               machine learning
                 algorithms trained
                 with clinical data
                intended for
                 non-invasive analysis
                  of ultrasound data


                                                                     Page 3 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


                                                   Reference Device  Reference Device
                                    Predicate Device:
   Feature/       Subject Device                                     1:                     2:
                                        LVivo IQS
   Function     Exo AI Platform 2.0                    Caption Guidance      AI Platform
                                       (K222970)
                                                     (DEN190040)         (K232501)

AI Algorithm    Deep Convolutional  Same as subject   Same as subject    Same as subject
                Neural Networks for   device             device              device
               Segmentation,
              Landmark Detection
              and Classification

Anatomical      Heart, Lungs          Heart, Bladder      Heart                 Heart, Lungs
Sites

Cardiac       LVEF                LVEF, GLS       No               LVEF
Measurements
               IVC Minimum       RV size and
                diameter on           function: Fractional
                  inspiration and       Area Change
            Maximum diameter    (FAC), Free Wall
              on expiration          Strain (FWS),
                                        Tricuspid annular
              Myocardium wall      plane systolic
                thickness             excursion (TAPSE)
                   (Interventricular
             Septum and
                 Posterior wall) from
                Plax view

Non Cardiac AI  Absence/presence of  Bladder Volume   No                Absence / presence
modules         A-lines                                                             of A-lines

                 B-lines count                                                     B-lines count

Real time       Yes              Same as subject   Same as subject    No
feedback on                          device             device
quality

Retrospectively  Yes             No            Same as subject    No
recording of                                           Device
Diagnostic
quality clip


                                                                     Page 4 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


                                                    Reference Device  Reference Device
                                     Predicate Device:
    Feature/       Subject Device                                     1:                     2:
                                        LVivo IQS
   Function     Exo AI Platform 2.0                    Caption Guidance      AI Platform
                                       (K222970)
                                                     (DEN190040)         (K232501)

 AI modules are  Yes              Same as subject   Same as subject    No
 an accessory to                      device             device
 compatible
 general
 purpose
 diagnostic
 ultrasound
 systems


Performance Data

Safety and performance of the AI Platform 2.0 has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software  specifications and  applicable performance standards through software  verification and
validation testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance with IEC
62304:2006/AC:2015 - Medical device software – Software  life cycle processes, FDA’s ‘Content of
Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions’’ Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug
Administration Staff Document issued on June 14, 2023 and FDA Guidance (June 2022) “Technical
performance assessment of quantitative imaging in radiological device premarket submissions”.

Validation Performance Testing

The clinical performance of the AI Platform 2.0 was successfully evaluated on test data encompassing
diverse demographic  variables, including gender, age, and ethnicity from multiple  clinical sites in
metropolitan cities with diverse racial patient populations. The test data was entirely separated from the
training/tuning datasets and was not used for any part of the training/tuning. We also established
auditability measures, by assigning a unique identification number to each study and its corresponding
images.


The left ventricle Wall thickness AI and IVC AI were each evaluated on scans of 100 subjects, on images
acquired from cart-based and portable ultrasound devices. The ground truth for all measurements were
obtained as the average measurement of three experts. Performance was assessed by calculating Inter
class correlation (ICC) between the AI and the ground truth.

The performance of AI Platform 2.0 for wall thickness and IVC compared with reference data  is
summarized in Table 1 below:


                                                                     Page 5 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


  Table 1: Summary of AI Platform performance for left ventricle wall thickness and IVC measurement


                                     Measurement               ICC (95% CI)


                                             InterVentricular Septum (IVSd)          0.93 (0.89 – 0.96)
           LV Wall thickness
                                               Posterior Wall (PWd)               0.94 (0.89 – 0.97)


                                            IVC Dmin                    0.93 (0.90 – 0.95)
            Inferior vena cava (IVC)
                                            IVC Dmax                   0.94 (0.90 – 0.96)


The validation of Quality AI consists of validating on:

    a.  Data previously acquired from 184 patients from various ultrasound devices and various cardiac
        pathologies, compared to quality rating by experienced sonographers on each frame and the
         entire clip. Total of 226 clips (29,732 frames) were used in this test. The overall agreement
       between the Quality AI and quality rated by the experienced sonographers was ICC = 0.94 (95%
       CI .94 – .95) for frames and ICC = 0.94 (95% CI .92 – .95) for clips.
    b.  Data acquired after using the image and clip Quality AI in real time while scanning Lung, Apical 4
       chamber, and Parasternal Long Axis views of the heart. In total, 396 lung and cardiac scans were
      done by 26 users with a wide range of ultrasound experience in POC settings, including 18
       novice users who received two hours of training. 98.3% of the clips rated as ACEP quality of 3 or
       above by expert readers, also received at least “Minimum criteria met for diagnosis” image
         quality by Clip Quality AI. Additionally, 98.0% of scans that were considered as “Minimal criteria
      met for diagnosis” or “good” by Quality AI were also deemed diagnostic by experts (ACEP score
        of 3 or higher).

Predetermined Change Control Plan

A Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) is included with AI Platform 2.0. The PCCP specifies
anticipated software modifications, implementation methods and validation criteria that will be used to
implement the software modifications in a controlled manner and ensure the subject device remains as
safe and effective as the predicate.

The PCCP includes a specific list of anticipated software modifications which are summarized in the
table below, as well as a Modification protocol describing the verification and validation activities that
will support these planned modifications. The modification protocol incorporates impact assessment
considerations and  specifies requirements for data management, including data sources, collection,
storage, and sequestration, as well as documentation and data segregation/re-use practices.


                                                                     Page 6 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


Specific test methods are specified in the PCCP to establish substantial equivalence relative to AI
Platform 2.0, and include sample size determination, analysis methods, and acceptance criteria. Original
and additional validation data will be analyzed to ensure the datasets are representative of the intended
use population. To ensure validation test datasets are representative of the intended use population,
each will meet minimum demographic requirements.

A summary of these software modifications, test methods, necessary performance requirements, and
impact assessment, are presented in the table below:

 Modification     Rationale          Testing Methods       Impact Assessment
  (A) Modification  The AI models in   Substantial equivalence   Improved accuracy and/or efficiency metrics for
 to architecture,    AI Platform 2.0      in performance matrices   AI model performance.
 pre/post       may be modified   as compared to the AI
 processing         in a focused and   Platform 2.0.               Benefit-Risk Analysis:
                bound manner, to   Non-inferiority margins in   Benefit: Enhanced performance; Improved
                 improve accuracy,  alignment with FDA         efficiency and scalability.
                      efficiency, and     recommendations will be   Risk: Reduction in clinical performance
                     adaptability while  used to ensure the new
                   maintaining the    device remains safe and   Risk Mitigation:
                    safety and efficacy effective without any      The risks of overfitting and generalizability are
                    of the device.      such change compared    mitigated by conducting cross-validation, data
                                       with the original device    augmentation, and hyper parameter tuning in
                                and the last modified       internal training procedures.
                                       version of the device.     The final validation is performed using
                                                                         non-inferiority analysis according to the
                                                                 established clinical protocol to ensure baseline
                                                           performance is maintained and improvements
                                                                 are realized before modifications are committed
                                                      and released.
 (B) Introduction   The training        Substantial equivalence   Improved model generalizability for AI model
 of new training    dataset of the AI    in performance matrices   outputs displayed to users.
 data            models may be    as compared to the AI
                augmented with a  Platform 2.0.               Benefit-Risk Analysis:
                  broader and more  Non-inferiority margins in   Benefit: Improved model robustness, reduced
                   diverse range of    alignment with FDA         bias, enhanced generalizability, and responding
                  imaging data to    recommendations will be   to real world feedback.
                enhance model    used to ensure the new    Risk: Reduction in clinical performance
                   robustness,        device remains safe and
                 reduce bias,        effective without any      Risk Mitigation:
                 improve          such change compared   The risks of overfitting and generalizability are
                      generalizability,     with the original device    mitigated by conducting cross-validation, data
                and respond      and the last modified      augmentation, and hyper parameter tuning in
                      effectively to       version of the device        internal training procedures.
                    real-world                              The final validation is performed using
                  feedback.                                         non-inferiority analysis according to the
                                                                 established clinical protocol to ensure baseline


                                                                     Page 7 of 8

510(k) Summary- AI Platform 2.0


                                                           performance is maintained and improvements
                                                                 are realized before modifications are committed
                                                      and released.


The input and output data by the network will remain unchanged and model re-training will be conducted
manually, not automatically.
Exo shall communicate AI Platform 2.0 software changes, performance changes, and labeling changes
to end-users via customer and software update notifications.

The benefits and risks of each of the above modifications, independently and combined, including risks
of social harm have been assessed, and the overall collective impact of implementing modifications
remains low.
The activities proposed within the Modification Protocol will continue to reasonably ensure the safety
and effectiveness of the device, and  all modifications will maintain the AI Platform device within its
stated intended use and indications for use.

Conclusions

Exo’s  AI  Platform  is  substantially  equivalent  in  intended  use,  design,  principles  of  operation,
technological  characteristics, and safety features to the predicate device. There are no different
questions of safety and/or effectiveness introduced by the AI Platform when used as intended.

The  clinical performance of the AI Platform 2.0 product was successfully evaluated on test data
encompassing diverse demographic variables, including gender, age and ethnicity from multiple clinical
sites in metropolitan cities with diverse racial patient populations.

The A-Line, B-line and LVEF algorithms did not change during the development of the AI Platform 2.0
product and remain as per the cleared algorithms in K232501.

The activities proposed within the Modification Protocol will continue to reasonably ensure the safety
and effectiveness of the product, and all modifications will maintain the AI Platform device within its
stated intended use and indications for use.


                                                                     Page 8 of 8