Disior Ltd
℅ Haylie Fast
Manager of Regulatory Affairs
Paragon 28, Inc.
14445 Grasslands Dr.
Englewood, Colorado 80134
                                                                               July 2, 2024Re: K240736
    Trade/Device Name: SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 18, 2024
    Received: June 3, 2024

Dear Haylie Fast:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240736 - Haylie Fast                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K240736                                                           I
Device Name
 SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray software  is to be used by orthopaedic healthcare professionals for
 diagnosis and surgical planning in a hospital or clinic environment. The medical imaging type
 intended to be used as the input of the software is X-ray.

 The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray software provides:

 * Visualization report of the three-dimensional mathematical models of the anatomical structures of
 the foot and ankle and three-dimensional models of orthopaedic fixation devices,
 * Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and ankle,
 * Surgical planning application for visualization of foot and ankle anatomical three-dimensional
 structures, radiographic measures, and surgical instrument parameters.

 The visualization report containing the measurements can be used for the diagnosis of orthopaedic
 healthcare conditions. The surgical planning application containing the visualizations of the
 measurements in the context ofthree-dimensional structural models, orthopaedic fixation device
 models and surgical instrument parameters can be used for the planning of treatments and
 operations to correct orthopaedic healthcare conditions of foot and ankle.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K240736


510(K) SUMMARY
510(k) Number:         K240736

Manufacturer:            Disior Ltd
                 HTC Helsinki, Building Pinta, Tammasaarenkatu 3
                           Helsinki Uusimaa, FL, 00180, Finland
Contact:               Aarno Jussila
                           Director of Enabling Technology
                         Phone: +358 40 6734939
                          Email: AJussila@paragon28.com
Prepared By:             Haylie Fast
                      Manager of Regulatory Affairs
                        Paragon 28, Inc.
                       14445 Grasslands Dr.,
                        Englewood, CO, 80112
                         Phone: 720-994-5489
Date Prepared:         March 31, 2024
Device Trade Name:    SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-RAY
Device   Class   and    Class II, Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Common Name:
Classification:           21 CFR 892.2050: Medical image management and processing
                         system
Product Codes:        QIH
Indications for Use:    SMART  Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray  software  is  to  be  used  by
                           orthopaedic healthcare professionals for diagnosis and surgical
                          planning in a hospital or clinic environment. The medical imaging
                          type intended to be used as the input of the software is X-ray.
                      The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray software provides:
                          •   Visualization report of the three-dimensional mathematical
                            models of the anatomical structures of the foot and ankle and
                                three-dimensional models of orthopaedic fixation devices,
                          •  Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of
                                  foot and ankle,
                          •   Surgical planning application for visualization of foot and
                               ankle anatomical three-dimensional structures, radiographic
                               measures, and surgical instrument parameters.
                      The visualization report containing the measurements can be used
                             for the diagnosis of orthopaedic healthcare conditions. The surgical
                          planning  application  containing  the   visualizations  of  the
                        measurements in the context of three-dimensional structural models,
                           orthopaedic  fixation  device  models  and  surgical  instrument

parameters can be used for the planning of treatments and operations
                             to correct orthopaedic healthcare conditions of foot and ankle.

Device Description:      The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray device is a software tool that
                            takes x-rays of the foot and produces 3D axes on contextual bone
                        models to help a user plan for hallux valgus correction. The final
                           output of the device is a case report that provides images of the
                              patient’s axes, as well as measurements prior to correction and
                          following a surgical correction selected by the user.
                      The device uses machine learning derived outputs. Details on the
                             validation are summarized below. The testing of the algorithm
                          included 97 images that were a combination of plain-film native xray images and Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT)
                             Digitally Reconstructed Radiographs (DRR) from CT images series.
                        Study Subjects
                      The AI algorithm for bone identification was developed using
                         1,5776  x-ray and CBCT DRR and  metal  identification was
                         developed using 15 x-ray and CBCT DRR. Testing was carried out
                          using 97 x-ray and DRR. Out of 97 image studies, 42 were from
                            individual patients with some studies from same  patient with
                              different foot alignment or laterality. The x-ray and CBCT DRR
                       were collected from various  sites across USA, Germany, UK,
                            Finland, and Korea. The x-ray and CBCT DRR were collected from
                             patients with different ages and racial groups, with minimum of 5%
                         male/female within each dataset, with mean age approximately 35
                             years, and representatives from White (Non-)Hispanic, Hispanic,
                        and Native American racial groups. Each dataset was balanced in
                          terms of subjects with different foot alignment, demographics,
                        imaging devices and with subjects from clinical subgroups ranging
                       from control/normal feet to pre-/post-operative clinical conditions
                         such as Hallux Valgus, and undefined indications.
                        Imaging Systems
                      The 97-image x-ray and DRR test set was collected from five (5)
                              different systems from five (5) different manufacturers. This set of
                             five (5) imaging systems contained three (3) x-ray and two CBCT
                 DRR machines. From the total test data 31% of the images were
                            collected from a Siemens – Aristos and Ysio X-Pree X-ray system,
                   13% were collected from an iRAy Gamma X-ray system 1% were
                            collected from a Swissray Medical AG ddR Element System X-ray
                          system, 53% were  collected from a Carestream OnSight 3D
                          Extremity Scanner CBCT DRR, and 2% were collected from a
                     CurveBeam PedCAT CBCT DRR.
                      Ground Truth
                      The ground truth for the testing data was established by 2 (2)
                              clinicians  with  over  five  (5)  years  of  experience  practicing
                          medicine. Each clinician was given the same image data to review

dorsoplantar and lateral x-ray images. Each clinician then marks on
                          a spreadsheet the presence of the bone in the image.
                            Training, Tuning, and Validation Data Independence
                      The SMART Bun-Yo-Matic  X-ray  software machine  learning
                          algorithm  training and  tuning  data used  during  the  algorithm
                         development, as well as test data used in the standalone software
                         performance assessment study, were all independent data sets. Each
                           x-ray or CBCT DRR was allowed to be allocated to only data set.
Predicate:               Bonelogic (K223757)
Substantial             The Indications for Use of the subject device and the predicate
Equivalence:             device are similar. Both devices are intended to take medical
                        imaging as an input and provide measurements from 3D structures
                             to assist in surgical planning. The predicate device does this through
                            the 3D model, and the subject device shows axes of patient anatomy
                             in the context of a generic bone model through a series of images.
                      The  subject and  predicate devices have  similar  technological
                               characteristics. The primary differences are the images needed as
                            the input, the output of the software, the user interface and the items
                          provided in the presurgical planning capabilities. In support of the
                          claim of substantial equivalence the comparison between the subject
                        and predicate systems, performance  testing has been done  to
                          demonstrate that the differences do not introduce new questions of
                             safety and effectiveness.
                                                  Subject Device        Primary Predicate Device
                           Manufacturer          Disior Ltd                   Disior Ltd
                          Trade Name   SMART Bun-Yo-Matic                                                                               Bonelogic                                            X-Ray
                             510(k)          Subject Device           K223757
                            Input           Weight-bearing plain film   Computed tomography
                                        X-Rays from sagittal and   DICOM Computed
                                                   transverse views           tomography
                          Output        Automated case report of   3D model of patient anatomy,
                                                  the 3D axes of patient       automated case report
                                            anatomy, surgical
                                                instrument parameters, and
                                                    visualization of implant
                          Measuring     Perform measurements for   Perform measurements for
                         and Planning    presurgical planning          presurgical planning
                           User            Graphical user interface      Graphical user interface
                               Interface       (GUI) to a web application   (GUI) that is standalone
                                             used with a standard web     application based.
                                               browser.
Performance Testing:     All necessary testing has been performed on the SMART Bun-YoMatic X-ray device to assure substantial equivalence to its predicate
                        and demonstrate the subject device performs as intended.
                         Software Verification and Validation
                         Software verification and validation were carried out based on the
                        “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software

Contained in Medical Devices”, at the unit, integration, and system
                             levels to determine substantial equivalence to the predicate device.
                         For image  analytics,  the  subject device meets  the  predicates
                            established acceptance criteria of 95% model conformance within
                    1.0mm distance  to reference model and 2.0 degrees standard
                            deviation for angular measurements. Surgery planning executes
                         mathematical operations for estimated correction ±1 degree for
                           angular measurements and ±1.0 mm for distance measurements.
                         Performance Testing
                         Performance testing was conducted. Testing included the following:
                            •  AI/ML Testing.
                            •  Comparison of the 2D-3D construction to manual
                              measurements as well as ground truth.
                            •  Comparison of the clinical acceptability of axes placement.
                            •  Comparison of the planned surgical correction to the actual
                                     surgical correction.
                           Results showed the subject device performed as intended.
                             Clinical data are not needed to support the safety and effectiveness
                           of the subject device.
Conclusions:           The SMART  Bun-Yo-Matic  X-Ray  device  subject  to  this
                         submission  possesses  similar  intended  use  and  has  similar
                            technological characteristics as the predicate device, where the
                            differences are shown through performance testing to not raise
                           questions of safety and effectiveness. All performance  testing
                         conducted for the SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray device met the
                          predetermined acceptance criteria or were otherwise considered
                            acceptable. As such, the SMART Bun-Yo-Matic X-Ray device is
                             substantially equivalent to the predicate device for the intended use.