Techsomed
Dalia Dickman
Head of Regulatory Affairs
Meir Weisgal 2
REHOVOT, 7654055
ISRAEL
                                                                          April 15, 2024
Re: K240773
    Trade/Device Name: VisAble.IO
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QTZ, QIH, LLZ
    Dated: March 20, 2024
    Received: March 21, 2024

Dear Dalia Dickman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240773 - Dalia Dickman                                                             Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K240773

Device Name
VisAble.IO


Indications for Use (Describe)
VisAble.IO is a Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance (MR) image processing software package
available for use with liver ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is controlled by the user via a user interface.

VisAble.IO imports images from CT and MR scanners and facility PACS systems for display and processing during liver
ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in planning ablation procedures, including identifying ablation targets and virtual
ablation needle placement. VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in confirming ablation zones.

The software is not intended for diagnosis. The software is not intended to predict ablation volumes or predict ablation
success.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K240773

                                  510(K) SUMMARY

                           TechsoMed’s VisAble.IO

Submitter

TechsoMed Medical Technologies. LTD.

Meir Weisgal 2 Rehovot Israel

Phone: +972545595951


Contact Person: Dalia Dickman, PhD.

Date Prepared: March 19, 2024


Name of Device: VisAble.IO

Common or Usual Name: VisAble.IO

Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21 CFR 892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QTZ, QIH, LLZ


Predicate Devices

        510(K) Number           K223639
        Trade Name                 VisAble.IO
        Manufacturer             TechsoMed Medical Technologies. LTD.
        Device Name                VisAble.IO
        Regulation Number          892.2050
        Regulation Name            Medical Image Management and Processing System
        Regulatory Class            Class II
        Primary Product Code       QTZ, QIH, LLZ


Device Description

VisAble.IO is a stand-alone software application with tools and features designed to assist users
in planning ablation procedures as well as tools for treatment confirmation. The use environment
for VisAble.IO  is the Operating Room and the  hospital healthcare environment such as
interventional radiology control room.

VisAble.IO has five distinct workflow steps:

          •   Data Import
          •   Anatomic Structures Segmentation (Liver, Hepatic Vein, Portal Vein, Ablation Target)
          •   Instrument Placement (Needle Planning)
          •   Ablation Zone Segmentation

•   Treatment Confirmation (Registration of Pre- and Post-Interventional Images;
            Quantitative Analysis)

Of these workflow steps, two (Anatomic Segmentation, and Instrument Placement) make use of
the planning image. These workflow steps contain features and tools designed to support the
planning of ablation procedures. The other two (Ablation Zone Segmentation, and Treatment
Confirmation) make use of the confirmation image volume. These workflow steps contain features
and tools designed to support the evaluation of the ablation procedure’s technical performance in
the confirmation image volume.

Key features of the VisAble.IO Software include:

          •   Workflow steps availability
          •  Manual and automated tools for anatomic structures and ablation zone segmentation
          •   Overlaying and positioning virtual instruments (ablation needles) and user-selected
           estimates of the ablation regions onto the medical images
          •  Image fusion and registration
          •  Compute achieved margins and missed volumes to help the user assess the
          coverage of the ablation target by the ablation zone
          •   Data saving and secondary capture generation

The software components provide functions for performing operations related to image display,
manipulation, analysis, and quantification, including features designed to facilitate segmentation
of the ablation target and ablation zones.

The software system runs on a dedicated computer and is intended for display and processing, of
a Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance (MR), including contrast enhanced
images.

The system can be used on patient data for any patient demographic chosen to undergo the
ablation treatment.

VisAble.IO uses several algorithms to perform operations to present information to the user in
order for them to evaluate the planned and post ablation zones. These include:

          •   Segmentation
          •  Image Registration
          •  Measurement and Quantification

VisAble.IO is intended to be used for ablations with the following ablation instruments:

For needle planning, the software currently supports the following needle models:

      -   Medtronic: Emprint Antenna 15CM, 20CM, 30CM
      -  NeuWave Medical: PR Probe 15CM, 20CM; PR XT Probe 15CM, 20CM; LK Probe
      15CM, 20CM; LK XT Probe 15CM, 20CM
      -   H.S. Hospital Service: AMICA Probe 15 CM, 20 CM, 27 CM.

For treatment confirmation (including segmentation and registration), the software is compatible
with all ablation devices as these functions are independent from probes/power settings.


Intended Use / Indications for Use

VisAble.IO is a Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance (MR) image processing
software package available for use with liver ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is controlled by the user via a user interface.

VisAble.IO imports images from CT and MR scanners and facility PACS systems for display and
processing during liver ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in planning ablation procedures, including identifying
ablation targets and virtual ablation needle placement. VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in
confirming ablation zones.

The software is not intended for diagnosis. The software is not intended to predict ablation volumes
or predict ablation success.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

Both the subject and predicate device are stand-alone software application with tools and features
designed to assist users in planning liver ablation procedures as well as tools for treatment
confirmation. The use environment for both the subject and predicate device is the Operating
Room and the hospital healthcare environment such as interventional radiology control room.

The software components of the subject and predicate device provide functions for performing
operations related to image display, manipulation, analysis, and quantification, including features
designed to facilitate segmentation of the ablation target and ablation zones.

Both the subject and predicate device have the same five distinct workflow steps:
    •  Data Import
    •  Anatomic Structures Segmentation
    •   Instrument Placement (Needle Planning)
    •   Ablation Zone Segmentation
    •  Treatment Confirmation (Registration of Pre- and Post-Interventional Images; Quantitative
        Analysis)

The following technological differences exist between the subject and the predicate device:

The primary difference between devices is that, while the predicate device supports image
processing of CT only, the subject device supports image processing  of both Computed
Tomography (CT) as well as Magnetic Resonance (MR). These differences do not raise additional
concerns of safety or effectiveness as performance data demonstrates that the VisAble.IO is as
safe and effective as the predicate device.
A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                     SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON TABLE


                                   Subject Device               Predicate Device

                                  VisAble.IO (Ver 1.4)            VisAble.IO (Ver 1.0)

 510(k) number                                       K223639

 Classification               Class II 892.2050 QTZ, QIH,    Class II 892.2050 QTZ, QIH,
                         LLZ                       LLZ

 Intended Use             The intended patient          The intended patient population
                                population is patients chosen     is patients chosen by
                            by interventional radiologists to   interventional radiologists to

undergo ablation treatment      undergo ablation treatment
                                 (including patients with soft       (including patients with soft
                                tissue lesions)                   tissue lesions)

Indications for Use           VisAble.IO   is  a  Computed  VisAble.IO    is  a  Computed
                         Tomography    (CT)    and  Tomography    (CT)    image
                            Magnetic  Resonance  (MR)  processing  software  package
                          image   processing   software  available   for  use  with   liver
                          package available for use with  ablation procedures.
                                      liver ablation procedures.
                                                             VisAble.IO  is controlled by the
                              VisAble.IO is controlled by the  user via a user interface.
                             user via a user interface.
                                                             VisAble.IO  is controlled by the
                              VisAble.IO   imports  images  user via a user interface.
                            from CT and MR scanners and
                                        facility  PACS  systems   for  VisAble.IO imports images from
                                display and processing during  CT and MR scanners and facility
                                      liver ablation procedures.     PACS systems for display and
                                                            processing during liver ablation
                              VisAble.IO  is used  to  assist  procedures.
                              physicians in planning ablation
                             procedures,          including  VisAble.IO  is  used  to  assist
                                  identifying ablation targets and   physicians in planning ablation
                                     virtual     ablation     needle  procedures, including identifying
                             placement. VisAble.IO is used  ablation targets and
                                  to    assist    physicians    in   virtual      ablation     needle
                              confirming ablation zones.       placement. VisAble.IO is used to
                                                                    assist physicians  in confirming
                        The software is not intended     ablation zones.
                                    for diagnosis. The software is
                              not intended to predict ablation  The software is not intended for
                                                                diagnosis. The software  is not                          volumes or predict ablation
                                                            intended   to   predict   ablation                             success.
                                                      volumes   or   predict   ablation
                                                           success.
User Population               Qualified trained physicians      Qualified trained physicians

Where used              The      application’s     use  The       application’s     use
                            environment  is the Operation  environment  is  the  Operation
                     Room   and   the    hospital  Room   and    the    hospital
                              healthcare  environment such  healthcare environment such as
                          as   interventional   radiology  interventional  radiology  control
                                 control room                room
Energy Used             None   –    software    only  None – software only application.
                                 application.   The   software  The software  application does
                                application does not deliver or  not deliver or depend on energy
                         depend on energy delivered to  delivered to or from patients
                               or from patients
Technological               VisAble.IO  is  a  stand-alone  VisAble.IO   is  a  stand-alone
Characteristics              software application with tools  software  application  with  tools
                         and features designed to assist  and features designed to assist
                             users in planning liver ablation  users in planning liver ablation
                            procedures as well as tools for  procedures as well as tools for
                              treatment  confirmation.  The  treatment confirmation. The use
                          use environment the device is  environment the device  is the
                              the Operating Room and the  Operating Room and the hospital

hospital            healthcare  healthcare environment such as
                            environment     such     as  interventional  radiology  control
                                 interventional radiology control  room. VisAble.IO has five distinct
                           room.  VisAble.IO  has   five  workflow steps:
                                    distinct workflow steps:
                                                                                       •   Data Import
                                             •   Data Import                      •   Anatomic Structures
                                             •   Anatomic Structures           Segmentation
                                  Segmentation                    •   Instrument Placement
                                             •   Instrument Placement          (Needle Planning)
                                   (Needle Planning)               •   Ablation Zone
                                             •   Ablation Zone                 Segmentation
                                  Segmentation                    •   Treatment Confirmation
                                             •   Treatment                        (Registration of Pre- and
                                     Confirmation                     Post-Interventional
                                        (Registration of Pre-            Images; Quantitative
                               and Post-Interventional          Analysis)
                                  Images; Quantitative
                                       Analysis)


Design: Supported         CT, MR                 CT
modalities

Design: Data Visualization   Window and level, pan, zoom,   Window and level, pan, zoom,
                               cross- hairs, slice navigation     cross- hairs, slice navigation

Design; Image               Tools for segmenting 3D VOIs,  Tools for segmenting 3D VOIs,
Segmentation                 including target tissues,          including target tissues, ablation
                                ablation zones, vessels and     zones, vessels and liver.
                                        liver.

Design: Image registration   Registration of multiple images   Registration of multiple images
                         and imaging modalities into a   and imaging modalities into a
                                single view.                      single view.

Design: Ablation zone        Registration of the planning      Registration of the planning
confirmation                 scan, containing the identified   scan, containing the identified
                                 target tissue, with the             target tissue, with the
                               confirmation scan showing the   confirmation scan showing the
                                ablation zone. The delineated    ablation zone. The delineated
                                 target tissue on the planning     target tissue on the planning
                          scan is then projected onto the  scan is then projected onto the
                               confirmation scan and overlaid   confirmation scan and overlaid
                             onto the delineated ablation     onto the delineated ablation
                          zone segmentation. This helps  zone segmentation. This helps
                              the user in analysing if the       the user in analysing if the
                                ablation zone covers the target   ablation zone covers the target
                                tissue with the desired amount   tissue with the desired amount
                                 of margin.                         of margin.

Performance Data


VisAble.IO is validated and verified against its user needs and intended use by the successful
execution of planned performance, functional and algorithmic testing included in this submission.

The results of performance, functional and algorithmic testing demonstrate that VisAble.IO meets
the user needs and requirements of the device, which are considered to be substantially
equivalent to those of the listed predicate device.

Performance testing (Bench) was performed on the following features, to ensure that
performance and accuracy was as expected:


     •   Segmentation post-processing Testing

     •  Image Registration Testing

     •  Measurement and Quantification Testing

The liver segmentation and liver vessel segmentation algorithms for CT processing are AI
algorithms. The training and model validation dataset characteristics are as follows:

Liver Segmentation Algorithm:

     •   Patients
                 • 1091 contrast-enhanced CT images from arterial or venous phases in axial
              orientation
                 • Age distribution: 50.70 ± 24.14
                 • Sex distribution: 34.58% female, 65.42% male
                 • Location of clinical sites: Germany, France, Turkey, Japan, Israel, Netherlands,
      Canada, USA, UK
                 • Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading
                 • Number of clinical sites: 38
Liver Vessel Segmentation Algorithm:
     •   Patients
                 • N=393 contrast-enhanced CT images from the portal-venous or late venous
             phases in axial orientation
                 • Age distribution: 51.40 ± 22.81
                 • Sex distribution: 37.43% female, 62.57% male
                 • Location of clinical sites: Central Europe, North America, East Asia
                 • Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading
               in liver diagnosis
                 • Number of clinical sites: 36

The liver segmentation for MR processing is an AI algorithm. The training and model validation
dataset characteristics are as follows:
     •   Patients
                   •  418 MR images from arterial and venous phase
                   •  Age distribution: 64.30 ± 13.99
                   •  Sex distribution: 26.86% female, 73.14% male
                   •   Location of clinical sites: Central Europe
                   •   Imaging procedure: MR images taken for diagnostic reading
                   •  Number of clinical sites: 3

The following table provides a summary of the validation results:

 Algorithm       N    Gender   Mean  N   per  MR /CT Brand    Performance      Performance
                             Age    Region                   Goal

                                    CT Processing

         Liver        50    M: 52%   60.6     US: 32  GE      Medical  Mean DICE =0.92   Mean DICE =0.98
    Segmentation            F: 48%          OUS: 18   Systems,
                                                   Siemens

 Ablation    Target  59    M: 54%   60.0     US: 30   GE Medical     Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.82
 Segmentation              F: 46%          OUS: 29    Systems,
                                                      Siemens, Philips

 Ablation    Zone  59   M:64% F:   66.0     US: 30   GE Medical     Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.88
 Segmentation          36%            OUS: 29   Systems,
                                                   Siemens

 Liver     Vessels  100   M: 52%   58.5     US: 72   GE Medical     Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.72
 Segmentation              F: 48%          OUS: 28   Systems,
                                                   Siemens

                               MR Processing

 Liver             25   M:  76%  70.4    US: 25   GE      Medical  Mean DICE = 0.92  Mean DICE = 0.93
 Segmentation              F: 24%                     Systems, Philips,
                                                  Siemens

 Ablation    Target  50   M:  70%  69     US:  46  GE      Medical  Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.76
 Segmentation              F: 30%         OUS: 4    Systems, Philips,
                                                  Siemens

                                        Image Registration


 Pre-ablation CT to  46   M: 59%    63.3     US: 13   GE Medical     MCD*= 6.06 mm    MCD*=4.09 mm
 Post  Ablation CT         F: 41%          OUS: 33    Systems,
 Image Registration                                      Siemens,
                                                                   Philips

 Pre-ablation MR to  25   M:  56%  68.4    US: 25    MR: GE Medical  MCD* = 6.06 mm   MCD* = 4.72 mm
 Post-ablation  CT         F:  28%                     Systems, Philips,
 Image Registration         Other:                      Siemens
                   16%
                                                    CT: GE Medical
                                                      Systems, Philips,
                                                     Siemens,
                                                       Toshiba

Pre-ablation MR to  18   M:  83%  71.5    US:  14  MR: GE Medical  MCD* = 7.90 mm   MCD* = 5.10 mm
 Pre-ablation   CT         F: 17%         OUS: 4    Systems, Philips,
 Image Registration                                    Siemens,
                                                       Toshiba

                                                    CT: GE Medical
                                                      Systems, Philips,
                                                       Toshiba

*MCD = Mean Corresponding Distance

VisAble.IO  provides  functions  including  linear  distance  measurements  and  volumetric
measurements. The resolution of the medical image data directly affects the ability of the user to
make definitive measurements, especially when the sizes of structures to identify, segment or
measure are near the resolution of the image data. The software’s functions are dependent on the
user actions as well as on the available information in the provided medical image data.

Segmentation tools provided within VisAble.IO include manual and semiautomated segmentation,
and system post-processing of segmentations to remove 2D-holes and/or disconnected 3D
regions present. The use of the segmentation tools to achieve a satisfactory delineation of ablation
target or ablation zone is a user operation and the clinical accuracy of segmentation is the
responsibility of the user and not a VisAble.IO function.

Registration tools provided within VisAble.IO include automated local rigid registration within a
region of interest around user-segmentations of ablation targets and ablation zones. Final accuracy
of registration is dependent on user assessment and manual modification of the registration prior
to acceptance, and not a VisAble.IO function.

Measurements of the achieved margins and missed volumes, calculated by comparing the
segmentations, are presented by the system following user acceptance of segmentations and
registration as clinically accurate. Accuracy of linear distance measures calculated by VisAble.IO
are dependent on the image resolution.
Test planning was performed in accordance with standard testing procedures and guidelines as
listed in internal development processes.

Verification and validation testing were carried out as per planned arrangements in the Project Test
Plan and Phase Test Plan(s) to ensure that design outputs meet design inputs and that this edition
of VisAble.IO meets the product acceptance criteria. These are in accordance with the company's
Design Control process in compliance with 21 CFR Part 820.30, which included testing that fulfills
the requirements of FDA "Guidance on Software Contained in Medical Devices" and adherence to
the DICOM standard.

Potential risks were analyzed and satisfactorily mitigated in the device design.

Conclusions

The VisAble.IO (V1.4)  is as safe and effective as the cleared VisAble.IO (K223693). The
VisAble.IO has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the
intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In
addition, the minor technological differences between the VisAble.IO and its predicate device raise
no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the VisAble.IO (V
1.4) is as safe and effective as the cleared VisAble.IO (K223693). Thus, the VisAble.IO is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.