RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)                                                    April 4, 2025
Olympiada Lachana
QA/RA Specialist
Eugeniavagen 18C
Stockholm, 113 68
Sweden

Re: K240398
    Trade/Device Name: RayStation 2023B, RayPlan 2023B, RayStation 2024A, RayPlan 2024A,
                        RayStation 2024A SP3, RayPlan 2024A SP3
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: March 7, 2025
    Received: March 7, 2025

Dear Olympiada Lachana:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240398 - Olympiada Lachana                                                         Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K240398 - Olympiada Lachana                                                         Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K240398

Device Name
RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A, 2023B


Indications for Use (Describe)
RayStation is a software system for radiation therapy and medical oncology. Based on user input, RayStation proposes
treatment plans. After a proposed treatment plan is reviewed and approved by authorized intended users, RayStation may
also be used to administer treatments.

The system functionality can be configured based on user needs.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K240398

       510(K) SUMMARY (21 CFR § 807.92)

     I.    Contact Details
Applicant
RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)

Eugeniavägen 18C Stockholm 113 68 Sweden
+46 8 510 53000

Contact
Ms. Olympiada Lachana
quality@raysearchlabs.com

Preparation Date
4 April, 2025


     II.    Device
Device Trade Name
         Device Name                  Software Version number

         RayStation                2024A SP3

        RayPlan                  2024A SP3

         RayStation                2024A

        RayPlan                  2024A

         RayStation                2023B

        RayPlan                   2023B

Common Name
Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system

Classification Name
System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment

Regulation Number
892.5050

Product Code(s)
MUJ


                                                                                       Page 1 of 28

III.    Legally Marketed Predicate Device
Predicate #
K222312

Predicate Trade Name
RayStation 12A

Product Code
MUJ


   IV.   Device Description Summary
Explanation of how the device functions

RayStation is a software system for radiation therapy and medical oncology. Based on user input,
RayStation proposes treatment plans. After a proposed treatment plan is reviewed and approved by
authorized intended users, RayStation may also be used to administer treatments.

The system functionality can be configured based on user needs.

RayStation consists of multiple applications:

   •  The main RayStation application is used for treatment planning.
   •  The RayPhysics application is used for commissioning of treatment machines to make them
        available for treatment planning and used for commissioning of imaging systems.

The devices to be marketed, RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B, contain modified
features compared to last cleared version RayStation 12A including:

     -   Improved sliding window VMAT (Volumetric Modulated Arc Therapy) sequencing
     -   Higher dose grid resolution for proton PBS (Pencil Beam Scanning)
     -   Automated field in field planning
     -   LET optimization (Linear Energy Transfer)

Device design information

These applications are built on a software platform, containing the radiotherapy domain model and
providing GUI, optimization, dose calculation and storage services. The platform uses three Microsoft
SQL databases for persistent storage of the patient, machine and clinic settings data.

As a treatment planning system, RayStation aims to be an extensive software toolbox for generating
and evaluating various types of radiotherapy treatment plans. RayStation supports a wide variety of
radiotherapy treatment techniques and features an extensive range of tools for manual or semiautomatic treatment planning.

The RayStation application is divided in modules, which are activated through licensing. A simplified
license configuration of RayStation is marketed as RayPlan.


                                                                                       Page 2 of 28

Feature          Description                                           Present in RayPlan

3D visualization   Displays the patient geometry and structures in three     Yes
                 dimensions, with the possibility to rotate the patient
                 image. If available, the dose distribution and beam
                  modifiers are shown as well.

Adaptive        The process of replanning the treatment for a patient,    No
replanning       based on information about e.g. patient geometry,
                  biology and dose delivery acquired during treatment.

Beam           Modeling of the radiation beam using a limited set of      Yes
commissioning   measurements on the clinical beam for commissioning
                 treatment machines to make them available for
                 treatment planning.

Beam design      Definition of beam orientations, apertures and various     Yes
             beam modifiers in order to manually create a treatment
                   plan.

Beam set-up     Manual or automatic definition of isocenter, selection of   Yes
                 treatment unit from the set of commissioned treatment
                 machines, and specification of gantry/couch/collimator
                   angles.

Beam’s eye       Displays the beam’s eye view of the patient structures,    Yes
view             fluence and beam modifier settings for any beam.

Brachy planning   Tools for planning of HDR brachytherapy treatments.      Yes
                  Includes channel reconstruction and optimization and
                   editing of dwell times.

CyberKnife       CyberKnife planning is completely integrated in           Yes
planning          RayStation. This includes optimization of high quality
                 treatment plans collimated with MLC, fixed cones or iris
                  cones, as well as support for all CyberKnife Synchrony
                 techniques for target tracking and real time motion
                  synchronization.

Deformable       Establishing a point-to-point mapping between two      No
registration      images using a deformation model. Used for mapping of
                dose and structures between images.

DICOM RT        Export of images, structure set, plan, and dose according   Yes
export            to the DICOM RT standard.


                                                                                      Page 3 of 28

DICOM RT        Import of images, structure set, plan, and dose according  Yes
import           to the DICOM RT standard.

Dose calculation  For electron beams RayStation calculates dose by the      Yes
electrons       Monte Carlo technique. The electron beam phase space
                         is generated in run time by sampling from a phase space
               model where the electrons are created at the secondary
                   scattering foil. Electron transport towards the patient
               and energy transport and scoring in the patient is done
                  using the Monte Carlo algorithm.

Dose calculation  For photon beams RayStation calculates dose by the       Yes
photons          point kernel superposition method (a.k.a. Collapsed
                Cone) or a Monte Carlo algorithm for radiation transport
                   (8.1 onwards). The incident energy fluence is modeled as
                a superposition of a primary energy fluence and a scatter
                energy fluence. The dose contribution from
                 contamination electrons is calculated by a pencil beam
                  algorithm.

Dose calculation  For proton beams RayStation uses either the pencil      No
proton        beam algorithm with the Fermi-Eyges formalism, or a
              Monte Carlo algorithm for radiation transport (6.0
                 onwards). For passive beams the beam model accounts
                   for the collimator and compensator block. For scanning
              beams the beam model accounts for the spot phase
                 space including effects of air-scatter and beam paths
                through magnetic deflection elements. The user defined
                  block aperture is taken into account in spot selection and
                   optimization. In addition to this the relative biological
                   effect (RBE) of proton beams is taken into account,
                   resulting in a photon equivalent dose (8.1 onwards).

Dose calculation  For brachy plans RayStation calculates dose based on the  Yes
brachy         TG43 formalism.

Dose display      Displays the patient geometry with structures            Yes
(2D)            superimposed on the image data together with the dose
                   distribution in transversal, sagittal, and coronal
                    directions.


                                                                                      Page 4 of 28

Dose tracking    Dose tracking scenarios including deformable          No
                    registration of one CT or CBCT to another and
                subsequent deformation and accumulation of dose.

Eye planning      Tools for specifying a highly detailed geometrical model   No
                  of the eye based on measurements from ultrasound and
                   surgery. Support for positioning of tantalum clips. Import
               and visualization of fundus images. Creation and dose
                computation of proton plans with gaze angle based
                 treatment directions

Fallback         Automatic generation of fallback plans using alternative   No
planning         treatment machines and treatment techniques. Userdefined protocols specifies the setup of the fallback
                  plans which are automatically generated from the
                  protocols and optimized using dose mimicking functions.

Image           Conversion of CBCT images to synthetic CT images that   No
conversion       can be used for more accurate dose calculations.

Inverse planning  The user can define optimization settings such as           Yes, but not for
                  optimization tolerance and maximum number of        Wave Arc plans or
                    iterations as well as segmentation settings on the         proton planning.
                   multileaf collimator and the Pencil Beam Scanning spot
                   pattern. An interface for controlling the optimization
                 process is provided and the progress of optimization is
                  displayed in a view. The system generates control points
                   for step-and shoot MLC plans, Sliding Window plans
                (DMLC), rotational plans (VMAT), 3DCRT plans, Wave Arc
                   plans, TomoTherapy plans (6.1 onwards), proton, Pencil
             Beam Scanning plans, using the defined optimization
                 problem. The inverse planning can be carried out either
                through a conventional inverse approach or by using
                    multi-criteria optimization (photons and protons only).

LET evaluation    Computation and evaluation of dose-averaged linear     No
                energy transfer for proton plans. LET is an additional
                   physical quantity that can be used to assess the
                   radiobiological effect of the proton radiation.

LET                 Possibility to include optimization functions on the dose-  No
optimization     averaged linear energy transfer in addition to the dose
                   for proton PBS.


                                                                                      Page 5 of 28

Machine         Microsoft SQL database for storage of beam model        Yes
database         parameters, machine constraints and dose curves with
                  dosimetric data for treatment units.

MR based        Allowing MR-images as planning images and base dose     Yes
planning         computation on material override ROIs.

Optimization     The optimization functions are specified in terms of       Yes
functions         objectives and constraints to form the optimization
                problem that is solved by the optimization engine.

Patient         Manual and semi-automatic segmentation tools for        Yes, but not for
anatomy         contouring ROIs slice by slice together with semi-           atlas based
modeling        automated generation of the patient outline ROI.         segmentation or
                                                              deep learning
               The model-based segmentation technique allows for
                                                                       segmentation.
                 semi-automatic delineation of structures by matching 3D
                shape models of the structures to new image data.

               With atlas-based segmentation, the user can define
                 templates consisting of already segmented image data
               and use this template for segmentation of new patient
                 images.

               With deep learning segmentation, the user can use
                  trained deep learning models for automatic
                segmentation of new patient images. (The model
                    training is performed offline on clinical CT and structure
                   data.)

Patient           Microsoft SQL database for storage of all patient and      Yes
database         plan data. Not for long term storage.

Plan Explorer     The system computes a large set of plans according to    No
                  given rules and the user is provided with tools to select
               good plans from these.

Proton arc       Generation of rotational proton arc plans. Support for    No
planning          discrete PBS arcs.

Quality           Tools for transferring the clinical plan to a phantom and   Yes
assurance         recalculate dose. The output is the dose distribution in
preparation     DICOM format or a 2D dose plane and a QA report.

                  Predicted EPID response is retrieved by photon dose
                computation in a specially designed phantom.


                                                                                      Page 6 of 28

RBE dose       RBE (Relative Biological Effectiveness) models can be     No
handling         defined and commissioned. For proton treatments (8.1
                 onwards), the user can select whether to look at RBEcorrected dose or physical dose. Dose summation is only
                  possible for photon doses and RBE-corrected proton
                  doses.

Robust           Tools used to answer questions of how the dose        No
evaluation         distribution would appear if the patient setup at the
                time of treatment does not fully correspond to the
                  planning CT. A model of patient uncertainties such as CT
                  inaccuracy and setup errors is used to compute a set of
                  scenario doses for evaluation.

             Up to version 8.1 the support was limited to
                computation of one scenario at a time in Plan Evaluation.

Robust           Optimization where a model of patient uncertainties     No
optimization     such as CT inaccuracy, setup errors or organ motion is
                used during the optimization.

Scripting          Scripting gives programmatic access to functionality,     No
                  excluding user risk mitigations. Through scripting, the
                      clinic specific procedures can be automated. The
                 operating system and other applications can be
                  accessed.

Supported        HFS, FFS, HFP, FFP                                    Yes
treatment
                 Decubitus left/right                                   Yes
positions

                Seated position (for proton)                      No

System integrity  Hardware based license, preventing unauthorized         Yes
tools             useable copies to be made. Checksum control of binary
                       files to prevent tampering. Data in the patient and
               machine databases only available for users with
                  administrator rights.

TomoTherapy     Planning for TomoTherapy machines is completely        Yes
planning          integrated in RayStation. Also provides tools for
                   selection of targets and imaging angles for the
               TomoTherapy machine to use for target tracking during
                    delivery.


                                                                                      Page 7 of 28

Supported techniques: TH = TomoHelical, TD =
                 TomoDirect

 Treatment      A general concept where the treatment plan is adapted   No
 adaptation       during the course of treatment. Tools available today
                   include deformable dose accumulation, CBCT dose
                    calculation and replanning scenarios.

 Treatment plan   Approval of the preferred treatment plan and referenced  Yes
 approval         ROIs by authorized medical staff. Once a treatment plan
                          is approved, it is locked for any further modification.

 Treatment plan   Treatment plan creation with specification of plan         Yes
 creation          properties such as number of fractions and delivery
                   technique.

 Treatment plan   Evaluation of a single plan. Comparison of dose           Yes
 evaluation         distributions and DVH curves of two or three plans.

 Undo/redo and   The undo stack is saved to the database, enabling         Yes
 auto recovery     recovery of RayStation after crash. The user may redo all
                   or selected changes at reopen of patient after crash.

 Virtual           Setup of isocenter, beam arrangements and basic         Yes
 Simulation       aperture design. Export to laser systems for patient
                  marking.


Scientific concepts that form the basis for the device and significant performance characteristics:

RayStation is a stand-alone software medical device intended for radiation therapy. Input to the
device is patient, disease and treatment unit information, output from the device is one or more
treatment plans. The treatment plans include treatment unit parameter settings for optimal beam
arrangements, energies, field sizes, and ultimately fluence patterns to produce a safe and effective
radiation dose distribution, as compared to the predicate.

The scientific concepts of a treatment planning system are patient and beam modeling, and
algorithms for dose calculation and plan parameter optimization.

The patient model is a computerized representation of the patient tissue and densities, identifying
the target regions and particular organs at risk. The model is based on medical images of the patient
and must have the desired level of accuracy. Likewise, the beam modeling is a computerized
representation of the treatment unit, defined by fluence type, energy distribution, machine specific
geometry, and beam modifiers such as MLC, flattening filters, wedges etc. The algorithms for dose
calculation and plan parameter optimization must take into account all geometries and materials
that affect irradiation transport through the treatment unit and the patient. The optimization


                                                                                       Page 8 of 28

algorithm iterates treatment plan parameters until the desired treatment plan and dose distribution
have been obtained. Also here, all steps must be done to the desired level of accuracy.

Significant physical characteristics of the device, material used, and physical properties:

The device is a standalone software medical device. It has no physical properties or materials. The
device design information can be found in the subsection above “Device design information”.

   V.    Intended Use/Indications for Use
RayStation is a software system for radiation therapy and medical oncology. Based on user input,
RayStation proposes treatment plans. After a proposed treatment plan is reviewed and approved by
authorized intended users, RayStation may also be used to administer treatments.

The system functionality can be configured based on user needs.

Indications for Use Comparison
The indications for use are the same as the predicate device.


   VI.   Technological Comparison
Comparing RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B with RayStation 12A, all devices are treatment
planning systems. Based on user input, all three RayStation versions propose treatment plans. After a
proposed treatment plan is reviewed and approved by authorized intended users, all three
RayStation versions may also be used to administer treatments.

General features comparison table

       Item           Compared to                     Comment
                       RayStation 12A

 Hardware platform    Substantially Equivalent    RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A, 2023B and 12A all use
                                               standard office PCs as hardware platform.

 Operating system     Substantially Equivalent    RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A, 2023B and 12A all use
                                       Windows 10 Professional (or higher) and Windows Server
                                          2012 R2 (or higher). See RayStation 2024A System
                                            Environment Guidelines for details.

 Target population     Substantially Equivalent    RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A, 2023B and 12A are intended
                                                      for the same target population and anatomical sites; persons
 Anatomical sites      Substantially Equivalent    that have been prescribed an external beam radiation
                                               therapy or chemotherapy treatment.

 Human factors        Substantially Equivalent    In terms of human factors, the systems are considered
                                                   equivalent. Minor updates only. The user interfaces use the
                                       same framework with the same controls and views.

 Standards met        Substantially Equivalent    RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A, 2023B and 12A all comply
                                               with the IEC 61217, IEC 62083, IEC 62304, IEC 62366-1 and
                                              ISO 14971.


                                                                                       Page 9 of 28

Item           Compared to                     Comment
                           RayStation 12A

     Image types           Substantially Equivalent    RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A, 2023B and 12A all support CT,
                                               PET and MR images for identifying patient organs and
                                                      contouring.

      Reporting aspects     Substantially Equivalent   When evaluating and approving treatment plans, all
                                                    necessary data is presented to the user and available in print
                                                              in all systems.

     Image storing         Substantially Equivalent   None of the systems are intended for long term storage of
                                                 images or other patient data.

     Network / remote     Substantially Equivalent     All systems are capable of network transfer of patient data
      connections and                                using the DICOM protocol. RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A,
       capabilities                               2023B and 12A are designed for desktop use and for remote
                                                      access using standard virtualization techniques. Remote
                                                   connection to the system is verified in detail and equivalent
                                                      to local connection.

      Cybersecurity         Substantially Equivalent   No architectural changes or major new features that affect
                                                    cyber security.

    The above listed differences in the general features do not raise different questions of safety or
     effectiveness.

   Some software features and characteristics in RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B are different
    from the predicate device, RayStation 12A. However, these differences are considered by RaySearch
    to be enhancements of the predicate. The principle of operation of the subject devices is the same as
     that of the existing predicate device. Verification and validation demonstrate that the subject devices
    are as safe and effective as the predicate. RaySearch therefore believes that the subject devices are
     substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

    The comparison of the added/updated functions in RayStation 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B
    compared with predicate device, RayStation 12A is presented in the table below.

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
Dose compensation point  A new way of computing the dose compensation point was added Substantially
computation for Tomo      since the previously exported position was suboptimal. The point Equivalent. The
Synchrony                        is calculated by taking the center of the volume formed of the     feature does not raise
                        dose voxels with dose above 90% of the max dose.                different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness

RayStation does not        Related to the item above. The DICOM export was updated so     Substantially
populate                   that the dose compensation point coordinates in IDMS are        Equivalent. The
DoseCompensationPoint   populated with the correct coordinates (as defined in the related  feature does not raise
correctly for TomoMotion  item above).                                                       different questions of
plans

                                                                                          Page 10 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness
Most distal energy layer    Ripples sometimes occurred in the distal edge of Pencil Beam     Substantially
missing causing ripples in   Scanning dose distributions for box targets in water phantoms in  Equivalent. The
dose distribution for box   combination with some dose grid setups.                        feature does not raise
target in water phantom                                                                        different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness
Improved replanning      The improvement to adaptive replanning is to remove dialog      Substantially
                          options to simplify the workflow and to allow the user to select   Equivalent. The
                        whether to include background dose or not.                     feature does not raise
                                                                                                 different questions of
                          Adaptive replanning allows the user to adapt the treatment to a   safety or
                         changing patient geometry. Reasons for when a patient is         effectiveness
                           selected for replanning can vary between treatment protocols.
                         Replanning should be performed when the plan is no longer
                             suitable for treatment and when it has become necessary to
                         adapt the plan to the new circumstances.

                       The prerequisite for adaptive replanning in RayStation is an
                        approved treatment plan. The approved treatment plan that is
                           selected for adaptation is called the base plan. The new adapted
                          plan will be a copy of the base plan. In previous versions of
                           RayStation there was a separate dialog for creation and editing of
                        adapted plans. The New/Edit adapted plan dialog displayed all
                          plan parameters copied from the base plan, and the parameters
                           (such as treatment machine) were editable.

                       To simplify the plan adaptation workflow with less options, and to
                             simplify the code design, the Create adaptive plan dialog in the
                    new version of RayStation only provides some basic plan
                         parameters such as plan name and selection of planning image
                               set. If the user wants to change other parameters, the plan can be
                           edited using the regular Edit plan dialog after creation.

                             Also, with previous versions of RayStation, adapted plans were
                         always made taking background dose into account. Either the
                        accumulated delivered dose for previous fractions (computed in
                          the Dose tracking module) or the planned dose for a number of
                              fractions. The background dose was considered when optimizing
                          the adapted plan on the new image set.


                                                                                          Page 11 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                       The new RayStation version makes it possible also to create
                        adapted plans without taking any background dose into account.
                            This change allows a quick and simple replanning workflow where
                        a base plan is quickly adapted to the daily patient geometry.
Improved dose tracking    The Dose tracking module in RayStation is used to evaluate the    Substantially
                            actual delivered dose to the patient to evaluate daily changes as  Equivalent. The
                            well as to evaluate trends as the treatment progresses. With      feature does not raise
                          previous versions of RayStation it has been possible to do dose    different questions of
                            tracking for one selected treatment plan. For each fraction it was  safety or
                            possible to import and to compute dose for the plan selected for  effectiveness
                        dose tracking on the treatment time image of the patient. When
                          considered needed a new plan, based on the original plan but
                        adapted to a new image of the patient, could be made and be
                        used as basis for subsequent dose tracking.

                       With the new version it is possible to select which treatment plan
                          or beam set to use for dose tracking per fraction, to be able to
                                 fully simulate the actual treatment. In several scenarios you treat
                          with different plans on different fractions, e.g. based on bladder
                                      filling. With the new version it is also possible to add and remove
                             fractions to the treatment course.

                            This limited change in RayStation makes the dose tracking
                             functionality more useful since they can be used in more
                         treatment scenarios.
Delete ROI contours in all   This change increases usability when the user manipulates patient Substantially
slices except every n:th    image contours.                                                  Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                   When editing existing region of interests (ROIs) it sometimes is    different questions of
                               efficient to delete contours on certain image slices and to let      safety or
                            RayStation's interpolation algorithm create new contours on      effectiveness
                         those slices. In previous versions of RayStation the user could
                           delete a complete ROI geometry or one contour at a time.

                       With the new version of RayStation, contours in several slices for
                          the selected ROI can be deleted, keeping contours in e.g. every
                          2nd, 3rd or 5th slice. Optionally, it is possible to define a limited
                         range of image slices within which to do this.
Allow voxelwise min/max   This change enables an evaluation criterion for more scenarios    Substantially
doses if scenario group    and brings scripting closer to what is already enabled for the user Equivalent. The
contains a single image set  through the device graphical user interface.                      feature does not raise
Scripting access to                                                                               different questions of
voxelwise min/max dose

                                                                                          Page 12 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
distributions in robust       Possibility to compute voxelwise min/max doses as long as all     safety or
evaluation                 scenarios are on a single image set. The image set is no longer     effectiveness
                             restricted to being the nominal image.
                             Scripting access to the clinical goal results with respect to the
                          voxelwise min/max distributions for a scenario group. Scripting
                           access to the actual voxelwise min/max dose distribution. These
                          could not be accessed using scripting in previous versions.
Various DICOM         Two new treatment machine settings for export have been added Substantially
improvements               in machine modeling to improve integration with Varian’s Aria    Equivalent. The
                          system.                                                        feature does not raise
                            1) Possibility to configure if jaws shall be exported as              different questions of
                     ASYMX/ASYMY or X/Y. X/Y is set in the exported file (instead of    safety or
                      ASYMX/ASYMY) for machines that have this setting and all        effectiveness
                        segments in all beams are symmetrical.
                            2) Setting that will remove MLC settings from export for cone
                             plans, if all MLC positions are “withdrawn”.
                       The machine settings have been added for DICOM plans exported
                       from RayStation to comply with Varian’s Aria system.

                      Added the possibility to define the default DICOM export target.
                            This is useful to make the folder that is most often used for
                            export, the folder selected by default.

                    A new machine configuration for omitting pixel intensity
                             relationship attributes in the export has been added for enhanced
                            compatibility with other systems. In RayStation 11B, the attributes
                           (0028, 1040) Pixel Intensity Relationship and (0028, 1041) Pixel
                             Intensity Relationship Sign were added to the export of RT
                          Images. The value ‘OTHER’ for Pixel Intensity Relationship Sign has
                            recently been added to the DICOM standard and hence some
                           older systems cannot handle that value. This new option makes it
                            possible to exclude the attributes at export, when Pixel Intensity
                            Relationship Sign = ‘OTHER’.

                      Added possibility to select if option “Delete original DICOM files
                             after import” shall be default. This is useful to have the original
                    DICOM files deleted by default after import.
Point-dose optimization in  Change to increase usability by allowing the user to work with     Substantially
brachy plans               optimization objectives and constraints for points of interest      Equivalent. The
                             (POI)s in a way similar to what was already available for regions of feature does not raise
                             interest (ROI)s.                                                     different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness

                                                                                          Page 13 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                                       It is now possible to add objectives and constraints on POIs. The
                         supported function types are Min dose, Max dose and Target
                          dose. Otherwise, the functions work similar to ROI functions.
                              In this way it is possible to perform planning without delineating
                            targets and OARs.
Electron Monte Carlo dose  Minor improvements to the new electron Monte Carlo dose       Substantially
engine improvements      engine version (introduced in RayStation 12A). The user           Equivalent. The
                           noticeable updates are multi-GPU support and support for        feature does not raise
                             different shapes of collimator tips.                                 different questions of
                          Multi-GPU: For performance reasons, the user can select to       safety or
                             distribute the computation on multiple GPUs if the computer     effectiveness
                          running RayStation has more than one GPU card. Distributing the
                        computation on multiple GPUs will make it faster. The computed
                        dose is identical between one or multiple GPUs and thus accuracy
                                     is not affected.
                             Different tip shapes: The user can specify in the machine model if
                          the shape of the MLC and jaw tips should be focused or rounded.
                             Previously, focused tips were always used. The selected tip shape
                                     is used during dose computation, giving a more accurate
                            description of the physical machine.
Linac machine parameter   The changes are done to achieve more exact simulation in         Substantially
improvements             RayStation of how MLC leaves and jaws are positioned in the      Equivalent. The
                       machine during delivery.                                        feature does not raise
                                                                                                 different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness
Automated field in field    The new Auto field-in-field tool is used to create a field-in-field    Substantially
planning                  plan based on the primary prescription and a primary field that is Equivalent. The
                             either defined by a target plus a user defined margin or by the    feature does not raise
                                    first segment in each beam. The algorithm starts with a primary   different questions of
                                field and subfields are added iteratively to irradiate low dose      safety or
                             regions. The tool automatically:                                   effectiveness
                                      - creates subfields based on low dose regions
                                      - adjusts segment weights
                                      - computes final dose and scales to prescription

                       The tool automates a workflow that previously has been possible
                           to do manually.
Segment weight           Optimizing with respect to only segment weights, called Segment Substantially
optimization using photon MU in the RayStation user interface, were previously only         Equivalent. The
Monte Carlo added         available for one of the two clinical photon dose engines in       feature does not raise
                            RayStation, the Collapsed Cone dose engine. Now segment weight different questions of


                                                                                          Page 14 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                           optimization is possible also when using photon Monte Carlo, the safety or
                          other clinical photon dose engine in RayStation.                   effectiveness

                              In the RayStation user interface, it’s possible to select to optimize
                          with respect to Segment shapes and/or Segment MU. In 12A
                        however, it was not allowed to start Segment MU only
                           optimization with photon Monte Carlo selected. With photon
                     Monte Carlo selected in 12A, it was only possible to optimize
                       Segment shapes individually or Segment shapes together with
                       Segment MU. With Collapsed Cone selected, it was possible in
                      12A to optimize Segment shapes individually, Segment MU
                              individually or Segment shapes together with Segment MU.
                              In 2023B all options are available with photon Monte Carlo
                           selected as well.

                            This change makes it possible to utilize the more accurate Monte
                           Carlo dose engine in more planning scenarios.
Photon Monte Carlo dose  The photon Monte Carlo dose engine has been improved with     Substantially
engine: Improved positron  respect to positron physics. For external beam treatment         Equivalent. The
handling                    energies, the difference in computed dose is small, but           feature does not raise
                         remodeling of photon and electron Monte Carlo machine models different questions of
                                     is required. The most noticeable change in computed dose before safety or
                         remodeling is the output for larger field sizes for photon Monte   effectiveness
                             Carlo. There are no changes to the RayStation user interface.

                            This change further improves the accuracy of computed photon
                     Monte Carlo dose.
Improvements to          For proton broad beam techniques, manual editing of the         Substantially
conformity of broad beams compensator shape is sometimes done to optimize the dose      Equivalent. The
when using compensator    distribution. Clinics reported that for some plans where smearing feature does not raise
smearing/gradient        was applied after manual compensator editing, the modulation   different questions of
                          got insufficient to cover the proximal edge of the target. For      safety or
                         proton broad beam techniques, "Compute beam SOBP" (spread   effectiveness
                         out Bragg peak) now traces through the actual shape of the
                        compensator and proton wedge (if present).

                            This change makes it easier to get a good conformance to the
                            target after manually editing the compensator or applying
                         smearing and gradient tools.
LET optimization            Linear energy transfer (LET) is a quantity that, in combination with Substantially
                          the dose, provides information about the biological effect of the  Equivalent. The
                             radiation. Typically, in risk organs you want to avoid high LET in   feature does not raise
                         combination with high dose. High LET with low dose is more       different questions of

                                                                                          Page 15 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                           acceptable. Areas of the body that receive high dose and high LET safety or
                        can experience more cell death, which is desirable in the tumor,   effectiveness
                         but harmful to normal tissue.

                       The new version of RayStation supports optimization on doseaveraged linear energy transfer (LETd) for protons. This can be
                        used to lower LET in risk organs, which could reduce potential side
                             effects of radiotherapy. Possibility to add Max LETd and Min LETd
                           optimization functions in addition to standard dose optimization
                            functions has been added.
Evaluation on converted    This is a change to enable users to visualize proton dose on CBCT  Substantially
CBCT images for protons   images for evaluation only. The images cannot be used for        Equivalent. The
                          planning and the dose cannot be used clinically.                  feature does not raise
                                                                                                 different questions of
                                       It is possible to compute an evaluation dose on converted CBCT   safety or
                        images for protons. It is not possible to use such an image for     effectiveness
                            planning. The conversion algorithms themselves are the same as
                         those already clinically available for photons.
Support for discrete proton PBS Arc is a new treatment technique in RayStation. However,     Substantially
arcs                        since the arc plans are exported as regular PBS plans, with many  Equivalent. The
                                fields per plan instead of many segments per field, this is an      feature does not raise
                            administrative change.                                             different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                           RayStation 2023B includes optimization of discrete PBS arc plans  effectiveness
                      where the gantry is stationary during dose delivery, as opposed to
                        dynamic arc plans where the gantry moves during delivery.

                            Discrete PBS arc optimization involves:
                                      - Many gantry angles per beam, where multiple energy layers are
                           delivered per gantry
                            angle.
                                      - Easy setup including air gap computation for collision avoidance.
                                      - Iterative reduction of energy layers during optimization to
                         reduce delivery time.

                       PBS arc plans must be converted into regular PBS plans with many
                        beams, to be available for export out of RayStation.
Separate clinical goals per   This change increases usability for evaluation of clinical goals.     Substantially
beam set and plan                                                                           Equivalent. The
                                       It is now possible to specify which dose to evaluate a specific      feature does not raise
                                 clinical goal on.                                                    different questions of
                                Clinical goals are clearly grouped by plan and beam set in the      safety or
                          GUI.                                                             effectiveness

                                                                                          Page 16 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                              In previous versions all clinical goals are evaluated on the
                            currently selected dose (plan dose/beam set dose/beam
                            dose/etc).
Support and fixation        This change increases usability by not forcing all beam sets to     Substantially
structures per beam set    have the same couch and fixation device settings.                 Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                            This is to support the possibility to use different couches and      different questions of
                             different fixation devices for different beam sets. (E.g. changing   safety or
                         treatment machine often means changing to a different kind of   effectiveness
                           couch.)
                         Only selected fixation and support ROIs will be included in dose
                         computation.
One-click creation of        This change increases usability for creation of synthetic CT.        Substantially
synthetic CT                                                                                 Equivalent. The
                              In previous versions, to create a sCT using the CBCT correction    feature does not raise
                          algorithm or the virtual CT algorithm, the user had to provide a    different questions of
                           pre-created deformable registration between refCT and CBCT as  safety or
                            well as a pre created Field of View (FOV) ROI on the CBCT. Also –  effectiveness
                       an external was required on the CBCT. The new functionality
                           allows sCT to be created from two rigidly registered refCT and
                         CBCT.
Modality of sCT shall be CT  This change increases the usability when handling CBCT images.   Substantially
                                                                                             Equivalent. The
                       The user can now freely choose the imaging system of a          feature does not raise
                         converted CBCT image. Converted CBCT images fetch their HU-to- different questions of
                      mass density table from their imaging system rather than from    safety or
                          the imaging system of the reference CT image. As a result, the     effectiveness
                          modality of such images will correspond to that of the chosen
                         imaging system which in most cases will be CT instead of CBCT.
Various GUI improvements  - Adjusted treatment delivery information in Patient data          Substantially
throughout the system    management module                                            Equivalent. The
                                      - ROI/POI lists initially sorted alphabetically                      feature does not raise
                                      - Sorting on sub-columns for some tables                          different questions of
                                      - Reduced size of aperture shapes toolbar                         safety or
                                      - Show beam parts, Volume rendering settings and DRR settings   effectiveness
                            dialogs are now non-modal
                                      - Improved performance of “Copy to all” of Visualization settings
                               in ROI/POI details
                                      - Image conversion histogram updated to follow the color scheme
                               in the fusion view
                                      - Show segment number in BEV
                                      - Possibility to translate also plan reports and the Report Designer


                                                                                          Page 17 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
Various workflow         These are changes for increased usability.                         Substantially
improvements                                                                               Equivalent. The
                                      - Creating structures from template now have the option to       feature does not raise
                           automatically update derived ROIs.                                different questions of
                                      - Option to replace existing clinical goals when applying template. safety or
                                      - Option to replace existing optimization functions when applying effectiveness
                          template.
Various general system     These are changes for increased usability.                         Substantially
improvements                                                                               Equivalent. The
                                      - Treat and Protect settings are now scriptable for all modalities.  feature does not raise
                         Notably for protons and electrons.                                 different questions of
                                      - Possibility to copy objectives and constraints                    safety or
                                      - Function values are no longer automatically computed after final effectiveness
                        dose
                                      - Relative dose value has been added to Dose cloud visualization
                                      - Faster saving of patient data
                                      - Faster Bragg Peak rendering
                                      - For DICOM data where a filter has been applied the Transfer
                          Syntax Implicit VR Little Endian will always be used
Material view refactoring   This change increases usability of the material visualization view.  Substantially
                                                                                             Equivalent. The
                    Make the material visualization view less error prone and possible feature does not raise
                           to use with beam set specific support/fixation ROIs. This will lead  different questions of
                           to limitations in the current functionality; no material view will be safety or
                      shown when there is no computed dose, and the material         effectiveness
                              visualization view will only be shown for beam set and beam
                           doses. One extension to the current functionality is made;
                           material will be visualized for Bolus ROIs for beams with the Bolus
                        ROI assigned.
Updated DRR UID handling  This is an administrative change for handling unique identifiers    Substantially
                             (UIDs).                                                           Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                              In the 2024A RayStation/RayCare releases, a joint goal is to be     different questions of
                           able to deliver treatment plans using Varian TrueBeam machines. safety or
                              In that interface, information about the RT Images/ Digitally       effectiveness
                          Reconstructed Radiographs (DRRs) that will be used for delivery
                        needs to be provided. To avoid incorrect RT Images being used at
                            patient positioning, RayStation needs to produce deterministic
                        UIDs for exported RT Images. The logic to generate DRRs has
                            previously been spread out and duplicated in various places in
                            RayStation. Now the modelling of DRRs will be centralized in the
                           RayStation domain model which will both solve the immediate


                                                                                          Page 18 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                             issues and decrease the risk of introducing future problems when
                          the DRR generation is updated.
Dose rate for setup beams  This is a change to fulfill an administrative interface requirement  Substantially
                            since a dose rate for a setup beam does not have any function.    Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                               Possibility to set a dose rate for RayStation setup beams when     different questions of
                           using a Linac treatment machine.                                 safety or
                       The dose rate for setup beams is defined per Linac treatment     effectiveness
                       machine in RayPhysics.
Display brachy channel      This is a change to increase usability.                              Substantially
numbers in 3D view                                                                          Equivalent. The
                                       It shall be possible to display channel numbers in the 3D view.    feature does not raise
                                                                                                 different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness
Improved shape            This is a change to increase performance and accuracy of a        Substantially
conversion                  calculation. The specifications are the same and there is no design Equivalent. The
                          change.                                                        feature does not raise
                                                                                                 different questions of
                   New algorithm for converting triangle mesh ROIs to voxel ROIs.   safety or
                        Improves accuracy of the conversions at first and last slice of ROI  effectiveness
                       and improves performance for cases with a lot of mesh ROIs.
General patient modeling   These are changes to increase the usability of patient modeling    Substantially
improvements             workflows.                                                       Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                                      - ROIs grouping by body site in DLS dialog                          different questions of
                                      - Possibility to create ellipsoid ROIs                               safety or
                                      - Default names for MBS ROIs now follow the TG263 standard     effectiveness
                                      - Improved non-uniform expansion/contraction of ROIs
                                      - Delete multiple contours (keeping every n:th) now works in all
                        view directions
                                      - Possibility to add colors for ROIs in RayMachine
Image registration          This change improves the visualization of the image registration   Substantially
improvements            workspace.                                                      Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                       The ‘Deformation grid’ in the Deformable registration module     different questions of
                        view now shows image set in the same direction as the reference safety or
                       image set for easier comparison.                                  effectiveness

                                      - The floating view in the Image registration module has been
                        updated and improved. It now works like it did in RayStation 11A
                       and earlier versions. Position, Direction


                                                                                          Page 19 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                              (transversal/sagittal/coronal), Patient direction letters, Imaging
                        system name and Slice number are again displayed in the floating
                           view.
Improved Varian TrueBeam This is an administrative change to fulfill interface requirements   Substantially
integration              from other devices.                                              Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                       The new RayStation version supports indicating export of plans    different questions of
                          with high MU values as High-Dose Technique Type plans. The     safety or
                           version also includes improved Dose Reference Description       effectiveness
                            handling.

                              In RayPhysics, it is possible to define MU thresholds for different
                         treatment techniques. The thresholds are defined per treatment
                         machine. When exporting a treatment plan, the DICOM tag (300A,
                         00C7) in the RTPlan is set to SRS for beams where MU exceeds the
                            threshold.

                       The population of the DICOM attributes Prescription Description
                       and Dose Reference Description has been updated. Previously,
                            default values were used to populate these attributes. For the
                       Dose Reference Description, it is now possible to select between
                           four different default modes for populating the values. This
                             setting can be configured per machine. It is also possible to set
                          user defined overrides for both attributes.

                        These options are added to reduce the need to manually edit the
                           properties after importing a plan into other systems.
Improved sliding window   Control points are key elements in defining the delivery of a       Substantially
VMAT sequencing        beam. They specify how the beam parameters change over the    Equivalent. The
                          course of the treatment delivery. A beam typically contains       feature does not raise
                           multiple control points to describe the beam’s modulation and    different questions of
                      movement. One important attribute of a control point is the      safety or
                           gantry angle.                                                     effectiveness

                                       It was found that for VMAT beams, the way RayStation used
                         decimal distances between control points could lead to treatment
                           plans that could not be delivered by the treatment machine (e.g.
                        because they violated machine constraints such as maximum
                           gantry speed) since the gantry angles had to be rounded to fewer
                          decimals when the plan was exported to DICOM.

                              In the new version the sliding window VMAT sequencing
                          algorithm has been modified to create control points with a

                                                                                          Page 20 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.
                           gantry spacing of exactly 2 degrees, as opposed to a gantry
                           spacing of maximum 2 degrees. This change ensures that the
                          created VMAT beams are deliverable on the treatment machine.
Varian Halcyon in EPID      This change enables the previously existing functionality to be     Substantially
validation                used for one additional electronic portal imaging device (EPID).    Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                       The EPID QA functionality has now also been validated for Varian  different questions of
                          Halcyon.                                                         safety or
                         EPID measurements using a Varian Halcyon LINAC have been      effectiveness
                       added to the EPID QA validation. All validation measurements
                          pass the acceptance criteria, and the license for EPID QA can be
                    made available also for Varian Halcyon users.
Possibility to use          With this change, a proton dose computed on a converted CBCT   Substantially
background proton dose   image set can also be used as background dose in optimization    Equivalent. The
computed on converted    and in adapted plans.                                           feature does not raise
CBCT                   With the previous version, it was possible to compute evaluation  different questions of
                        dose on converted CBCT images for protons. The image           safety or
                          conversion algorithms are the same as those already clinically     effectiveness
                             available for photons.
Higher dose grid resolution In RayStation the dose grid defines the volume where dose is to   Substantially
for proton PBS           be computed. The finer resolution the dose grid has, the more    Equivalent. The
                          accurate is the computed dose. (The dose takes longer to         feature does not raise
                             calculate with a finer dose grid, and more data is created, so there different questions of
                          are trade-offs between high resolution and performance.)         safety or
                           Previous versions of RayStation had support for a dose grid        effectiveness
                            resolution down to 1x1x1 mm.

                          For treatments of small areas, it can be beneficial to be able to
                         use very fine dose grids. Treatments of eye cancer is one such
                         example. To better support these kinds of treatments RayStation
                    now supports dose grid resolutions down to 0.5 mm when using
                          the proton PBS Monte Carlo and Pencil Beam dose engines. This
                            includes support for computing curves at this high resolution in
                           RayPhysics, as well as for computing proton curves at nonuniform resolution in RayPhysics.
Upgrade of CUDA        CUDA (Compute Unified Device Architecture) is a parallel          Substantially
                        computing platform and API developed by NVIDIA, enabling       Equivalent. The
                          developers to leverage NVIDIA GPUs (Graphics Processing Units)  feature does not raise
                             for general-purpose processing. It enhances performance by      different questions of
                           allowing the execution of thousands of parallel threads. CUDA is  safety or
                        used in several algorithms in RayStation that utilize the GPU, e.g., effectiveness
                               in dose engines and algorithms for deformable registration.


                                                                                          Page 21 of 28

Added/updated function in Description of the RayStation function                     Compared to
RayStation 2024A SP3,                                                                 RayStation 12A
2024A and 2023B                                                             K222312
compared with predicate
device, RayStation 12A.

                       The platform used for GPU computations in RayStation (CUDA)
                         has been upgraded to version 12.2 to support new hardware
                         environments and compiler versions. The platform upgrade does
                         not affect the use of GPU calculations withing the treatment
                          planning workflow.
FSN/recall corrections         •  RES 91867/FSN 109886: DICOM export from the Virtual   Substantially
                                  Simulation module                                       Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                             •  RES 94153/FSN 130646 Remove template material 'Silicon
                                                                                                 different questions of
                                                 [Si]'
                                                                                              safety or
                             •  RES 94388/FSN 133261: Incorrect early exit in SSD        effectiveness
                             •  RES 96156/FSN 148655: Density perturbation in
                                Perturbed dose and Robust eval gives a lower range
                                  perturbation

Minor bug fixes            Fixed minor performance issues, such as crashes and low speed,   Substantially
                           to bring product to its initial specifications.                       Equivalent. The
                                                                                          feature does not raise
                                                                                                 different questions of
                                                                                              safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness


        VII.   Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary
    Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
   recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
    Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”. The software for this device was
    considered as a “Major” level of concern, since a failure or latent flaw in the software could directly
     result in serious injury or death to the patient.

    Cybersecurity and Interoperability requirements were assessed per FDA guidance’s “Cybersecurity in
    Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions (Sept 2023)”.
    The cybersecurity analysis showed that the cybersecurity risks are mitigated, and the residual risk is
    acceptable. The devices are secure for use in their intended environment and methods are in place
     for ensuring security throughout the total product lifecycle.

     Testing of new features followed a multi-level test approach, through unit, integration, and system
     level testing. Testing to support that new and modified features are comparable to the predicate
    device was performed through dose engine validation using measurement comparison tests with


                                                                                          Page 22 of 28

Gamma evaluation criteria, plan comparisons using clinical objectives, and through workflow testing.
Test results demonstrate conformance to applicable requirements and specifications.

Compliance with device-specific recognized consensus standards, along with general and collateral
safety and performance standards for medical devices listed below, ensures that basic safety and
essential performance requirements are met.

Standards applied:

 Standard No.           Standard Title                                      Recognition no.
 IEC 61217              Radiotherapy equipment - Coordinates movements    12-267
                     and scales
 IEC 62304             Medical device software - Software life cycle          13-79
                        processes
 IEC 62366-1            Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability       5-129
                         engineering to medical devices
 ISO 14971             Medical devices - Application of risk management to   5-125
                        medical devices
 IEC 62083             Medical electrical equipment - Requirements for the   12-217
                          safety of radiotherapy treatment planning systems
 IEC 81001-5-1          Health software and health IT systems safety         13-122
                          effectiveness and security - Part 5-1: Security -
                             Activities in the product life cycle


Automated and manual verification activities were created as part of the implementation of product
backlog items and performed throughout the project, i.e., continuously during development and
during verification and validation preparation and finally during formal verification and validation.

The type of data obtained through software verification is test results from automated and manual
test runs. From automated tests, the data type is binary pass or fail result. From manual tests, the
type of data is also pass or fail based on manual execution of tests according to specification and
comparison of results with the specified expected results.

The purpose of data obtained through verification is to determine successful or failed verification of
the requirement linked to the verification activity. The requirement can state e.g. that a certain
accuracy must be obtained, a certain input data range is allowed, or that some information must be
clearly displayed to the user. The purpose of the verification of the requirements is to verify the
consistency, completeness, and correctness of the software and its supporting documentation. The
purpose of the verification is also to verify the quality of the source code, correctness of software
design, the integration of internal and external components and the correct function of UI
components and use cases.

According to the FDA document “General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for
Industry and FDA Staff”, software verification “provides objective evidence that the design outputs of
a particular phase of the software development life cycle meet all of the specified requirements for
that phase”, and software validation is “confirmation by examination and provision of objective


                                                                                      Page 23 of 28

evidence that software specifications conform to user needs and intended uses, and that the
      particular requirements implemented through software can be consistently fulfilled”.

     Below is an overview of the verification and validation activities used to demonstrate substantial
      equivalence. The specific validation activities for selected significant features are presented in the
      table below.

          •   Unit Testing: This involves testing individual software requirements to ensure that small
              sections of the code function as intended in isolation. It helps identify and fix bugs at an early
              stage.

          •   Integration Testing: This type of testing focuses on verifying that different modules of the
             software work together as intended. It ensures that the integrated system functions
               correctly.

          •  System Level Testing: This testing evaluates the entire software system to ensure it meets
             the specified requirements to validate the overall behaviour of the system.

          •   Cybersecurity Testing: This testing assesses the software's ability to protect against cyber
              threats and vulnerabilities. It includes penetration testing to ensure the software is secure
           and resilient against attacks.

          •   Usability Testing, also referred to as Validation in a clinical environment: This testing
             evaluates the software's user interface and user experience. It involves testing the software
             with real users to identify usability issues and ensure that the software is as safe as the
              predicate, easy to use and meets user needs.

          •   Regression Testing: This testing ensures that updates to the software do not introduce new
            bugs or negatively impact existing functionality. It involves re-running previously conducted
               tests to verify that the software still performs as expected after modifications.

          In the below table, an overview of the verification and validation activities is presented for
          selected significant features.

Added/updated          Verification and validation data used to demonstrate         Substantially equivalent?
function in RayStation   substantial equivalence
2024A SP3, 2024A and
2023B compared to
predicate device,
RayStation 12A.
Dose compensation point System level verification and validation included dosimetric        Yes. The successful
computation for Tomo    analysis of motion compensated dose, comparing the effects      validation of this
Synchrony               of using dose compensation point values from RayStation and     feature demonstrates
                         Accuray’s proprietary device Precision.                           that the device is as
                                                                                          safe and effective as
                         Unit Testing. Purpose:                                        the predicate device.
                           •   Verifying that for a given 3D dose volume and a dose
                                 threshold, the center point of the volume formed by
                               the voxels with dose above the given threshold is


                                                                                           Page 24 of 28

Added/updated          Verification and validation data used to demonstrate         Substantially equivalent?
function in RayStation   substantial equivalence
2024A SP3, 2024A and
2023B compared to
predicate device,
RayStation 12A.
                                   correctly calculated and that the method used
                                   calculates the dose compensation point using the
                                 correct dose and threshold.
                               Pass criteria: The calculated values for the center
                                point coordinates are equal to values from the version
                             used in the Accuray validation testing. Calculated dose
                             compensation point values are numerically equal to
                                values obtained from calling the method.
                                  This serves as a regression test, demonstrating that
                               the values remain unchanged compared to the version
                             used in the Accuray validation tests.

                           •   Verify that the calculated values are exported
                                   correctly from RayStation to a DICOM format. 1. Pass
                                       criteria: Equality between the calculated and exported
                               coordinate point, 2. Point coordinates only exported
                                   for Helical Tomo Synchrony plans, and 3. Point
                                coordinates only exported in the correct DICOM item.

                             •   Verify that the calculated values are converted
                                   correctly from the DICOM format to the format which
                                             is sent to Accuray's system. Pass criteria: The DICOM
                               data coordinate point and the coordinate point in the
                               data structure which is sent to the Accuray system
                                     shall be equal. and 2. The point coordinates shall be
                                sent only for the relevant plan types
Point-dose optimization  Unit level tests, purpose:                                          Yes. The successful
in brachy plans                                                                               validation of this
                           •   Verify that the position from the correct image set is      feature demonstrates
                             used in point-dose objectives and point dose              that the device is as
                                  constraints if there are multiple image sets.               safe and effective as
                               Pass criteria:                                         the predicate device.
                            The position used in the point-dose
                                  objective/constraint is the position of the point on the
                                planning image and not the position of the point on a
                             second image.

                           •   Verify that it is possible to add an optimization
                                  objective or constraint with respect to a point and that
                               the added constraint refers to the correct point.


                                                                                           Page 25 of 28

Added/updated          Verification and validation data used to demonstrate         Substantially equivalent?
function in RayStation   substantial equivalence
2024A SP3, 2024A and
2023B compared to
predicate device,
RayStation 12A.
                                   Verify that when adding an optimization objective or
                                  constraint to a point, it is possible to select a function
                               type and a dose level for the constraint.
                               Pass criteria:
                                        All conditions below are met:
                       When adding an optimization objective/constraint to a
                                   point, the constraint is added to the list of
                                optimization functions and that the name of the point
                                     in the constraint is the same as the name of the
                                 selected point.
                       When adding an optimization objective/constraint to a
                                   point, the description of the added optimization
                                  constraint has the same function type and dose level
                                as was selected.

                           •   Verify that it is possible to save and load an
                                optimization function template containing
                                optimization objectives and constraints to points.
                               Pass criteria:
                                  After saving and loading a template containing
                                optimization objectives and constraints to points, the
                              loaded optimization functions are the same as the
                                optimization functions saved in the template.

                           •   Verify that the results from point optimization is as
                               expected, by optimizing with a single objective for the
                             dose at a point without any other objectives or
                                   constraints.
                                   Verify that the results from point optimization is as
                               expected, by optimizing with multiple objectives for
                               the dose at different points without any other
                                  objectives or constraints.
                               Pass criteria:
                             Both conditions below are met:
                                    1. After optimization, the dose in the point should be
                               equal to the dose specified in the objective.
                                    2. After optimization, the dose in all points with an
                                  objective should be equal to the dose specified in each
                                   objective.


                                                                                           Page 26 of 28

Added/updated          Verification and validation data used to demonstrate         Substantially equivalent?
function in RayStation   substantial equivalence
2024A SP3, 2024A and
2023B compared to
predicate device,
RayStation 12A.
Electron Monte Carlo    Dose engine validation, comparing calculated doses with          Yes. The successful
dose engine           measured doses obtained from clinics, doses computed in         validation of this
improvements          independent, well-established TPS, doses computed with         feature demonstrates
                            earlier versions of RayStation, and doses computed in             that the device is as
                     BEAMnrc/egs++ with Gamma evaluation criteria.                  safe and effective as
                                                                                   the predicate device.
Segment weight         System-level performance of the optimization method             Yes. The successful
optimization using      proposed in the subject device was compared with the            validation of this
photon Monte Carlo      predicate through resulting plan dose and dose statistics for       feature demonstrates
added                                                                                    that the device is as                       auto breast planning, SMLC, and VMAT plans.
                                                                                          safe and effective as
                                                                                   the predicate device.
Photon Monte Carlo dose Dose engine validation with Gamma evaluation criteria. After      Yes. The successful
engine: Improved        recommissioning of the beam model, the dose differences         validation of this
positron handling       between photon Monte Carlo computed doses in RayStation      feature demonstrates
                    12A and RayStation 2024A are negligible. The dose engine         that the device is as
                          validation shows the same level of accuracy as before after        safe and effective as
                        remodeling.                                                 the predicate device.
Evaluation on converted  Test cases consist of CBCTs from the MedPhoton imaging ring     Yes. The successful
CBCT images for protons on a Mevion S250i system, as well as the on-board CBCT           validation of this
                       systems on a Varian ProBeam and an IBA P1.                     feature demonstrates
                                                                                          that the device is as
                         Test cases cover validation of 3D dose computed on both the      safe and effective as
                        Corrected CBCT and Virtual CT. For each case, a ground truth      the predicate device.
                     CT image has been prepared to serve as ground truth.

                         Test criteria:
                 Gamma 2%/2mm pass rate above 90% for proton MC/PB dose
                      computation
                 Gamma 3%/3mm pass rate above 95% for proton MC/PB dose
                      computation


     The data obtained from the verification show that system tests, use error tests, unit and subsystem
      tests are acceptable, and the validations have been completed successfully. The reviews of design,
     code and labeling met the acceptance criteria.

     The validation of the applicable new/updated features, performed in a clinical environment, were
      successful. From the user responses to the questions if workflows/functionality tests were successful,
         if documentation was understandable and if RayStation was considered safe to use, the
      determination was made that validation of the applicable features passed the criteria for a successful


                                                                                           Page 27 of 28

result and that the RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B safety and effectiveness as
compared to the predicate has been validated for clinical use.

has been validated for clinical use.

From the successful verification and validation activities, the conclusion can be drawn that
RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B have met specifications and are as safe, as
effective and perform as well as the legally marketed predicate devices.

    VIII.  Animal Testing
No animal testing was required to demonstrate substantial equivalence.


    IX.    Clinical Testing
No Clinical trials were required to demonstrate substantial equivalence.


   X.    Conclusion
The differences between the predicate and subject device do not raise any new or different
questions of safety or effectiveness.

In the Technological Comparison section above, added/updated functions in RayStation/RayPlan
2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B are compared with the predicate device, RayStation 12A in a General
features comparison table and in an Added/updated functions table. For both tables, all compared
items are evaluated as substantially equivalent and do not raise different questions of safety of
effectiveness.

The non-clinical data support the safety of the device as compared to the predicate and the software
verification and validation demonstrate that the RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B
devices should perform as intended in the specified use conditions, and the performance testing
demonstrates that the RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B devices perform as well as
the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use.

Therefore, all of the differences are substantially equivalent compared with the predicate device.

RayStation/RayPlan 2024A SP3, 2024A and 2023B are substantially equivalent to RayStation 12A
cleared under K222312.


                                                                                      Page 28 of 28