April 8, 2024
Ever Fortune.AI, Co., Ltd.
Ti-Hao Wang
Chief Technology Officer
Rm. D, 8F. No. 573, Sec. 2 Taiwan Blvd. West Dist.
Taichung City, 403020, TAIWAN

Re: K240291
    Trade/Device Name:  EFAI CARDIOSUITE CTA ACUTE AORTIC SYNDROME ASSESSMENT
                 SYSTEM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: January 31, 2024
    Received: February 1, 2024

Dear Ti-Hao Wang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

K240291 - Ti-Hao Wang                                                              Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

51 0(k) Number (if known)
K240291

Device Name
EFAI CARDIOSUITE CTA ACUTE AORTIC SYNDROME ASSESSMENT SYSTEM


Indications for Use (Describe)
EFAI CARDIOSUITE CTA ACUTE AORTIC SYNDROME ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI AASCTA) is a
radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of chest or chest-abdomen
CTA in adults aged 22 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical
specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating suspected positive cases of aortic dissection (AD) or aortic
intramural hematoma (IMH) pathology.

EFAI AASCTA uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output available
to a P ACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. BF AI AASCT A is not intended to direct attention to specific
portions or anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking nor is it intended to rule out AAS or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of computed tomography angiography
cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      ~ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   BF

EVER                                     K240291       F9RTUNE. AI
                           510(k) Summary

1.    General Information

510(k) Sponsor                Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
Address                   Rm. D, 8F. No. 573, Sec. 2 Taiwan Blvd.
                            West Dist.
                              Taichung City 403020
                      TAIWAN
Applicant                      Joseph Chang
Contact Information           886-04-23213838 #216
                                joseph.chang@everfortune.ai
Correspondence Person        Ti-Hao Wang
Contact Information           886-04-23213838 #168
                          thothwang@gmail.com
                                tihao.wang@everfortune.ai
Date Prepared                   January, 2024


2.    Proposed Device
Proprietary Name            EFAI  CARDIOSUITE CTA ACUTE  AORTIC SYNDROME
                      ASSESSMENT SYSTEM
Common Name              EFAI AASCTA
Classification Name             Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code            QAS
Regulatory Class                    II


3.    Predicate Device
Proprietary Name              BriefCase
Premarket Notification        K222329
Classification Name             Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code            QAS
Regulatory Class                    II


EFAI AASCTA Traditional 510(k)
                                          1

EVER
       F9RTUNE. AI

4.    Device Description

EFAI CARDIOSUITE CTA ACUTE AORTIC SYNDROME ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI
AASCTA)   is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software system. The
software uses deep learning techniques to automatically analyze chest or chest-abdomen CTA
and alerts the PACS/RIS workstation once images with features suggestive of AD or IMH are
identified.

Through the use of EFAI AASCTA, a radiologist  is able to review studies with features
suggestive of AD or IMH earlier than in standard of care workflow.

The device is intended to provide a passive notification through the PACS/workstation to the
radiologists indicating the existence of a case that may potentially benefit from the prioritization.
It does not mark, highlight, or direct users’ attention to a specific location on the original chest or
chest-abdomen CTA. The device aims to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical
images only.

5.    Intended Use / Indications for Use

EFAI CARDIOSUITE CTA ACUTE AORTIC SYNDROME ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI
AASCTA) is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of chest or chest-abdomen CTA in adults aged 22 and older. The device is intended
to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by
flagging and communicating suspected  positive cases of aortic dissection (AD) or aortic
intramural hematoma (IMH) pathology.

EFAI AASCTA uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes
case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. EFAI
AASCTA is not intended to direct attention to specific portions or anomalies of an image. Its
results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it
intended to rule out AAS or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of computed tomography
angiography cases.

6.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device


                          Proposed Device:                     Predicate Device:
      Feature/
                         EFAI AASCTA                          BriefCase
     Function
                              (K240291)                          (K222329)

     Intended      EFAI   CARDIOSUITE   CTA  BriefCase       is     a      radiological
   Use/Indication   ACUTE AORTIC SYNDROME   computer-aided  triage  and  notification
       for Use     ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI   software indicated for use in the analysis

EFAI AASCTA Traditional 510(k)
                                          2

.:. EVER
 ---.-  F9RTUNE. AI

                AASCTA)    is   a    radiological   of CT exams with contrast (CTA and CT
                    computer    aided    triage   and  with contrast) that include the chest in
                         notification software indicated for   adults or transitional adolescents aged 18
                     use  in  the  analysis  of  chest  or  and older. The device is intended to assist
                    chest-abdomen CTA in adults aged   hospital  networks  and   appropriately
                   22  and   older.  The  device   is   trained medical specialists in workflow
                      intended to assist hospital networks   triage by  flagging and communicating
                    and appropriately trained medical   suspected   positive   cases   of   aortic
                         specialists  in workflow  triage by   dissection  (AD)  pathology.  BriefCase
                       flagging   and    communicating   uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to
                      suspected positive cases of aortic   analyze images and highlight cases with
                        dissection (AD) or aortic intramural   detected   findings  on   a  standalone
                  hematoma (IMH) pathology.          application  in  parallel  to  the ongoing
                  EFAI AASCTA uses an  artificial   standard of care image interpretation. The
                        intelligence  algorithm  to  identify   user  is presented with notifications for
                      suspected   findings.    It  makes   cases    with    suspected     findings.
                        case-level  output  available  to  a   Notifications     include    compressed
                    PACS/workstation   for   worklist  preview  images  that  are  meant  for
                         prioritization   or   triage.  EFAI   informational  purposes  only  and  not
               AASCTA is not intended to direct   intended   for  diagnostic  use  beyond
                        attention  to  specific  portions  or   notification. The device does not alter the
                     anomalies of an image. Its results   original  medical  image  and   is  not
                       are not intended to be used on a   intended  to  be  used  as  a  diagnostic
                       stand-alone   basis   for   clinical   device.  The  results  of  BriefCase  are
                     decision-making nor is it intended   intended to be used in conjunction with
                        to  rule  out AAS  or  otherwise   other patient information and based on
                      preclude   clinical  assessment  of   the user's professional judgment, to assist
                   computed tomography angiography   with   triage/prioritization   of  medical
                        cases.                              images.    Notified     clinicians    are
                                                            responsible for viewing full images per
                                                             the standard of care.
                      Hospital      networks      and
                                                           Hospital  networks  and  appropriately
  User population    appropriately    trained   medical
                                                               trained medical specialists
                         specialists

    Anatomical
                     Chest and thoracoabdominal          Chest, abdomen and thoracoabdominal
  region of interest

  Data acquisition                          CT exams with contrast (CTA and CT
                       chest or chest-abdomen CTA
      protocol                                          with contrast) that include the chest

  Notification-only
     (notification
                    Yes                             Yes
   alerts), parallel
   workflow tool

      Images
              DICOM                  DICOM
      format

  Interference with
     standard     No                       No
     workflow

EFAI AASCTA Traditional 510(k)
                                          3

EVER
       F9RTUNE. AI

                          Artificial   intelligence  algorithm   Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with
     Algorithm
                     with database of images              database of images


7.    Performance Data

Performance of the EFAI AASCTA has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and validation
testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance with IEC
62304:2006/A1:2016 - Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, in addition to
the FDA Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket Submissions  for Device Software
Functions” and “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
of Premarket Submissions.”

Ever Fortune.AI conducted a retrospective, blinded, multisite clinical validation study with the
proposed device EFAI AASCTA with a pre-determined primary and secondary endpoint and
performance goals to evaluate the performance of the EFAI AASCTA in identifying positive
findings  of  aortic  dissection (AD)  or  aortic intramural hematoma (IMH) from  chest or
chest-abdomen CTA scans on a validation dataset of 380 CTA studies (156 positives and 224
negatives) consecutively collected in the United States. None of the studies was used as part of
the EFAI AASCTA model development or analytical validation testing.

The study population contained 51.58% females and 48.42% males, and the mean age of cases
was 62.90 years. The CT scanner manufacturers of images were acquired from Philips, Toshiba,
Siemens, GE, and others. Confounding cases in the dataset include possible confounders as
follows: Artifact, Limited Field, Atherosclerotic Disease, Aortic Aneurysm, Arterial Dissection,
and Vessel Disease.

The presence of AD or IMH in each case was determined independently by three U.S.
board-certified radiologists, and the reference standard (ground truth) was generated by the
majority agreement between the three experts. The performance acceptance criteria were set such
that the lower bounds of 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of both sensitivity and specificity should
exceed 0.8.

The observed results of the standalone performance validation study demonstrated that EFAI
AASCTA by itself, in the absence of any interaction with a clinician, can provide case-level
notifications with features suggestive of positive findings (AD or IMH) with satisfactory results.
The EFAI AASCTA was  able  to demonstrate  sensitivity and  specificity of 0.929 (95%
CI=0.878-0.960) and 0.915 (95% CI=0.871-0.945) respectively, which is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device (BriefCase, K222329). The secondary endpoint of the observed system
processing time per study  is 37.86 seconds (95% CI=35.22-40.50) on average and was
comparable with the predicate device (38 seconds).
EFAI AASCTA Traditional 510(k)
                                          4

EVER
       F9RTUNE. AI

In addition, the results of the subgroup analysis, which included different genders, age groups,
CT manufacturer groups, and CT slice thickness groups, demonstrated that EFAI AASCTA
consistently performed high performance, underscoring its reliability and effectiveness across
diverse subgroups. We also evaluated the device's performance in cases with image quality issues
(including  Artifact and  Limited  Field) and accompanying  radiologic  findings  (including
Atherosclerotic Disease, Aortic Aneurysm, Arterial Dissection, and Vessel Disease) to assess the
impact of these potential confounders. The device consistently performed reliably across these
circumstances. Furthermore, our analysis of the device's ability to identify specific characteristics
of positive findings, including their type, Stanford classification, and location, revealed that
EFAI AASCTA maintains stable performance. In conclusion, the results demonstrate that the
EFAI AASCTA device is determined to be substantially equivalent in safety and effectiveness to
the predicate device, BriefCase.


8.    Safety & Effectiveness

EFAI AASCTA has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part
820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with
ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices. The
EFAI AASCTA performance has been validated using retrospective data from case data and
through the use of Reader comparison analysis.


9.    Conclusion

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, the EFAI AASCTA raises no new
questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in
terms of safety, efficacy, and performance.


EFAI AASCTA Traditional 510(k)
                                          5