September 27, 2024


BunkerHill Health
℅ Nitya Narayanan
Director of Regulatory Affairs
436 Bryant Street
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94107


Re: K240369
    Trade/Device Name: CAC (gated) Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: August 23, 2024
    Received: August 26, 2024


Dear Nitya Narayanan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240369 - Nitya Narayanan                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K240369 - Nitya Narayanan                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                  Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K240369                                                           I
Device Name
 CAC (gated) Algorithm

Indications for Use (Describe)

 CAC (gated)  is a software device intended for use in estimating presence and quantity of coronary
 artery calcium for patients aged 30 years and above. The device automatically analyzes noncontrast electrocardiogram (ECG) gated cardiac computed tomography (CT) images collected and
 outputs the segmentation (intended for informational purposes only) and quantification of detected
 calcium.

 The output of the subject device is made available to the physician on-demand as part of his or her
 standard workflow. The device-generated quantification can be viewed in the patient report at the
 discretion of the physician, and the physician also has the option of viewing the device-generated
 calcium segmentation  in a diagnostic image viewer. The subject device output in no way replaces
 the original patient report or the original cardiac CT scan; both are still available to be viewed and
 used at the discretion of the physician.

 The device is intended to provide information to the physician to provide assistance during review of
 the patient's case. Results of the subject device are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
 and are solely intended to aid and provide information to the physician. In all cases, further action
 taken on a patient should only come at the recommendation of the physician after further reviewing
 the patient's results.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(K) SUMMARY
BunkerHill Health Inc.’s CAC (gated) Device

BunkerHill Health Inc.
436 Bryant Street
San Francisco CA 94107
Phone: (650) 842-0198
Contact Person: Nishith Khandwala
Date Prepared: September 18, 2024
Proposed Device
“Regulatoy owes
Predicate Device(s)
“Regulatory m5
“Regulatory O55
Device Description

Bunkerhill CAC (gated) is a software as a medical device (SaMD) product that interfaces with

compatible and commercially available CT systems. Bunkerhill CAC (gated) localizes, quantifies,
BunkerHill, Inc. Traditional 510(k)-- iCAC Device

and categorizes coronary artery calcification in non-contrast, electrocardiogram (ECG) gated,

chest CT studies. The core features of the product are:

e Categorization of the coronary artery calcium burden in the form of a range of Agatston
scores. Calcium score groupings are defined as one of the four following ranges of Agatston
units:

a. Group 1: 0 Agatston units

b. Group 2: 1-99 Agatston units

c. Group 3: 100-399 Agatston units
d. Group 4: 400+ Agatston units

e Quantification of the overall coronary artery calcium burden in the form of an exact Agatston
Score.

e Quantification of each coronary artery’s (left main (LCA), left anterior descending (LAD), left
circumflex (LCX), and right coronary artery (RCA)) calcium burden in the form of an exact
Agatston score.

e Localization of estimated calcium burden in the form of a CAC segmentation applied to a
copy of the original CT scan (intended for informational purposes only).

Intended Use / Indications for Use

CAC (gated) is a software device intended for use in estimating presence and quantity of coronary
artery calcium for patients aged 30 years and above. The device automatically analyzes non-contrast
electrocardiogram (ECG) gated chest computed tomography (CT) images collected and outputs the
segmentation (intended for informational purposes only) and quantification of detected calcium.

The output of the subject device is made available to the physician on-demand as part of his or her
standard workflow. The device-generated quantification can be viewed in the patient report at the
discretion of the physician, and the physician also has the option of viewing the device-generated
calcium segmentation in a diagnostic image viewer. The subject device output in no way replaces the
original patient report or the original ECG-gated cardiac CT scan; both are still available to be viewed
and used at the discretion of the physician.

The device is intended to provide information to the physician to provide assistance during review of
the patient’s case. Results of the subject device are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
and are solely intended to aid and provide information to the physician. In all cases, further action
taken on a patient should only come at the recommendation of the physician after further reviewing
the patient's results.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

e Both the predicate and the subject device use deep-learning algorithms to identify the
presence of coronary artery calcium deposits and quantify calcium burden in adult patients.

e Both devices analyze computed tomography (CT) images that are sent to the software in
DICOM format.

e Both the predicate and the subject device quantify the calcium burden of the coronary arteries.

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

e Both devices serve as support tools to provide information to the physician. However, they do
not replace clinical evaluation and do not alter the standard of care.
e Both devices segment the calcium area on an image and generate a report.
A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.
SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON TABLE
Characteristic Subject Device -CAC | Primary Predicate Device: | Secondary Predicate | Summary
(gated) algorithm Imbio Inc’s CAC SW | Device: iCAC (K230223)
(K230112)
Intended Use / CAC (gated) is a software Imbio CAC Software is iCAC is a software device | Same: Both primary and
Indications for Use device intended for use in intended for use as a non- intended for use in | secondary predicates are
estimating presence and invasive post-processing estimating presence and | non-invasive postquantity of coronary artery software to evaluate quantity of coronary artery | processing SW to evaluate
calcium for patients aged calcified plaques in the calcium for patients aged 30 | calcified plaque in coronary
30 years and above. The coronary arteries, which years and above during | arteries. Both use CT
device automatically present a risk for coronary routine care. The device | images. Similar to primary
analyzes non-contrast artery disease. Imbio CAC. automatically analyzes non- | predicate device, CAC
electrocardiogram (ECG) Software uses machine gated, chest computed | (gated) outputs a summary
gated chest computed learning to analyze thoracic | tomography (CT) images | report containing Agatston
tomography (CT) images CT images and outputs a collected during routine | score, i.e. the calcification
collected and outputs the summary report containing | care and outputs a visual | burden for the whole heart
segmentation (intended for | Agatston score, arterial representation of estimated | and at individual coronary
informational purposes age, and calcified lesion coronary artery calcium | artery level. Annotated
only) and quantification of mass and volume metrics segmentation (intended for | images previewing the
detected calcium. of the calcification burden informational purposes | segmentation of
for the whole heart and only) and both exact and | calcifications is provided for
The output of the subject individual coronary artery four-category quantitative | information purposes. Both
device is made available to | level. Additionally, Imbio estimates of the patient’s | subject and predicates are
the physician on-demand CAC Software outputs coronary artery calcium | not intended to be used on
as part of his or her annotated images burden in Agatston units. a stand-alone basis.
standard workflow. The previewing the
device-generated segmentation of The output of the subject
quantification can be calcifications for device is made available to
viewed in the patient report | informational purposes the physician on-demand as
at the discretion of the only. Imbio CAC Software part of his or her standard
physician, and the is limited to the workflow. The  devicephysician also has the quantification of detected generated calcium score or
option of viewing the possible calcifications in score group can be viewed
device-generated calcium adult patients = 29 years of | in the patient report at the
segmentation in a age. It does not diagnose discretion of the physician,
diagnostic image viewer. coronary artery disease. and the physician also has
The subject device output The device output will be the option of viewing the
in no way replaces the available to the users as device-generated calcium
original patient report or the | part of the standard DICOM | segmentation in a
original ECG-gated cardiac | viewing workflow. The diagnostic image viewer.
CT scan; both are still Imbio CAC Software results | The subject device output in
available to be viewed and _ | are not intended to be used | no way replaces the original
on a stand-alone basis for patient report or the original
BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

Characteristic Subject Device -CAC | Primary Predicate Device: | Secondary Predicate | Summary
(gated) algorithm Imbio Inc’s CAC SW | Device: iCAC (K230223)
(K230112)
used at the discretion of the | clinical decision-making or ECG-gated cardiac CT
physician. otherwise preclude clinical scan; both are still available
assessment of CT images. | to be viewed and used at
The device is intended to the discretion of the
provide information to the physician.
physician to provide
assistance during review of The device is intended to
the patient's case. Results provide information to the
of the subject device are physician to provide
not intended to be used on assistance during review of
a stand-alone basis and are the patient's case. Results
solely intended to aid and of the subject device are
provide information to the not intended to be used on
physician. In all cases, a stand-alone basis and are
further action taken on a solely intended to aid and
patient should only come at provide information to the
the recommendation of the physician. In all cases,
physician after further further action taken on a
reviewing the patient's patient should only come at
results. the recommendation of the
physician after further
reviewing the patient's
results.
Type of Interpretation | Adjunctive information Adjunctive information Adjunctive information
Intended User Interpreting physicians Interpreting physicians Interpreting physicians
Patient population Patients aged 30 years and | Patients above the age of | Patients aged 30 years and | Same
above 29 above
Intended location Medical facility Medical facility Medical facility
Agatston units Agatston units Agatston units
Regulation number 21 CFR §892.1750 21 CFR §892.1750 21 CFR §892.1750
Modality Computed tomography (CT) | Computed tomography (CT) | Computed tomography (CT)
Image format DICOM DICOM DICOM
Supported CT scan Cardiac gated CT scan Non-cardiac-gated and | Non-cardiac-gated CT scan | Similar. Primary predicate
cardiac gated CT scan is for both gated and nongated scans, therefore
BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

Characteristic Subject Device -CAC | Primary Predicate Device: | Secondary Predicate | Summary
(gated) algorithm Imbio Inc’s CAC SW | Device: iCAC (K230223)
(K230112)
subject device which works
on gated scans is a subset.
Note: Secondary predicate
iCAC clearance (K230223)
works on non-gated scans.
Slice thickness Up to 3mm Up to 3mm Up to 5mm
Default threshold of | 130 HU (Hounsfield Units) 130 HU (Hounsfield Units) 130 HU (Hounsfield Units) Same
calcium
Coronary artery | CAC detection category CAC detection category CAC detection category | Same
calcification (based on Agatston score), | (based on Agatston score), | (based on Agatston score),
quantification method | exact Agatston score including vessel specific exact Agatston score
including vessel specific Agatston scores
Agatston scores.
Main image quality DICOM DICOM DICOM
Annotation of detected | Yes Yes Yes Same
calcium
Generate patient | Optional to copy result to | Optional to copy result to | Optional to copy result to | Same
report clipboard, insert in report, | clipboard, insert in report, | clipboard, insert in report,
DICOM Secondary Capture | DICOM Secondary Capture | DICOM Secondary Capture
Report of the calcium | Yes, Coronary Calcium | Yes, Coronary Calcium | Yes, Coronary Calcium | Similar, CAC (gated)
score Detection Category and | Detection Category Detection Category and | provides 4-category
exact Agatston score. exact Agatston score. estimates whereas primary
5 categories predicate provides 5
4 categories (for detection 4 categories (for detection | categories. Currently
category): category): cleared iCAC (secondary
predicate) has 4-categories
° 0 e 0 similar to the subject
device.
e 1-99 e 1-99
e 100-399 e 100-399
e 2400 e 2400
Figure 1: SE Table
BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device

Performance Data

Safety and performance of the CAC (gated) Device has been evaluated and verified in accordance
with software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development
and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions”-June 2023.

The CAC (gated) Device performance was validated in a stand-alone retrospective study for overall
agreement of the device output compared to the established ground truth. The pivotal testing dataset
consisted of gated CT studies from six (6) geographically diverse sites. The sample included adequate
representation from each coronary calcium detection category. The CAC (gated) Device’s overall
agreement was determined by comparing the device output coronary calcium detection category to
the ground truth coronary calcium detection category.

The primary endpoint was to evaluate the cardiovascular disease risk category across all cases
between the subject device and the ground truth. Primary acceptance criteria for the pivotal testing
study was defined as Cohen’s weighted kappa for the 4-category score group assessment of at least
0.90. The BunkerHill device demonstrated a Cohen’s weighted kappa of 0.972 (95%Cl 0.958, 0.987)
thus exceeding the primary acceptance criteria for the pivotal testing study.

Conclusions

The CAC (gated) Device is as safe and effective as the predicate devices (Imbio’s CAC Software
K230112 and iCAC device K230223). The CAC (gated) Device has the same intended uses and
similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device.
The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do not
affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, the minor technological
differences between the CAC (gated) Device and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety
or effectiveness.

BunkerHill Health Inc. Traditional 510(k)—CAC (gated) Device