October 7, 2024
Philips Ultrasound LLC
Michael Chambers
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
Bothell, WA 98021


Re: K240980
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH, OBJ
    Dated: April 10, 2024
    Received: August 19, 2024


Dear Michael Chambers:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K240980 - Michael Chambers                                                           Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K240980 - Michael Chambers                                                           Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                         Yanna S. Kang -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K240980
Device Name
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and
surgeon with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure
uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
4} Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: K240980

Date Prepared: August 16, 2024


       I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and        Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information         Mike Chambers
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                  +1 (315) 262-7702

       Secondary Contact             Erdit Gremi
                                             Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Philips Ultrasound LLC
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 798-8092

       II.     Device

         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Regulation Description       Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                  Primary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,
                                                                   892.1550      IYN
                                            ultrasonic
                                 Secondary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed echo,
                                                                   892.1560      IYO
                                            ultrasonic
                                      Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic  892.1570       ITX
                                   Automated Radiological Image
                                                                   892.2050      QIH
                                     Processing Software
                                        Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200     OBJ


        Device Class                Class II

       Review Panel                Radiology

        Predicate Device            K233788; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

        Reference Devices          K213544; TOMTEC-ARENA, TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH
                                   K200974; QLAB Advanced Quantification Software

III.     Device Description

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the 3D Auto TV (Tricuspid
Valve) software application onto the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems.

The 3D Auto TV software enables semi-automated quantification of the tricuspid valve. At a high level,
this is accomplished through automatically derived measurements from a segmented model of the
tricuspid valve annulus formed by the software through model-based segmentation of the acquired
ultrasound images.

The 3D Auto CFQ software provides semi-automated quantification of Mitral Regurgitation (MR) volume
and peak flow rate based on 3D color flow images. This application uses a known fluid dynamic model
of flow that is adapted to the acquired color information. This allows quantitative assessment of mitral
valve leakage during systole. The derived result supports the assessment of mitral regurgitation volume
and peak flow rate.

No hardware changes to the EPIQ systems are required when using the 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ,
and existing, cleared Philips transducer(s) are used for the software applications.

The software applications are supported by all EPIQ models running software version 11.0 or higher
including EPIQ CVx/CVxi, EPIQ Elite Advanced, EPIQ Elite, EPIQ 7, EPIQ 5. The software applications
are both associated with the cardiac adult indication.

IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use

EPIQ Intended Use

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body.

EPIQ Indications for Use:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic  (Neonatal),  Fetal/Obstetric,  Gynecological,  Intraoperative  (Vascular),  Intraoperative
(Cardiac),  intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the introduction
of the 3D Auto TV or 3D Auto CFQ software applications. Both are associated with the Cardiac Adult
indication.

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate

         The purpose of the submission is to introduce the 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ software applications to
           the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System. The subject device is substantially equivalent to the
           predicate device (K233788).

         The following tables provide an overview of the comparison of similarities and differences between the
          proposed device and the predicates. Details are provided in Attachment 005 of the submission.

                    Table 1: Comparison to Predicate for introduction of 3D Auto TV onto EPIQ

                                                TOMTEC-ARENA       QLAB Advanced
            EPIQ Series Diagnostic EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                Feature: 4D CARDIO-     Quantification Software
                Ultrasound System     Ultrasound System
Feature                                                 VIEW              Feature: 3D Auto MV         Comparison
                Feature: 3D Auto TV        K233788
                                                           K213544                K200974
               Proposed Device       Predicate Device
                                                            Reference Device         Reference Device
              Abdominal, Cardiac      Abdominal, Cardiac      Quantification and     QLAB Quantification software   Identical to predicate
                 Adult, Cardiac other      Adult, Cardiac other      reporting of                  is a software application
                  (Fetal), Cardiac            (Fetal), Cardiac          cardiovascular, fetal,     package. It is designed to view
                 Pediatric, Cerebral        Pediatric, Cerebral      and abdominal         and quantify image data
               Vascular, Cephalic       Vascular, Cephalic       structures and functions  acquired on Philips ultrasound
                 (Adult), Cephalic          (Adult), Cephalic          of patients with         systems
                (Neonatal),               (Neonatal),             suspected disease to
                 Fetal/Obstetric,           Fetal/Obstetric,          support the physician in
               Gynecological,           Gynecological,           the diagnosis.
                Intraoperative            Intraoperative
                (Vascular),               (Vascular),
                Intraoperative (Cardiac),  Intraoperative (Cardiac),
                 intra-luminal, intra-        intra-luminal, intraIndications for
               cardiac echo,            cardiac echo,
Use
               Musculoskeletal         Musculoskeletal
                (Conventional),          (Conventional),
               Musculoskeletal         Musculoskeletal
                  (Superficial),               (Superficial),
              Ophthalmic, Other:      Ophthalmic, Other:
               Urology, Pediatric,       Urology, Pediatric,
               Peripheral Vessel, Small Peripheral Vessel, Small
             Organ (Breast, Thyroid,  Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
                 Testicle),                  Testicle),
              Transesophageal       Transesophageal
                (Cardiac), Transrectal,    (Cardiac), Transrectal,
               Transvaginal, Lung.      Transvaginal, Lung.

              Trained healthcare      Trained healthcare      Licensed medical        Trained healthcare              Identical to predicate
                professionals            professionals             practitioners or assistant professionals
                                                             medical technicians
              Intended for             Intended for
              sonographers,          sonographers,
                physicians, and          physicians, and
               biomedical engineers    biomedical engineers
            who operate and       who operate and
               maintain your product.   maintain your product.

Intended
              Before use of the        Before use of the
Users
             system and user        system and user
                information, the user     information, the user
             must be familiar with    must be familiar with
               ultrasound techniques.   ultrasound techniques.
             Sonography training and Sonography training and
                   clinical procedures are    clinical procedures are
               not included in the User  not included in the User
             Manual or with the EPIQ Manual or with the EPIQ
               Series Diagnostic        Series Diagnostic
               Ultrasound System.      Ultrasound System.

TOMTEC-ARENA       QLAB Advanced
            EPIQ Series Diagnostic EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                Feature: 4D CARDIO-     Quantification Software
                Ultrasound System     Ultrasound System
Feature                                                 VIEW              Feature: 3D Auto MV         Comparison
                Feature: 3D Auto TV        K233788
                                                           K213544                K200974
               Proposed Device       Predicate Device
                                                            Reference Device         Reference Device
                  Clinics, hospitals, and     Clinics, hospitals, and    Inside and outside of      Clinics, hospitals, and clinical   Identical to predicate
Intended User  clinical point-of-care for   clinical point-of-care for   Hospitals, Clinics, and    point-of-care for diagnosis of
Environment   diagnosis of patients.    diagnosis of patients.     Physician’s offices        patients.

              Class II                Class II                Class II                Class II                           Identical to predicate
USA FDA
Classification

             IYN                  IYN                 QIH                QIH                              Identical to predicate
Primary
Product Code

            The 3D Auto TV       The predicate EPIQ    4D CARDIO-VIEW is an 3D Auto MV is a semi-          Similar to the reference
               software solution is      Series Diagnostic       advanced analysis tool   automated software            device features.
               intended for use with the Ultrasound System does  for 3D/4D                 application intended for the
                 Philips EPIQ Diagnostic  not currently have a      echocardiography data.  analysis of Mitral Valve (MV)   The functionality and
               Ultrasound Systems.     dedicated software      Anatomical structure    anatomy and function. This     workflow of the 3D Auto
            The software enables    application for             visualization, volume     application generates models  TV software is very
              semi-automated          quantification of the     measurements (LV       of anatomical structures of      similar to the 3D Auto
                 quantification of the       tricuspid valve annulus.  and/or generic), and      interest such as the MV     MV tool, where
                 tricuspid valve. At a high The subject of this        specified or manual      annulus, leaflets, and the      measurement
                  level, this is             submission is to        measurements are       closure line, which allows for   parameters are derived
              accomplished through    introduce the 3D Auto    possible for cardiac       quantification of pre- and post-  from models of the
                automatically derived   TV software onto the     structures including, but  operative valvular function and  mitral valve (in the case
             measurements from a    predicate device.         not limited to, the       a comparison of morphology.   of 3D Auto MV) and
             segmented model of the                              tricuspid valve. Various                                      tricuspid valve (in the
                 tricuspid valve annulus                               tools are available for                               case of 3D Auto TV).
             formed by the software                           rendering that display 2-                           Manual measurements
              through model-based                        and 3-dimensional                                    are also able to be
              segmentation of the                           morphology and                                     performed on both
               acquired ultrasound                                 function for defined                                     software applications.
              images.                                              structures.
                                                                                                      Comparing 3D Auto TV
Application
                                                                                                                                      to 4D CARDIO-VIEW,
Description
                                                                                                                  both software have
                                                                                                                                         functionality for
                                                                                                                               quantifying the tricuspid
                                                                                                                                valve. The proposed 3D
                                                                                                             Auto TV allows for semiautomated
                                                                                                                                        quantification, where the
                                                                                                                       reference device is fully
                                                                                                             manual. As we
                                                                                                               demonstrate high
                                                                                                         agreement in the
                                                                                                    measurement outputs
                                                                                                    on the same patients
                                                                                              when quantified using
                                                                                                                        the proposed 3D Auto
                                                                                       TV software and the
                                                                                                                       reference 4D CARDIOVIEW application, there
                                                                                                                   are no new questions
                                                                                                                           raised of safety or
                                                                                                                                effectiveness.
           3D surface model is    No standard tricuspid   3D surface model is    3D surface model is created    Subject device uses
               created semi-            valve (TV) quantification  created based on user   semi-automatically using        identical method for
                automatically using      parameters included as  defined anatomical      machine learning algorithm     contour generation as
             machine learning         part of the system.       landmarks. User is able  without user interaction. User   the reference device
Contour
               algorithm without user                                to edit the contour of the  is able to edit, accept, or reject K200974. The only
Generation
                 interaction. User is able                           surface model before     the initial landmark proposals   difference is the
                 to edit, accept, or reject                          proceeding with the       of the mitral valve anatomical   algorithm is trained on
               the initial landmark                                workflow.                 locations.                        tricuspid valve images,
               proposals of the mitral                                                                       where the reference

TOMTEC-ARENA       QLAB Advanced
            EPIQ Series Diagnostic EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                Feature: 4D CARDIO-     Quantification Software
                Ultrasound System     Ultrasound System
Feature                                                 VIEW              Feature: 3D Auto MV         Comparison
                Feature: 3D Auto TV        K233788
                                                           K213544                K200974
               Proposed Device       Predicate Device
                                                            Reference Device         Reference Device
               valve anatomical                                                                                      device was trained using
                 locations.                                                                                                             mitral valve images.


             Semi-auto annulus    No standard tricuspid   TAVR results         Standard MV Parameters      Similar. The proposed
               results                  valve (TV) quantification  • Ann-Ost left diam      • AP Diameter (cm)        3D Auto TV software
               • TV Ann Perimeter     parameters included as   • Ann-Ost right diam    • AL-PM Diameter (cm)        allows very similar semi-
                 (3D)                   part of the system.       • Annulus Area          •  Sphericity Index (AP / AL-   automated
               • TV Ann Perimeter                              • Annulus dmin         PM)                     measurements as the
                 (2D)                                            • Annulus dmax         •  Intertrigonal Distance (cm)   reference software
               • TV Ann Max Diam                              • Ao Ring diam          • Commissural Diameter (cm)  application 3D Auto MV,
                 (2D)                                            • Ao SV diam           • D-Shaped Annulus          only applied to the
               • TV Ann Min Diam                               • Ao STJ diam            Perimeter (cm)                tricuspid valve.
                 (2D)                                 Volume results (not     • Annulus Height (cm)
               • TV Ann Perimeter                              related to TV            • Non-planar Angle (degrees) The proposed 3D Auto
                 Derived Diam (2D)                              quantification)          • Tenting Volume (cm3)     TV software adds
               • TV Ann Height (3D)                             • EDV                  • Coaptation Depth (mm)       additional TV annulus
               • TV Ann Area (2D)                               • EF                    • Tenting Area (cm2)        and device                                                                                                     measurements from
            Manual device results                            • ESV                  • Angle AAo-AP (degrees)     those available in 4D
               • TV Ann AP Diam (2D)                          • GenVol               • Maximum Prolapse Height  CARDIO-VIEW to
               • TV Ann SL Diam (2D)                           • Mass               (mm)                          further define the
               • Subvalvular 5 Plane                            • SV                    • Maximum Open Coaptation  tricuspid valve anatomy.
              SL Diam                                                 Gap (mm)
               • Subvalvular 5 Plane                                                     • Maximum Open Coaptation  Both the proposed 3D
            AP Diam                                                            Width (mm)                Auto TV and the
               • Supravalvular C-                                                         •  Anterior Leaflet Area (cm2)   reference 4D CARDIOShaped Perimeter                                                       • Posterior Leaflet Area (cm2) VIEW software allow
               • Supravalvular AV -                                                       •  Distal Anterior Leaflet Angle  manual, free-form
Measurement    AoCenter Diam                                                          (degrees)                measurements of the
s Performed                                                                               • Posterior Leaflet Angle       tricuspid valve.
                                                                                          (degrees)
                                                                                           •  Anterior Leaflet Length (cm)
                                                                                           • Posterior Leaflet Length
                                                                                     (cm)
                                                                                           • C-Shaped Annulus (cm)
                                                                 2D MV Parameters
                                                                                           • D-Shaped Annulus Area
                                                                                   (cm2)
                                                                                           • Annulus Area (cm2)
                                                                                           •  Anterior Closure Line
                                                                                   Length (cm)
                                                                                           • Posterior Closure Line
                                                                                   Length (cm)
                                                                 3D MV Parameters
                                                                                           • Saddle Shaped Annulus
                                                                                 Area (cm2)
                                                                                           • Saddle Shaped Annulus
                                                                                        Perimeter (cm)
                                                                                           • Total Open Coaptation Area
                                                                                   (cm2)
                                                                                           •  Anterior Closure Line
                                                                                   Length (cm)
                                                                                           • Posterior Closure Line
                                                                                   Length (cm)

Table 2: Comparison to Predicate for introduction of 3D Auto CFQ onto EPIQ

                                                        QLAB Advanced Quantification
                  EPIQ Series Diagnostic        EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                                       Software
                      Ultrasound System             Ultrasound System
    Feature                                                                            Feature: 3D Auto MV            Comparison
                      Feature: 3D Auto CFQ               K233788
                                                                               K200974
                    Proposed Device               Predicate Device
                                                                                 Reference Device
                 Abdominal, Cardiac Adult,        Abdominal, Cardiac Adult,      QLAB Quantification software is a Identical to predicate
                 Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac     Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac     software application package. It
                    Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,       Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,        is designed to view and quantify
                 Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic        Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic       image data acquired on Philips
                   (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,        (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,        ultrasound systems
                  Gynecological, Intraoperative     Gynecological, Intraoperative
                   (Vascular), Intraoperative          (Vascular), Intraoperative
                   (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-      (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intraIndications for
                  cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal     cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal
     Use
                  (Conventional), Musculoskeletal   (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
                     (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other:   (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other:
                  Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral     Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral
                  Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,      Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
                  Thyroid, Testicle),                 Thyroid, Testicle),
                Transesophageal (Cardiac),      Transesophageal (Cardiac),
                   Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.   Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

                 Trained healthcare professionals  Trained healthcare professionals  Trained healthcare professionals   Identical

                 Intended for sonographers,       Intended for sonographers,
                   physicians, and biomedical        physicians, and biomedical
                 engineers who operate and       engineers who operate and
                  maintain your product.            maintain your product.

 Intended Users  Before use of the system and     Before use of the system and
                 user information, the user must    user information, the user must
               be familiar with ultrasound       be familiar with ultrasound
                  techniques. Sonography training   techniques. Sonography training
               and clinical procedures are not   and clinical procedures are not
                  included in the User Manual or    included in the User Manual or
                   with the EPIQ Series Diagnostic   with the EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                 Ultrasound System.              Ultrasound System.
                     Clinics, hospitals, and clinical      Clinics, hospitals, and clinical      Clinics, hospitals, and clinical      Identical
 Intended User   point-of-care for diagnosis of       point-of-care for diagnosis of       point-of-care for diagnosis of
 Environment   patients.                            patients.                            patients.

                 Class II                        Class II                        Class II                             Identical
  USA FDA
 Classification

               IYN                         IYN                       QIH                                 Identical to predicate
Primary Product
    Code

             3D Auto CFQ is a new semi-     The Proximal Isovelocity Surface  3D Auto MV is a semi-automated  Similar. The predicate device
                automated quantification software Area (PISA) methodology can be  software application intended for   facilitates the quantification of
                which will be introduced on the   used currently on the predicate    the analysis of Mitral Valve (MV)   mitral regurgitation volume
              EPIQ Ultrasound Systems from   device to quantify valvular       anatomy and function. This      and peak flow rate through a
                  software version VM11.0. The     regurgitation. The technique       application generates models of   group of measurements which
                   application provides semi-          utilizes 2D/Color and Doppler     anatomical structures of interest   are performed in a cascading
                automated quantification of Mitral images to allow the user to make  such as the MV annulus, leaflets,  fashion manually by the user
                  Regurgitation (MR) volume and    simple, manual measurements in  and the closure line, which allows according to the Proximal
  Application
               peak flow rate by analyzing 3D   a cascading fashion to allow        for quantification of pre- and post- Isovelocity Surface Area
  Description
                   color flow images acquired during calculation of peak flow rate and   operative valvular function and a  (PISA) methodology. The
                 transesophageal                  volumetric regurgitation.         comparison of morphology.       proposed 3D Auto CFQ
                 echocardiography (TEE)                                                                           software application allows
                  examinations.                                                                                       the users to quantify the same
                                                                                                   measurements for mitral
                                                                                                                                regurgitation volume and peak
                                                                                                                            flow rate but in a semiautomated workflow.

QLAB Advanced Quantification
                 EPIQ Series Diagnostic        EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                                      Software
                      Ultrasound System             Ultrasound System
    Feature                                                                            Feature: 3D Auto MV            Comparison
                      Feature: 3D Auto CFQ               K233788
                                                                               K200974
                   Proposed Device               Predicate Device
                                                                                Reference Device

                                                                                              The reference device does not
                                                                                                                      contain functionality for
                                                                                                                                 quantification of mitral
                                                                                                                                   regurgitation.


             3D surface model is created     No standard contour generation  3D surface model is created       Subject device uses identical
                  semi-automatically using         technology for the mitral valve,    semi-automatically using        method for contour generation
               machine learning algorithm        outside of 3D Auto MV, included  machine learning algorithm       as the reference device
   Contour
                  without user interaction. User is   as part of the system.             without user interaction. User is   K200974
  Generation
                 able to edit, accept, or reject the                                    able to edit, accept, or reject the
                         initial landmark proposals of the                                                    initial landmark proposals of the
                    mitral valve anatomical locations.                                        mitral valve anatomical locations.
              The 3D Auto CFQ algorithm     The PISA methodology uses     N/A – does not contain             Similar. The predicate device
                   quantifies mitral regurgitation      sequential acquisitions and       technology for mitral regurgitation  utilizes the PISA methodology
               volume and flow rate from       manual measurements, which     quantification                         for quantifying MR volume
                 acquired 3D color flow images.    are manually performed by the                               and flow rate. This
              The greyscale information from    user:                                                       methodology utilizes
                 these images is used to generate                                                                      sequential measurements
               a 3D model of the mitral valve,    • MR Alias Velocity (from the                                   performed by the user and is
                which is used as an input along      2D/Color)                                               based on assumptions
                  with the 3D color data into the 3D  • MR Radius (from the 2D/Color)                                     including there being a single,
                Auto CFQ flow algorithm. The 3D  • MR Vmax (from the continuous                                  round, constant flow orifice
                Auto CFQ algorithm uses a fluid    wave doppler)                                                   during the entire systole.
               dynamic model of an              • MR VTI (from the continuous
                 incompressible fluid (blood)        wave doppler)                                     3D Auto CFQ operates using
                   traveling through an irregular-                                                    3D color to address the spatial
               shaped (i.e., nonround) orifice. In The outputs of these                                                complexities seen in mitral
                        its initial step, the algorithm      measurements go into the                                              regurgitation and was
                generates a hypothetical model   equations for the derived                                       developed to evaluate the
                   of true blood flow velocities in the measurements including:                                              regurgitant flow at every frame
                 proximal convergence zone                                                                                         in systole, where the PISA
               based on all measured Doppler    •  Mitral Regurgitant (MR) Flow                                 methodology only assesses
                    velocities and the underlying fluid    Rate                                                  one frame during systole and
               dynamics model. The true         • MR Effective Regurgitant                                 assumes this frame applies
                   velocity model is then converted                                                                  across systole.                                                            Orifice (ERO)
                    into the corresponding apparent Quantification                                    • MR Volume
                Doppler velocity model                                                               The proposed 3D Auto CFQ
Technology for
                   (“synthetic apparent velocities”)                                                                     software application allows
     Mitral
                 using ultrasound physics                                                                             the users to quantify the same
 Regurgitation
                   (projection along the axial                                                                measurements for mitral
                 dimension). These synthetic                                                                                regurgitation volume and peak
                    velocities are subsequently                                                                              flow rate as PISA. The
               compared to the acquired                                                                  dynamic flow algorithm is the
                    velocities in the Color Flow (CF)                                                     new technology introduced in
                 data set. Based on the outcome                                                                                   this submission. Everything
                   of this comparison, the model is                                                                      leading up to the calculations
                updated and reiterated to get                                                                by the dynamic flow model are
                 the best fit between the acquired                                                                            existing and cleared, including
                    velocities and the generated                                                                         the transducer and imaging
                model. 3D Auto CFQ determines                                                     modes (X8-2t transducer; 3D
                 the resulting regurgitant flow rate                                                        Zoom, Full Volume 3D, or Live
                     for this frame. This process is                                                                 3D; K163120), and software
                repeated for each frame included                                                                                  for mitral valve model
                     in the analysis, which in most                                                                       generation (reference device
               cases includes the entire systolic                                                              K200974). The dynamic flow
                   cycle. In each frame, the size and                                                          model of the 3D Auto CFQ
               shape of the                                                                                       software application uses
                   regurgitant orifice is not assumed                                                                 these as inputs to arrive at the
                 but is generated by this iterative                                                                     outputs of mitral regurgitation
                 loop between the model and the                                                            volume and peak flow rate.
            CF data.                                                                            These outputs are the same
                                                                                                       as in the predicate, only the
                                                                                                  method to arrive at the

QLAB Advanced Quantification
                 EPIQ Series Diagnostic        EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                                      Software
                     Ultrasound System             Ultrasound System
   Feature                                                                            Feature: 3D Auto MV            Comparison
                      Feature: 3D Auto CFQ               K233788
                                                                              K200974
                   Proposed Device               Predicate Device
                                                                                Reference Device
                                                                                                   measurements differs in the
                                                                                                                        subject device.


               3D9-3V, C5-1, C8-5, C9-2, C10-  3D9-3V, C5-1, C8-5, C9-2, C10-  The 3D Auto MV software          Identical. There are no new
                3V, C10-4ec, D2cwc, D2tcd,      3V, C10-4ec, D2cwc, D2tcd,       application is compatible with the  transducers introduced in this
               D5cwc, eL18-4, eL18-4 EMT,     D5cwc, eL18-4, eL18-4 EMT,      following transducers: X7-2t, X8-  510(k).
                 L12-3, L12-3 ERGO, L12-5 50,    L12-3, L12-3 ERGO, L12-5 50,     2t, X11-4t
                  L15-7io, L18-5, mC7-2, mC12-3,  L15-7io, L18-5, mC7-2, mC12-3,                             The 3D Auto CFQ software
               mL26-8, S5-1, S7-3t, S8-3, S8-3t, mL26-8, S5-1, S7-3t, S8-3, S8-3t,                                     application can analyze
                 S9-2, S12-4, V6-2, V9-2, VL12-5,  S9-2, S12-4, V6-2, V9-2, VL12-5,                                 transesophageal
                 X5-1, X5-1c, X6-1, X7-2, X7-2t,   X5-1, X5-1c, X6-1, X7-2, X7-2t,                                   echocardiography (TEE)
                  X8-2t, X11-4t, XL14-3             X8-2t, X11-4t, XL14-3                                        images acquired by the
                                                                                                                    cleared X8-2t transducer
              The 3D Auto CFQ software                                                                      (K163120), which is already
                  application can analyze                                                                          commercially available and
                transesophageal                                                                                 compatible with the EPIQ
                echocardiography (TEE) images                                                                  Ultrasound System.
 Compatible
                 acquired by the cleared X8-2t
 transducers
                 transducer (K163120), which is                                                              There are no impacts to the
                 already commercially available                                                                             indications for use or intended
              and compatible with the EPIQ                                                              use of the X8-2t transducer
                Ultrasound System.                                                               when used for the purposes of
                                                                                                                        acquiring images for analysis
                                                                                                       by the 3D Auto CFQ software
                                                                                                                                 application. The 3D Auto CFQ
                                                                                                                   software application requires
                                                                                                     images to be acquired in
                                                                                                                                  either 3D Zoom, Full Volume
                                                                                                         3D, or Live 3D imaging
                                                                                                   modes. There are no changes
                                                                                                                                   to these existing transducer
                                                                                                             imaging modes.
               Semi-automated measurements   Derived measurements which the Standard MV Parameters         Similar. The measurements
                performed by the 3D Auto CFQ   user can obtain through the PISA  • AP Diameter (cm)             performed by the proposed
                 software application:            methodology include:             • AL-PM Diameter (cm)       3D Auto CFQ software
                                                                                     •  Sphericity Index (AP / AL-PM)   application can also be
                   Mitral regurgitation (MR) volume   Mitral regurgitation (MR) volume   •  Intertrigonal Distance (cm)      obtained by a user on the
                  [mL];                              [mL];                             • Commissural Diameter (cm)    predicate device.
              Peak flow rate [mL/s]           Peak flow rate [mL/s]              • D-Shaped Annulus Perimeter
                                                                                                                        Substantiation of the                                                                                (cm)
                                                                                                           performance of the 3D Auto
                                                                                     • Annulus Height (cm)        CFQ software’s regurgitant
                                                                                     • Non-planar Angle (degrees)    volume output was performed
                                                                                     • Tenting Volume (cm3)         by comparison to cardiac
                                                                                     • Coaptation Depth (mm)        magnetic resonance imaging
                                                                                     • Tenting Area (cm2)          (CMR) images with
                                                                                     • Angle AAo-AP (degrees)       acceptance criteria of
Measurements                                                                      • Maximum Prolapse Height     agreement within the limits of
  Performed                                                                                                agreement. While the PISA                                                                    (mm)
                                                                                                         methodology is a widely                                                                                     • Maximum Open Coaptation
                                                                                                           accepted method for mitral
                                                                Gap (mm)
                                                                                                                               regurgitation quantification
                                                                                     • Maximum Open Coaptation                                                                                                  and is a recommended
                                                                               Width (mm)                                                                                                 method by the American
                                                                                     •  Anterior Leaflet Area (cm2)                                                                                                                     Society of Echocardiography,
                                                                                     • Posterior Leaflet Area (cm2)                                                                                                                     the outputs from 3D Auto CFQ
                                                                                     •  Distal Anterior Leaflet Angle    were compared to those from
                                                                                    (degrees)             CMR (as opposed to PISA) as
                                                                                     • Posterior Leaflet Angle         the former is considered a
                                                                                    (degrees)                     gold standard for mitral
                                                                                     •  Anterior Leaflet Length (cm)     regurgitation quantification.
                                                                                     • Posterior Leaflet Length (cm)
                                                                                     • C-Shaped Annulus (cm)       Acceptance criteria for 3D
                                                             2D MV Parameters             Auto CFQ was based on

QLAB Advanced Quantification
              EPIQ Series Diagnostic        EPIQ Series Diagnostic
                                                                                   Software
                  Ultrasound System             Ultrasound System
Feature                                                                            Feature: 3D Auto MV            Comparison
                  Feature: 3D Auto CFQ               K233788
                                                                           K200974
                Proposed Device               Predicate Device
                                                                             Reference Device
                                                                                 • D-Shaped Annulus Area (cm2) agreement with CMR being
                                                                                 • Annulus Area (cm2)             within predefined maximum
                                                                                 •  Anterior Closure Line Length    limits of agreement.
                                                                            (cm)
                                                                                 • Posterior Closure Line Length   In addition to regurgitant
                                                                            (cm)                         volume, the peak flow rate
                                                          3D MV Parameters               output of 3D Auto CFQ was
                                                                                 • Saddle Shaped Annulus Area   validated in comparison to
                                                                           (cm2)                     manual PISA method, where
                                                                                 • Saddle Shaped Annulus        the correlation was very high.
                                                                                Perimeter (cm)
                                                                                 • Total Open Coaptation Area   The reference device
                                                                                            K200974 facilitates                                                                           (cm2)
                                                                                                             anatomical measurements of                                                                                 •  Anterior Closure Line Length
                                                                                                                  the mitral valve from the                                                                            (cm)
                                                                                                         generated model of the mitral                                                                                 • Posterior Closure Line Length                                                                                                                 valve but does not perform
                                                                            (cm)                                                                                                measurements for quantifying
                                                                                                                                 mitral regurgitation.


         VI.     Safety Considerations

       The proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System, including 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ
        software applications, and compatible transducers are  all Track 3 Devices and comply with the
        referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document, Guidance for Industry and
      FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers, issued in
        February 2023.

          VII.    Nonclinical Performance Data

       The proposed modification  of the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was tested  in
       accordance with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per the
         following standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:
            •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
            •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

         Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
        provided to support the introduction of the subject 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ software applications.
       The activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision included, but are
        not limited to, the following:
            •   Requirements Review
            •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
            •   Product Specification Review
            •   Design Reviews

         Non-clinical testing also included the Performance Validation Study for the proposed 3D Auto TV and
      3D Auto CFQ software applications.

        For 3D Auto TV, a study was conducted to evaluate the automation performance of the 3D Auto TV
        software, where transthoracic and transesophageal echocardiography (TTE, TEE) cardiac clips were
       used for TV annulus measurements by 3 clinical experts (reviewers) with the use of 3D Auto TV
        software and the results compared to manual measurements by the same reviewers performed within
      4D Cardio-View application (K213544), used as a ground truth for the study. Subjects whose clips

contributed to the study represented a broad range of demographics, body habitus, and their severity
of tricuspid regurgitation were representative of the intended population. The results of the primary
endpoint analysis demonstrated high agreement of the automated performance of the 3D Auto TV
software with the 4D Cardio-View software (ground truth). Confidence intervals for the limits of
agreement were within the acceptance criteria ± 46% and ± 52% for annulus size and annulus shape,
respectively, within TEE and TTE arms. Bias was also evaluated for automation performance, where
relative bias based on inter-observer variability was met, specifically within +/- 17.37% for distance
(size) and +/- 23.68% for circumference (shape). The accuracy and precision of the underlying
measurement primitives were also evaluated through use of in silico phantoms with known dimensions.
Mean relative error of the measurement primitives on the in-silico phantoms were within +/- 1%, with
limits of agreement within acceptance criteria of +/- 5%.

For 3D Auto CFQ, a study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the 3D Auto CFQ software.
The results were compared to cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) regurgitant volume (RVol),
used as a ground truth for the study. This study produced limits of agreement (LoA) of -49.29 (lower
LoA) and 25.09 (upper LoA) and associated confidence intervals: lower end of 95% LoA (-58.37,-40.20)
and upper end of 95% LoA (16.01,34.18). The acceptance criteria set for the study was defined as
maximum allowable difference (Δ) of 61.6ml. Based on the results of the study, the lower end of the
95% CI for LoA was -58.37 and the upper end of the 95% CI for LoA was 34.18, therefore the primary
endpoint acceptance  criteria for maximum allowable difference were met. In addition, bias was
assessed where the acceptance criteria for mean difference (bias) within +/- 19.2ml was met. Further,
the peak regurgitant flow output from 3D Auto CFQ was also validated against 2D PISA methodology
on the same subjects. For both fully-automated and semi-automated 3D Auto CFQ, the upper and lower
bounds of the 95% confidence interval for Pearson’s correlation exceeded the acceptance criteria of >
0.8 when compared to 2D PISA. All acceptance criteria for the studies were met, and the results of the
study demonstrated clinically reasonable, relevant, meaningful performance of the 3D Auto CFQ
software supporting clinicians’ assessment of mitral valve regurgitant volume during cardiac TEE exam.

Since these are software-only changes and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with
3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ. The transducer patient contact materials and manufacturing processes
are not impacted by the release of the subject EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with 3D
Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ.


VIII.    Clinical Data

There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound Systems with 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ software applications.


IX.      Sterilization

Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.


X.     Conclusion

Results of the testing shows that the proposed subject device meets its intended use support a
determination that the proposed subject device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications
for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and effectiveness.