July 17, 2024

Microstructure Imaging, Inc.
℅ Michelle Rubin-Onur
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd, Suite 120
South San Francisco, California 94080

Re: K241121
    Trade/Device Name: MICSI-RMT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: April 23, 2024
    Received: April 23, 2024

Dear Michelle Rubin-Onur:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241121 - Michelle Rubin-Onur                                                         Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241121                                                             I
Device Name
I MICSI-RMT

Indications for Use (Describe)
 MICSI-RMT is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI
 images.  It can be used to reduce image noise for head MRI.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K241121


                                    510(k) Summary

Contact Details                                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
 Applicant Name                        Microstructure Imaging, Inc.
 Applicant Address                  370 Jay St, 7th Floor
                                      Brooklyn NY 11201 United States
 Applicant Contact                    Gregory Lemberskiy, PhD
 Applicant Contact Email               gregory.lemberskiy@micsi.com
 Correspondent Name              Enzyme Corporation
 Correspondent Address             611 Gateway Blvd, Suite 120
                                   South San Francisco CA 94080 United States
 Correspondent Contact Telephone      (415) 579-1152
 Correspondent Contact                 Michelle Rubin-Onur, PhD
 Correspondent Contact Email         mrubinonur@enzyme.com
 Date                                   July 16, 2024

Device Name                                               21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name               MICSI-RMT
 Common Name                      Medical image management and processing system
 Classification Name                  System, Image Processing, Radiological
 Regulation Number                  892.2050
 Product Code(s)                  LLZ

Legally Marketed Predicate Device                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
 Predicate #                   Predicate Trade Name        Product Code
 K191688                   SubtleMR                 LLZ

Device Description Summary                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
MICSI-RMT Denoising (MICSI-RMT) is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) intended to
enhance magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) images by reducing the image noise for head MRI
images. The software can analyze both functional (fMRI) MRI and diffusion (dMRI) images. The
device is intended to be used by radiologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital. The device
is compatible with DICOM 3.0 standard.

The subject device has no user interface. The DICOM images obtained from a compatible MRI
machine are streamed from the scanner to the designated DICOM destination, e.g., picture
archiving and communication system (PACS), then to a DICOM router and processor (Mercure).
It is within this router and processor where the subject device denoises the images. For fMRI
images, parametric maps will be generated using pre-existing hospital software. For dMRI
images, the subject device uses DTI to perform parameter estimation after denoising. Once the
processing is complete, the device outputs are then routed to the target PACS (which can be the
same one as before or a new DICOM destination) where the intended user can view the new
images and the original images. Image processing time varies as it is dependent on the central
processing unit (CPU), input image size, and the number of input images. When multiple jobs
have been submitted to MICSI-RMT, they are queued and processed sequentially based on the
order received.


                                                                                                             1 of 3

Intended Use/Indications for Use                               21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
MICSI-RMT is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI
images. It can be used to reduce image noise for head MRI.

Indications for Use Comparison                               21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
The subject device has the same intended use as the predicate device; both devices are intended
to enhance MRI images by reducing noise for MRI images of the head.

Technological Comparison                                   21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)
The subject device has the same intended use environment and user and similar technological
characteristics (e.g., Linux compatibility, use of MRI images, and processing of DICOM compliant
image data) as the predicate device. One key difference is that the algorithm in the subject device
is based on principal component analysis whereas the predicate uses a convolutional neural
network-based algorithm. MICSI-RMT has undergone software and performance to ensure that
any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness and demonstrate substantial equivalence.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions        21 CFR 807.92(b)
Software verification was completed, and documentation was provided as recommended by the
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
Functions (issued June 14, 2023) for a basic level device.

To validate the performance of the MICSI-RMT software, MICSI conducted a HIPAA-compliant,
retrospective IRB approved rater study. The study evaluated two qualitative and three quantitative
metrics between the MICSI-RMT processed and standard of care (SOC) processed images.

The qualitative metrics evaluated were image quality and artifact presence. Image quality and
artifact presence have an impact on the distinctiveness and contrast of small structures in the
brain.

For image quality, a group of expert neuroradiologist raters, blinded to the processing technique
used, rated the denoised MRI images on a Likert scale for overall image quality. These scores
were aggregated to determine the mean Likert score for each image. The predetermined
acceptance criterion was set at a mean Likert score greater than 3. Expert neuroradiologists
defined a score of 3 or greater as the ability to visualize small structures in brain white matter,
adequate contrast to distinguish adjacent tissue types, and for fMRI, that activation relevant to
language tasks was anatomically appropriate. For each test dataset, the MICSI-RMT enhanced
images were rated at a Likert score of 3 or greater, indicating that this test passed.

For artifact presence, the predetermined acceptance criterion was set at a mean Likert score
greater than 3. The criteria used to determine the score for this test included artificial signal
blurring, noise that could occlude anatomy of interest, and for fMRI, the presence of false positive
activation. For each test dataset, the MICSI-RMT enhanced images were rated at a Likert score
of 3 or greater, indicating that this test passed.

The three quantitative metrics evaluated were signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) change, fMRI activation
map change, and dMRI STD change. The quality of image signal is important, as it enables fine
white matter structures to be traceable along their  full lengths, facilitating the evaluation of
complex topographic-anatomical relationships in both normal and pathological conditions.


                                                                                                             2 of 3

For SNR change, source diffusion and fMRI images that were enhanced by MICSI-RMT resulted
in a greater than or equal to 5% change as compared to the original images over a region of
interest spanning all white matter voxels.

For fMRI activation maps, the test dataset focused on Broca’s and Wernicke’s regions, where
subcortical activation is expected in response to language based stimuli and found that median
z-score improved from 3.01 to 3.64 in Broca’s region and from 2.80 to 3.41 in Wernicke’s region.
Higher activation levels correspond to stronger confidence in the detection of neural activity, which
can lead to a reduction in false positives and improved reliability of activation maps.

For dMRI STD, which was a measure of the reduction in the standard deviation of mean diffusivity
(MD) and fractional anisotropy (FA) defined over the posterior limb of the internal capsule, an
anatomically homogenous region of white matter, we anticipated a change in STD with MICSIRMT processed parametric maps. A reduction in STD indicated that the MICSI-RMT parametric
maps had greater precision. MD images enhanced with MICSI-RMT had an STD reduction from
0.16 to 0.075, and FA images had an STD reduction from 0.09 to 0.069, demonstrating that the
image enhancement process leads to more precise parametric maps.

All three quantitative tests met their predetermined acceptance criteria.

Overall, the retrospective study found that MICSI-RMT processing results in enhanced high
quality denoised images that have a greater or equal to 5% change in SNR and more clearly
defined  activation  levels  in fMRI  activation maps. Based on these  results, MICSI-RMT
performance was determined to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                                             3 of 3