Vent Creativity
Craig Vittorio
Director of Product / QARA
101 6th Ave
3rd Floor
New York, New York 10013
                                                            March 20, 2025

Re: K241961
    Trade/Device Name: Vent Creativity Knee v1.0 (Hermes)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: February 18, 2025
    Received: February 18, 2025

Dear Craig Vittorio:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241961 - Craig Vittorio                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K241961 - Craig Vittorio                                                              Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241961                                                           I
Device Name
 Vent Creativity Knee v1.0 (Hermes)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Hermes is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation system for the transfer
 of medical imaging information to an output file.  It is also intended as preoperative software for
 diagnostic and surgical planning.

 For these purposes, output files can also be used for the fabrication of physical replicas using
 traditional or additive manufacturing methods. The physical replicas can be used for diagnostic
 purposes in the field of orthopedic applications.

 The software is intended to be used in conjunction with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical
 judgment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k)  #:   K241961                                                      Prepared on: 2025-03-13                        510(k) Summary
 Contact Details                                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)

 Applicant Name              Vent Creativity

 Applicant Address              101 6th Ave 3rd Floor New York NY 10013 United States

 Applicant Contact Telephone   203-814-7954

 Applicant Contact                Mr. Craig Vittorio

 Applicant Contact Email         cvittorio@ventcreativity.com
 Device Name                                                      21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)

 Device Trade Name           Vent Creativity Knee v1.0 (Hermes)

 Common Name              Hermes

 Classification Name           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Regulation Number           892.2050

 Product Code(s)               QIH, LLZ
                   Predicate Devices                            21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)ILegally Marketed
 Predicate              Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code
  K203195             Simpleware ScanlP Medical                                                                                        FLLZ
IDevice Description Summary                                    21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)

Vent Hermes takes DICOM based CT scans from the scanning machine and plots the data generated by the machine in the form of slices
  of data, similar to all commercially available predicates.

 The intensity data (Hounsfield Unit data) inside these features  is displayed to ensure that all intensity data is visible to the users. The
  point clouds from these data points are used to find landmarks in discrete locations, unlike the predicates that use bone outlines from
  automatic or semi automatic or manual sources to generate points for landmarks. This approach allows for more accurate predictions, as
 validated in previous studies by radiology experts. Published literature is used to define the 3 cut plane philosophies for the bones where
  proximal tibia and distal and posterior femoral cuts are calculated.

 The product does not currently make any claims of individual implant fits but gives the initial cut planes shared by all surgeon and
  implant manufacturers as the first step. The python code has been developed with a design history file with design iterations recorded
 on all major changes to the system. The segmentation aspect is a Convolutional Neural Networks model trained with arthritic CT scans
 from 120 de-identified patients with varying arthritic states, demographics, and CT machines and centers partnering with surgeon
 champions.

 The segmentation and landmarking system was validated against manual, Materialize Mimics 24 autosegmentaiton, and Synopsys
 Simpleware knee auto segmentation models, and results were reviewed with the Chief of Radiology of Hospital for Special Surgery in
 New York, NY. The results were published in the International Society for Technology in Arthroplasty 2022 annual conference. Vent
 Hermes  is a cloud-based python code that allows users to upload the de-identified DICOM files to their encrypted Google Cloud Platform
 folder (a business agreement certified partner with HIPAA and 21 CFR 11 certifications available).

 Once the files are uploaded, the cloud server de-identifies the folder again for redundant safety, then passes  it to Vent Creativity's
  internal server for the system to automatically run the scripts to generate the bone models, landmarks, and the final cut planes and
  returns these files to the user folder under the same file number. Once the point clouds, meshes, and landmarks are calculated, any
 number of CAD or visualization tools can be used to review the data.

 The system uses a custom UI generated on the OHIF medical imaging platform with system version controls and validation documents
 on file. This portion is considered to be software outside of the medical device as no calculation is allowed outside the python code. The
  visualizations are final and are for user review and approval only.


 Intended Use/indications for Use                                21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)IHermes is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation system for the transfer of medical imaging information to an
  output file.  It is also intended as preoperative software for diagnostic and surgical planning.

  For these purposes, output files can also be used for the fabrication of physical replicas using traditional or additive manufacturing
 methods. The physical replicas can be used for diagnostic purposes in the field of orthopedic applications.

 The software  is intended to be used in conjunction with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical judgment.


 Indications for Use Comparison                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)ISimpleware ScanlP Medical is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation system for the transfer of medical
 imaging information to an output file.  It is also intended as preoperative software for diagnostic and surgical planning.

  For these purposes, output files can also be used for the fabrication of physical replicas using traditional or additive manufacturing
 methods. The physical replicas can be used for diagnostic purposes in the field of orthopedic, maxillofacial and cardiovascular
  applications.

 The software  is intended to be used in conjunction with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical judgment.

ITechnological Comparison                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

 ScanlP operates using foundational technologies to handle image processing and the creation of models. In contrast, Vent Hermes
 incorporates state-of-the-art algorithmic techniques to bolster both precision and speed. During the Verification and Validation stages of
  its development, comprehensive tests were carried out on Vent Hermes to ascertain that the DICOM file interpretations were as
 consistent and precise as those produced by the predicate, ScanlP.
              and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)INon-Clinical
 Substantial equivalence was evaluated in software validation reports pertaining to accuracy of the segmentation and subsequent DICE
 score comparison to previously marketed devices under the same regulation. See V&V section for DICE Validation Reports.

 N/A

 Conclusions from the Nonclinical and Clinical Tests
 The nonclinical and clinical tests performed as part of the Segmentation Analysis and DICE Score Study have provided a comprehensive
 assessment of the Hermes Segment Knee Neural NetworkTask. The study compared the segmentation accuracy of Hermes with two
  predicate segmentation tools, Synopsys and Mimics, using the Dice Similarity Coefficient (Dice score) as the primary metric.

  Safety and Effectiveness
 The Hermes Segment Knee Neural Network Task was evaluated against stringent design and software requirements, including the ability
 to accurately identify and segment relevant bones (femur, fibula, tibia, and patella) from DICOM CT scan files. The study confirmed that
 Hermes met these requirements without introducing unintended bone segmentations.

 The nonclinical and clinical tests conducted for the Hermes Segment Knee Neural Network Task demonstrated that  it meets essential
  safety and effectiveness criteria, effectively identifying and segmenting relevant bones from DICOM CT scans without unintended
  segmentations. When compared to the two predicate tools, Synopsys and Mimics, Hermes demonstrates substantial equivalence.