CorTechs Labs, Inc.                                             August 22, 2024
Kora Marinkovic
VP of Quality and Regulatory Affairs
5060 Shoreham Place CA Ste 240
San Diego, California 92122


Re: K241098
    Trade/Device Name: NeuroQuant
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: July 22, 2024
    Received: July 22, 2024

Dear Kora Marinkovic:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241098 - Kora Marinkovic                                                            Page 2

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                            Digitally signed by
                                                           Douglas W. Fletcher -S
                                                  for
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241098
Device Name
NeuroQuant
Indications for Use (Describe)
NeuroQuant is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of
segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric measurements may
be compared to reference percentile data.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) im Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K241098


        510(k) Summary: NeuroQuant

1. Submitter


    Name:                  CorTechs Labs, Inc

    Address:                 5060 Shoreham Place, Ste 240
                          San Diego, CA 92122

    Contact Person:           Kora Marinkovic

    Telephone Number:         (858) 459-9700

    Fax Number:                (858) 459-9705

     E-mail:                   koram@cortechslabs.com

    Date Prepared:             8/21/2024

2. Device


    Device Trade Name:      NeuroQuant

   Common Name:          Medical Image Processing Software

     Classification Name:     System, Image Processing, Radiological

    Regulation Number:      21 CFR 892.2050

    Regulation Description:   Medical image management and processing system

    Product Code:           QIH, LLZ

     Classification Panel:      Radiology

3. Predicate Device


    Device:                 NeuroQuant

    510(k) Number          K170981

    Manufacturer            CorTechs Labs, Inc

    Product Code:          LLZ


                                       1

4. Device Description

NeuroQuant is a fully automated MR imaging post-processing software medical device that
provides automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of brain structures and
lesions from a set of MR images and returns segmented images and morphometric reports.
NeuroQuant provides morphometric measurements of brain structures based on a 3D T1 MRI
series. The optional use of the T2 FLAIR MR series and T2* GRE/SWI series allows for additional
quantification of T2 FLAIR hyperintense lesions and T2* GRE/SWI hypointense lesions.
The device is used by medical professionals in imaging centers, hospitals, and other healthcare
facilities as well as by clinical researchers. When used clinically, the output must be reviewed by
a radiologist or neuroradiologist. The results are typically forwarded to the referring physician,
most commonly a neurologist. The device is a “Prescription Device” and is not intended to be
used by patients or other untrained individuals.

From a workflow perspective, the device is packaged as a computing appliance that is capable
of supporting DICOM standard input and output. NeuroQuant supports data from all major MRI
manufacturers and a variety of field strengths. For best results, scans should be acquired using
specified protocols provided by CorTechs Labs.

As part of processing, the data is corrected by NeuroQuant for image acquisition artifacts,
including gradient nonlinearities and bias field inhomogeneity, to improve overall image quality.

Next, image baseline intensity levels for gray and white matter are identified and corrected for
scanner variability. The scan is then aligned with the internal anatomical atlas by a series of

transformations. Probabilistic methods and neural network models are then used to label each
voxel with an anatomical structure based on location and signal intensities.
Output of the software provides values as numerical volumes, and images of derived data as
grayscale intensity maps and as color overlays on top of the anatomical image. The outputs are
provided in standard DICOM format as image series and reports that can be displayed on many
commercial DICOM workstations.

The software is designed without the need for a user interface after installation. Any processing
errors are reported either in the output series error report or system log files.
The software can provide data on age and gender-matched normative percentiles. The default
reference percentile data for NeuroQuant comprises normal population data.
The device provides DICOM Storage capabilities to receive MRI series in DICOM format from
an external source, such as an MRI scanner or PACS server. The device provides transient data
storage only. If additional scans from other time points are available, the software can perform
change analysis.
   5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

NeuroQuant is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of
segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric measurements
may be compared to reference percentile data.


                                           2

6. Comparison to Predicate Device

    Summary Comparison Table for the device and predicate device (K170981):

Device Name  NeuroQuant (Predicate, K170981)         NeuroQuant (Current Submission)

Classification    Class II                                      Class II

Product Code   LLZ                                         QIH, LLZ

Indications for   Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric   Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
Use               quantification of segmentable brain structures     quantification of segmentable brain structures
               and lesions from a set of MR images.          and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric
                 Volumetric data may be compared to reference   data may be compared to reference percentile
                   percentile data                                 data

Design and        • Automated measurement of brain tissue          • Automated measurement of brain tissue
Incorporated      volumes and structures and lesions            volumes and structures and lesions
                       • Automatic segmentation and quantification of   • Automatic segmentation and quantification ofTechnology
                     brain structures using a dynamic probabilistic     brain structures and lesions using a dynamic
                   neuroanatomical atlas, with age and gender      probabilistic neuroanatomical atlas, with age
                        specificity, based on the MR image intensity     and gender specificity, based on the MR image
                                                                            intensity and static deep-learning technologies

Physical            • Software package                                     • Software package
characteristics    • Operates on off-the-shelf hardware (multiple     • Operates on off-the-shelf hardware (multiple
                   vendors)                                      vendors)

Operating       Supports Linux, Mac OS X and Windows.        Supports Linux, Mac OS X and Windows.
System

Processing      Automated internal pipeline that performs:       Automated internal pipeline that performs:
Architecture       - artifact correction                                          - artifact correction
                         - segmentation                                              - segmentation
                         - lesion quantification                                      - lesion quantification
                         - volume calculation                                        - volume calculation
                         - report generation                                          - report generation

Data Source       • MRI scanner: 3D T1 and T2 FLAIR MRI scans  • MRI scanner: 3D T1 and T2 FLAIR and T2*
                   acquired with specified protocols          GRE / SWI MRI scans acquired with specified
                       • NeuroQuant Supports DICOM format as input    protocols
                                                                                     • NeuroQuant Supports DICOM format as input

Output              • Provides volumetric measurements of brain     • Provides volumetric measurements of brain
                     structures and lesions                            structures and lesions
                       • Includes segmented color overlays and           • Includes segmented color overlays and
                  morphometric reports                        morphometric reports
                       • Automatically compares results to reference     • Automatically compares results to reference
                     percentile data and to prior scans when          percentile data and to prior scans when
                     available                                          available
                       • Supports DICOM format as output of results    • Supports DICOM format as output of results
                      that can be displayed on DICOM workstations     that can be displayed on DICOM workstations
                and Picture Archive and Communications       and Picture Archive and Communications
                 Systems                                  Systems

Safety          Automated quality control functions:            Automated quality control functions:
                         - Tissue contrast check                                    - Tissue contrast check
                         - Scan protocol verification                               - Scan protocol verification
                         - Atlas alignment check                                   - Atlas alignment check
                 Results must be reviewed by a trained physician  Results must be reviewed by a trained physician


                                         3

Similarities between NeuroQuant and NeuroQuant (Predicate K170981) software

•  Both devices are post-processing software applications for analysis of MR imaging data
•  Both devices have the ability to perform volumetric quantification of MR imaging data
•  Both devices offer the ability to compare medical images and/or multiple time points
•  Both enable visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually compared
    disjointedly
•  Both devices have the ability to report derived imaging metrics
•  Both devices are intended  for use on anatomical MR images  to provide volumetric
    quantification of brain structures.
Differences between NeuroQuant and NeuroQuant (Predicate K170981) software
•   Addition of T2* GRE / SWI MRI as a data source
•   Addition of static deep-learning technologies
   7. Verification and Validation

NeuroQuant software was tested in accordance with CorTechs verification and validation (V&V)
processes. All product and engineering specifications were verified and validated. Software V&V
testing was conducted, and documentation was provided at the documentation level as
recommended  for premarket submissions  for software devices  in the FDA’s “Content of
Premarket Submission for Device Software Functions” guidance document.
Verification and Validation tests have been performed to address the intended use, the
technological characteristics claims, requirement specifications, and the  risk management
results.

The V&V and performance data were provided in support of safety and effectiveness for the
substantial equivalence determination.


NeuroQuant verification and validation testing included:
1) objective unit testing comparing the software-derived values to the known ground truth values,
2) system testing to verify that the RGB Overlays and Reports are correctly generated when
compatible anatomical images are input to NeuroQuant, and
3) Clinical validation testing to ensure that the RGB Overlays and Reports are correct, meet
clinical expectations, and are safe and effective.
Testing performed demonstrated that NeuroQuant meets all defined functionality requirements
and performance claims.
The test results demonstrate that NeuroQuant complies with the international and FDArecognized consensus standards and FDA guidance documents  listed  in the Premarket
Submission, meets the acceptance  criteria, and  is adequate  for  its intended use and
specifications.


                                           4

8. Performance Testing

In this NeuroQuant software, three deep-learning models were included: Brain Segmentation;
FLAIR Lesion Segmentation; and MCH Segmentation.
Performance testing was designed specifically to ensure the robustness, generalizability, and
accuracy of the models, as described below.

Brain Segmentation Model

The NeuroQuant Brain Segmentation Model was evaluated using the Dice Similarity Coefficient
(DSC) as the primary performance metric. The model's performance was assessed against the
predicate device and meets the acceptance criteria for accuracy and reproducibility.
The model was trained on a diverse dataset of 1,473 3D T1-weighted MRI series from over 16
institutions, encompassing a wide range of scanner protocols, field strengths, manufacturers,
and scanner models. The test set comprised 30 patients with a gender distribution of 47% female
and 53% male, aged 20-40 years. By utilizing a separate dataset for testing, independence
between training and test data was ensured. Both datasets were curated to represent the diverse
patient population across the United States, with no exclusion criteria based on race or ethnicity.

FLAIR Segmentation Model

The NeuroQuant FLAIR Lesion Segmentation Model demonstrated strong performance,
achieving a mean Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 0.70 with a standard deviation of 0.14,
surpassing the acceptance criteria in comparison to the predicate device of mean DSC ≥ 0.50
and standard deviation ≤ 0.18. This model was  specifically designed  to  identify FLAIR
hyperintensities, which may be caused by conditions such as multiple sclerosis, microvascular
ischemic disease, or vasogenic edema.
The model was developed using a training set of 340 T1 and FLAIR MRI series from 22
institutions, incorporating various scan protocols, MRI scanner models, and field strengths. The
test set comprised 63 patients, with a gender distribution of 67% female and 33% male, ranging
in age from 25 to 87 years. Test data was acquired across Philips, GE, and Siemens scanners.
To ensure independence between training and test data, a stratified sampling method was
employed for an 80%/20% train/test split. Both datasets were curated to represent the diverse
patient population across the United States, with no exclusion criteria based on race or ethnicity.

MCH Detection Model

The MCH Detection Model in NeuroQuant exhibited robust performance, achieving a median F1
Score of 0.60, which exceeded the acceptance criteria of ≥ 0.51. This model was developed to
detect cerebral hypointensities associated with blood products, such as cerebral microbleeds
and superficial siderosis, which may be caused by conditions including vascular disease,
cerebral amyloid angiopathy (CAA), and anti-amyloid therapy (ARIA-H).
The model was trained on 463 2D T2*GRE/SWI MRI series from over 68  institutions,
encompassing a wide range of scanner protocols, manufacturers, and models. The test set
included 117 patients, with a gender distribution of 42% female and 58% male, spanning ages
from 21 to over 81 years. The racial distribution of the combined dataset was 87.8% White, 2.9%


                                           5

Black, 1.8% More than One, 1.5% Asian, and 5.7% No Data. Test data was acquired using
Philips, GE, and Siemens scanners. Independence between training and test data was ensured
through a stratified sampling method for an 80%/20% train/test split, with a power analysis
conducted to determine the minimum sample size required for statistical significance. Both
datasets were curated to represent the diverse patient population across the United States, with
no exclusion criteria based on race or ethnicity.
   9. Conclusions

The testing summarized above shows that the device is as safe, as effective and performs as
well as the predicate device, and as well as gold standard - computer-aided expert manual
segmentation.

By virtue of its physical characteristics and intended use, NeuroQuant is substantially equivalent
to its predicate device, and its technological improvements do not raise new questions of safety
and effectiveness.


                                           6