November 26, 2024

LVIS Corporation
℅ Devjani Saha, PhD
Director, Neurology Regulatory Affairs
MCRA, Llc
803 7th St NW, 3rd Floor
Washington, District of Columbia 20001


Re: K241390
    Trade/Device Name: NeuroMatch
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1400
    Regulation Name: Electroencephalograph
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OMB, OLT, OMA
    Dated: October 24, 2024
    Received: October 25, 2024

Dear Devjani Saha:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241390 - Devjani Saha                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241390 - Devjani Saha                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                        Patrick
                                Antkowiak -S

                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K241390

Device Name
NeuroMatch


Indications for Use (Describe)
1. LVIS NeuroMatch Software is intended for the review, monitoring and analysis of electroencephalogram (EEG)
recordings made by EEG devices using scalp electrodes and to aid neurologists in the assessment of EEG. The device is
intended to be used by qualified medical practitioners who will exercise professional judgement in using the information.

2. The Seizure Detection component of LVIS NeuroMatch is intended to mark previously acquired sections of adult EEG
recordings from patients greater than or equal to 18 years old that may correspond to electrographic seizures, in order to
assist qualified medical practitioners in the assessment of EEG traces. EEG recordings should be obtained with a full
scalp montage according to the electrodes from the International Standard 10-20 placement.

3. The Spike Detection component of LVIS NeuroMatch is intended to mark previously acquired sections of adult EEG
recordings from patients ≥18 years old that may correspond to spikes, in order to assist qualified medical practitioners in
the assessment of EEG traces. LVIS NeuroMatch Spike Detection performance has not been assessed for intracranial
recordings.

4. LVIS NeuroMatch includes the calculation and display of a set of quantitative measures intended to monitor and
analyze EEG waveforms. These include Artifact Strength, Asymmetry Spectrogram, Autocorrelation Spectrogram, and
Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) Spectrogram.  These quantitative EEG measures should always be interpreted in
conjunction with review of the original EEG waveforms.

5. LVIS NeuroMatch displays physiological signals such as electrocardiogram (ECG/EKG) if it is provided in the EEG
recording.

6. The aEEG functionality included in LVIS NeuroMatch is intended to monitor the state of the brain.

7. LVIS NeuroMatch Artifact Reduction (AR) is intended to reduce muscle and eye movements, in EEG signals from the
International Standard 10-20 placement. AR does not remove the entire artifact signal and is not effective for other types
of artifacts. AR may modify portions of waveforms representing cerebral activity. Waveforms must still be read by a
qualified medical practitioner trained in recognizing artifacts, and any interpretation or diagnosis must be made with
reference to the original waveforms.

8. This device does not provide any diagnostic conclusion about the patient’s condition to the user.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 2 of 2

510(k) Summary

Applicant Information:
LVIS Corporation
2600 E. Bayshore Rd.,
Palo Alto, CA 94303

Contact Person:
Sweta Srivastava
Head of Regulatory Affairs
Email: ssrivastava@lviscorp.com
Phone: 415-997-7337

Device Information:
Trade Name:         NeuroMatch
Common Name:       Automatic Event Detection Software For Full-Montage Electroencephalograph
Classification Name:   Electroencephalograph (21CFR 882.1400)
Device Class:             II
Product Code:      OMB, OLT, OMA

Predicate Device:
Persyst 14, EEG Review and Analysis Software, K182181

Date Prepared:
November 25, 2024

Device Description:
NeuroMatch is a cloud-based software as a medical device (SaMD) intended to review, monitor, display,
and analyze previously acquired and/or near real-time electroencephalogram (EEG) data from patients 18
years old or older. The device is not intended to substitute for real-time monitoring of EEG. The software
includes advanced algorithms that perform artifact reduction, seizure detection, and spike detection.
The subject device is identical to the NeuroMatch device cleared under K222450, with exception of the
following additional features:
    1.  Spike detection;
    2.  Seizure detection;
Seizure and spike detection are substantially equivalent to the Persyst 14 device (K182181: Predicate).
Apart from the proposed additional software changes and associated changes to the Indications for Use and
labeling, there are no changes to the intended use or to the software features that were previously cleared.
Below is a description of the software functions that will be added to the cleared NeuroMatch Device.

1.  Spike Detection
NeuroMatch Spike Detection identifies both spike waves and sharp waves. The NeuroMatch Spike
Detection feature uses a deep learning-based algorithm that detects potential epileptiform spikes and
annotates each detected potential spike with a unique identification. The detection of spikes in the EEG data
is automatically triggered when an EEG file is uploaded by the user. The NeuroMatch Spike Detection
feature identifies spikes and displays the spikes based upon the order (time) when the spike occurred.
2.  Seizure Detection
The NeuroMatch Seizure Detection feature uses a deep learning-based algorithm to identify potential
seizure events and annotates each detected potential seizure with a unique identification. Each annotation
includes the start and end positions of the potential identified seizures.
Indications for Use:

    1.  LVIS  NeuroMatch  Software  is  intended  for  the  review,  monitoring  and  analysis  of
       electroencephalogram (EEG) recordings made by EEG devices using scalp electrodes and to aid
        neurologists in the assessment of EEG. The device is intended to be used by qualified medical
         practitioners who will exercise professional judgement in using the information.

    2.  The Seizure Detection component of LVIS NeuroMatch is intended to mark previously acquired
        sections of adult EEG recordings from patients greater than or equal to 18 years old that may
       correspond to electrographic seizures, in order to assist qualified medical practitioners in the
       assessment of EEG traces. EEG recordings should be obtained with a full scalp montage according
        to the electrodes from the International Standard 10-20 placement.

    3.  The Spike Detection component of LVIS NeuroMatch is intended to mark previously acquired
        sections of adult EEG recordings from patients ≥18 years old that may correspond to spikes, in
        order to assist qualified medical practitioners in the assessment of EEG traces. LVIS NeuroMatch
       Spike Detection performance has not been assessed for intracranial recordings.

    4.  LVIS NeuroMatch includes the calculation and display of a set of quantitative measures intended
        to monitor and analyze EEG waveforms. These include Artifact Strength, Asymmetry Spectrogram,
        Autocorrelation Spectrogram, and Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) Spectrogram. These quantitative
     EEG measures should always be interpreted in conjunction with review of the original EEG
       waveforms.

    5.  LVIS NeuroMatch displays physiological signals such as electrocardiogram (ECG/EKG) if it is
       provided in the EEG recording.

    6.  The aEEG functionality included in LVIS NeuroMatch is intended to monitor the state of the brain.

    7.  LVIS NeuroMatch Artifact Reduction (AR) is intended to reduce muscle and eye movements, in
     EEG signals from the International Standard 10-20 placement. AR does not remove the entire
         artifact signal and is not effective for other types of artifacts. AR may modify portions of waveforms
        representing cerebral activity. Waveforms must still be read by a qualified medical practitioner
        trained in recognizing artifacts, and any interpretation or diagnosis must be made with reference to
        the original waveforms.

    8.  This device does not provide any diagnostic conclusion about the patient’s condition to the user.

Comparison of Intended Use and Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Devices:
                    TABLE 1: NEUROMATCH SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TABLE

                                                          Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                             NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                                      Rationale for                               (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)         Device                                                                          Substantial                               K241390                 K182181                                                                                   Equivalence                               LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                                  Corporation
                                                                      Same
                         21 CFR§882.1400,           21 CFR§882.1400,              classification asClassification                            Electroencephalograph         Electroencephalograph         the Predicate
                                                                                               device.
                                                                      Same product
Product Code          OMB, OLT, OMA         OMB, OLT, OMA            code as the
                                                                                              Predicate device.
                                 1.  LVIS NeuroMatch          1.  Persyst 14 EEG Review
                               Software is intended for       and Analysis Software is
                                   the review, monitoring         intended for the review,
                             and analysis of                monitoring and analysis
                                electroencephalogram          of EEG recordings made
                           (EEG) recordings made       by electroencephalogram
                            by EEG devices using        (EEG) devices using
                                   scalp electrodes and to          scalp electrodes and to     The Proposed
                                   aid neurologists in the          aid neurologists in the      Device and the
                                                                                                  Predicate, have                                assessment of EEG. The       assessment of EEG. The                                                                                                  similar                                 device is intended to be        device is intended to beIndications for Use:                                                                           Indications for
For the subject device new        used by qualified medical      used by qualified medical   Use. The
indications are highlighted        practitioners who will           practitioners who will      Proposed
in bold while previously          exercise professional           exercise professional       Device’s
cleared indications are in                              judgment in using the         judgment in using the       Indications for
normal font.                                                                 Use was                                  information.                   information.
                                                                                     developed to                                 2.  The Seizure Detection     2.  The Seizure Detection                                                                                             incorporate
                           component of LVIS         component of Persyst 14   wording from
                          NeuroMatch is intended        is intended to mark         the predicate
                                  to mark previously           previously acquired         device.
                              acquired sections of           sections of adult (greater
                                adult EEG recordings        than or equal to 18 years)
                           from patients greater      EEG recordings that may
                             than or equal to 18           correspond to
                               years old that may            electrographic seizures, in
                             correspond to                 order to assist qualified
                                electrographic seizures,        clinical practitioners in

Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                     NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                             Rationale for                      (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)Device                                                                          Substantial                       K241390                 K182181                                                                          Equivalence                        LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                         Corporation
                        in order to assist              the assessment of EEG
                       qualified medical               traces. EEG recordings
                       practitioners in the           should be obtained with a
                     assessment of EEG              full scalp montage
                         traces. EEG recordings       according to the standard
                     should be obtained with      10/20 system.
                    a full scalp montage       3.  The Spike Detection
                     according to the            component of Persyst 14
                       electrodes from the              is intended to mark
                       International Standard       previously acquired
                     10-20 placement.              sections of the patient’s
                                   EEG recordings that may
                      3.  The Spike Detection          correspond to spikes, in
                   component of LVIS           order to assist qualified
                  NeuroMatch is intended       clinical practitioners in
                        to mark previously            the assessment of EEG
                     acquired sections of            traces. The Spike
                      adult EEG recordings        Detection component is
                   from patients ≥18 years       intended to be used in
                      old that may                    patients at least one
                    correspond to spikes, in      month old. Persyst 14
                     order to assist qualified      Spike Detection
                     medical practitioners in      performance has not been
                      the assessment of EEG        assessed for intracranial
                         traces. LVIS                   recordings.
                  NeuroMatch Spike         4.  Persyst 14 includes the
                      Detection performance        calculation and display of
                    has not been assessed         a set of qualitative
                       for intracranial              measures intended to
                       recordings.                  monitor and analyze the
                                   EEG waveform. These
                      4.  LVIS NeuroMatch                                                      include FFT,
                        includes the calculation                                                    Rhythmicity, Peak
                    and display of a set of                                                   Envelope, Artifact
                         quantitative measures                                                             Intensity, Amplitude,
                       intended to monitor and                                                       Relative Symmetry and
                       analyze EEG waveforms.                                                   Suppression Ratio.
                     These include Artifact                                                 Automatic event marking

Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                     NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                             Rationale for                      (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)Device                                                                          Substantial                       K241390                 K182181                                                                          Equivalence                        LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                         Corporation
                        Strength, Asymmetry             is not applicable to the
                      Spectrogram,                   quantitative measures.
                       Autocorrelation              These quantitative EEG
                      Spectrogram, and Fast         measures should always
                       Fourier Transform (FFT)      be interpreted in
                      Spectrogram. These            conjunction with review
                         quantitative EEG               of the original EEG
                     measures should always       waveforms.
                     be interpreted in             5.  Persyst 14 displays
                       conjunction with review        physiological signals,
                        of the original EEG            including the calculation
                     waveforms.                 and display of a heart rate
                      5.  LVIS NeuroMatch           measurement based on
                        displays physiological          the ECG channel in the
                         signals such as           EEG recording, which are
                       electrocardiogram             intended to aid in the
                  (ECG/EKG) if it is              analysis of an EEG.
                      provided in the EEG           Heart rate measurement
                        recording.                     of Persyst 14 is not
                      6.  The aEEG functionality        applicable to patients with
                       included in LVIS             pacemaker and/or active
                    NeuroMatch is intended        implantable devices.
                         to monitor the state of the                                                        6.  The aEEG functionality
                          brain.                                                     included in Persyst 14 is
                      7.  LVIS NeuroMatch                                                     intended to monitor the
                         Artifact Reduction (AR)                                                              state of the brain. The
                              is intended to reduce                                                 automated event marking
                     muscle and eye                                                       function of Persyst 14 is
                    movements, in EEG                                                     not applicable to aEEG.
                         signals from the
                                                        7.  Persyst 14 provides                         International Standard
                                                           notifications for seizure                     10-20 placement. AR
                                                          detection, quantitative                     does not remove the
                                   EEG and aEEG that can                          entire artifact signal and
                                                be used when processing                              is not effective for other
                                                    a record during                       types of artifacts. AR
                                                           acquisition. These                 may modify portions of                                                      include an on screen                    waveforms representing                                                       display and the optional

Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                     NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                             Rationale for                      (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)Device                                                                          Substantial                       K241390                 K182181                                                                          Equivalence                        LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                         Corporation
                         cerebral activity.              sending of an email
                   Waveforms must still be       message. Delays of up to
                       read by a qualified              several minutes can occur
                      medical practitioner          between the beginning of
                         trained in recognizing         a seizure and when the
                            artifacts, and any               Persyst 14 notifications
                          interpretation or                 will be shown to a user.
                       diagnosis must be made        Persyst 14 notifications
                      with reference to the           cannot be used as a
                         original waveforms.             substitute for real time
                      8.  This device does not           monitoring of the
                       provide any diagnostic         underlying EEG by a
                       conclusion about the            trained expert.
                          patient’s condition to the    8.  Persyst AR (Artifact
                          user.                         Reduction) is intended to
                                                   reduce EMG, eye
                                              movement, and electrode
                                                                artifacts in a standard 10-
                                              20 EEG recording. AR
                                                  does not remove the
                                                            entire artifact signal, and
                                                                    is not effective for other
                                                      types of artifacts. AR
                                        may modify portions of
                                              waveforms representing
                                                         cerebral activity.
                                            Waveforms must still be
                                                     read by a qualified
                                                   medical practitioner
                                                          trained in recognizing
                                                                   artifact, and any
                                                           interpretation or diagnosis
                                               must be made with
                                                       reference to the original
                                                 waveforms.
                                                        9.  This device does not
                                                    provide any diagnostic
                                                     conclusion about the

Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                             NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                                      Rationale for                               (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)         Device                                                                          Substantial                               K241390                 K182181                                                                                   Equivalence                               LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                                  Corporation
                                                                       patient’s condition to the
                                                                       user.

Prescription/                                                            Same as the                     Rx                     RxOver-the-Counter                                                                           Predicate device.
                                                                                                 Similar, the
                                                                                   Proposed Device
                                                                                    age group of at
                                                                                                          least 18 years
                                                                                           old for seizure
                                                          Adults and pediatric patients    detection is the
                                                        undergoing EEG assessment:   same as the
                              Individuals ≥18 years           -   Seizure detection:            predicate device.Patient Population                           undergoing EEG assessment           Individuals ≥18 years   For spike
                                                                          -   Spike detection at       detection, the
                                                                              least one month old      subject device is
                                                                                          intended for a
                                                                                             subset of the
                                                                                          population that is
                                                                                              cleared for the
                                                                                               predicate device.

                                                                      Same as theComponents           SaMD                SaMD                                                                                              Predicate device.

                                                                                                 Similar, the
                                                       10-20 system (spike and       Proposed Device
EEG Data Source          10-20 system                   seizure detection)1 up to 256    and the Predicate
                                                            channels2                     both use 10-20
                                                                                          system.
           Review,
           Monitor, and                                                  Same as the                        Yes                      Yes           Analyze                                                                         Predicate device.
EEG      Recordings
Functions
           Annotation                                                    Same as the                        Yes                      Yes             List                                                                             Predicate device.


        1 Persyst 14 User Manual, Persyst 14 Spike and Seizure Detection Description
        2 Persyst 14c Release Notes, Persyst EEG Electrical Source Imaging (ESI),
      https://www.persyst.com/support/persyst-release-notes/

Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                             NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                                      Rationale for                               (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)         Device                                                                          Substantial                               K241390                 K182181                                                                                   Equivalence                               LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                                  Corporation
                                                        •  FFT
                                                        •   Artifact Intensity
                                                        •  Amplitude
                                                        •   Rhythmicity
                                                        •  Peak Envelope
                                                        •   Relative Symmetry
                                                        •   Suppression Ratio
                                                        •   Artifact intensity                            Previously Cleared:                                                        •  FFT spectrogram                           •  FFT Spectrogram                                                        •  FFT power                           •   Artifact Strength
                                                        •  FFT power ratio         The Proposed                           •  aEEG                                                        •  FFT spectral edge         Device and the                           •   Autocorrelation          Measurements                               •   Relative asymmetry         Predicate both                              Spectrogram                                                             spectrogram               provide seizure                           •  Asymmetry Spectrogram                                                        •   Absolute asymmetry       and spike
                                                             index                        detection.                      Added in Current 510(k):
                                                        •   Relative asymmetry                           •   Seizure Detection
                                                             index                           •   Spike Detection                                                        •  aEEG
                                                        •   Rhythmicity spectrogram
                                                        •   Spike detection
                                                        •   Spike density
                                                        •   Seizure detection
                                                        •   Seizure probability
                                                        •   Spike Perception Score
                                                        •  VSBASLINE3
                                                                      Same as theSeizure Detection           Yes, full montage             Yes, full montage                                                                                              Predicate device.

                                                                      Same as theSpike Detection           Yes                      Yes                                                                                              Predicate device.
                                                                                       This difference
                                                                                                    to the Predicate
                                                                                    does not raise
                                                         Yes, notifications for seizure    different
Notifications            No                              detection, quantitative EEG,    questions of
                                                     and aEEG.                      safety and
                                                                                                effectiveness as
                                                                                               the clinician
                                                                                       should be


        3 Trending, https://www.persyst.com/technology/trending/

Persyst 14 EEG Review and
                             NeuroMatch              Analysis Software                                                                                      Rationale for                               (Proposed Device)            (Predicate Device)         Device                                                                          Substantial                               K241390                 K182181                                                                                   Equivalence                               LVIS                   Persyst Development
                                                                  Corporation
                                                                                       reviewing and
                                                                                          analyzing all
                                                                                             data including
                                                                                               the original EEG
                                                                              waveforms
                                                                                                           holistically.
Key:
EEG = electroencephalography
FFT= fast fourier transform
ECG/EKG = electrocardiogram
AR = artifact reduction
aEEG = amplitude – integrated EEG
3D = 3 dimensional
SaMD = software as a medical device


     Performance Data:

    The following performance data were provided to demonstrate safety and efficacy in support of substantial
     equivalence determination:

     Non-Clinical Testing

        •  Software verification and validation testing
    The following software verification and validation tests were completed per FDA’s guidance
      entitled “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” issued June 2023:
           o  Verification Tests and Regression Tests
           o  Unit/Module Level and Integration Testing
           o  Visualization Testing
           o  Performance Testing

     All tests successfully met their respective acceptance criteria and confirmed the software met its
     requirements and design.

        •  Cybersecurity Testing
   A comprehensive battery of cybersecurity testing per FDA’s guidance entitled “Cybersecurity in
     Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions” (issued
    September 2023), including Configuration Assessment, Vulnerability Scanning, and Penetration
     Testing, was conducted.

•   Clinical Testing
      Seizure Detection Validation:

       Clinical Sites:
      Validation of the NeuroMatch seizure detection feature was conducted using EEG data collected
       in three independent and geographically diverse medical institutions.

      Dataset Characteristics and subject demographics:
     The demographics of seizure detection validation dataset are as follows:

                              Patient                     Control

                                 with at least 1 verified seizure    With 0 verified seizure event
                                 event
Number of subjects                        181                          10
Total EEG hours                           979.40                         80

(mean, median, [min, max])                  (5.41, 6.0, [1.00, 8.00]                     (8.00, 8.00, [8.00, 8.00]
Age, years (mean)                           42.05                            52.3

(median and [min, max])                          (39, [18, 89])                              (60, [25, 78])
Gender                                     95:86                        4 : 6
(Male : Female)

     Summary of Validation Testing
     The following is a summary of the validation procedure performed:
            •  A validation dataset of EEG recordings obtained from adult (18 years and older)
               patients were utilized for validation testing. This dataset was completely separate and
             independent from the data used to design and train the algorithm.
            •  A reference standard was established for the validation dataset by a panel of three
             independent EEG trained neurologists who reviewed and annotated the EEG recordings for
               seizure episodes. Seizures were identified based on a 2 out of 3 majority rule.
            •   Both NeuroMatch and predicate Persyst 14 (K182181) Seizure Detection modules were
             run on the validation dataset and performance metrics were calculated for each as
            compared to the reference standard established per above.
            •    Statistical analysis was performed on the results to evaluate non-inferiority to the predicate device
             based on both sensitivity and false detection rate (FDR).
            •   Conducting an event-level analysis, with potentially an unlimited number of events per patient,
              introduces bias by disproportionately affecting the data distribution in favor of patients with many
               events. To avoid such bias, the study reports an event-level analysis with a capping value of six events
              per patient for seizure detection sensitivity.

Results:

                                  Sensitivity          False Detection Rate (FDR)
                          (N = 504 events)      (per 24 hrs)

                   Persyst 14    59.37 [56.94, 61.71]  4.26 [3.15, 7.39]

               NeuroMatch  75.01 [72.62, 77.57]  3.74 [2.59, 5.44]
       NeuroMatch and Persyst 14 sensitivity and false detection rate. Mean and 95% confidence intervals are shown.

       Sensitivity: The acceptance criterion for non-inferiority required the upper limit of the 95% CI
       for the difference in sensitivity (Persyst 14- NeuroMatch) to be less than 10%. This criterion
     was met, confirming that NeuroMatch is non-inferior to Persyst 14.

     FDR: The acceptance criterion for non-inferiority required the lower limit of the 95% CI for the
       difference in FDR (Persyst 14-NeuroMatch) to be greater than -4 per 24hr. This criterion was
      met, confirming that NeuroMatch is non-inferior to Persyst 14.

      Conclusion:
     NeuroMatch Seizure Detection passed non-inferiority testing to the Persyst14 ( K182181), in both
       sensitivity and false-detection rate (FDR).

      Spike Detection Validation:
       Clinical Sites:
      Validation of the NeuroMatch spike detection feature was conducted using EEG data collected in
       three independent and geographically diverse medical institutions.

      Dataset Characteristics and Subject Demographics Summary Table:
     The demographics of spike detection validation dataset are as follows:

                                    Patient

                                 with at least 1 verified spike event
Number of subjects                                      149
Total EEG minutes (hours)                              2752.72 (~45.9)

 (mean, median, [min, max])
                                                        (18.47, 20 [10.0,0 20.00])

Age (mean)                                                 42.56

(median, [min, max])                                          (39, [18, 92])

Gender                                              73 : 75 : 1
(Male : Female : Unspecified –
Number of Subjects)

Summary of Validation Testing
      The following is a summary of the validation procedure performed:
              •  A validation dataset of EEG recordings obtained from adult (18 years and older)
                 patients were utilized for validation testing. This dataset was completely separate and
               independent from the data used to design and train the algorithm.
              •  A reference standard was established for the validation dataset by a panel of three
               independent EEG trained neurologists who reviewed and annotated the EEG recordings for
                spike events. The reference standard for spike is established with majority consensus
            among the annotating physicians (i.e., consensus of at least 2 out of the 3 physicians).
              •   Both NeuroMatch and predicate Persyst 14 (K182181) Spike Detection modules were run
             on the validation dataset and performance metrics were calculated for each as
             compared to the reference standard established per above.
              •    Statistical analysis was performed on the  results to evaluate non-inferiority to the
              performance of the predicate device in terms of sensitivity and false detection rate.

        Results:


                                               Sensitivity           False Detection Rate
                                                          (FDR)
                                                                    (per minute)

                         Persyst 14       67.92 [61.96, 73.87]          3.61 [2.68, 4.53]

                      NeuroMatch        72.18 [66.81, 77.54]             3.24 [2.15, 4.33]
         NeuroMatch and Persyst 14 sensitivity and false detection rate. Mean and 95% confidence intervals are shown.

       Conclusion:

        Sensitivity: The acceptance criterion for non-inferiority required the upper limit of the 95% CI for
        the difference in sensitivity (Persyst 14 - NeuroMatch) to be less than 15%. This criterion was met,
       confirming that NeuroMatch is non-inferior to Persyst 14.

     FDR: The acceptance criterion for non-inferiority required the lower limit of the 95% CI for the
        difference in FDR (Persyst 14-NeuroMatch) to be greater than -1.5 per minute. This criterion was
        met, confirming that NeuroMatch is non-inferior to Persyst 14.


Summary:

The NeuroMatch device has the same intended use as the predicate device. In addition, it has similar
technological characteristics; performance data demonstrates that any differences in technological
characteristics do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. Therefore, the NeuroMatch
device is substantially equivalent to the cleared predicate device.