October 16, 2024

Augmedics Ltd.
℅ Janice M. Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K241481
    Trade/Device Name:  xvision Spine System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SBF
    Dated: May 24, 2024
    Received: September 16, 2024

Dear Janice M. Hogan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241481 - Janice M. Hogan                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241481 - Janice M. Hogan                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                 Shumaya Ali -S
                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative, Repair
                                            and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K241481

Device Name
xvision Spine System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The xvision Spine System, with xvision Spine System Software, is intended as an aid for precisely locating anatomical
structures in either open or percutaneous spine procedures.

Their use is indicated for any medical condition in which the use of stereotactic surgery may be appropriate, and where
reference to a rigid anatomical structure, such as the spine or pelvis, can be identified relative to a patient’s fluoroscopic
or CT imagery of the anatomy. This can include the following spinal procedures:

- Posterior Pedicle Screw Placement in the thoracic and sacro-lumbar region.
- Posterior Screw Placement in C3-C7 vertebrae
- Iliosacral Screw Placement
- Angular procedures requiring access to the disc space
- Lateral trajectories required to access the Sacro-Iliac joint

The Headset of the xvision Spine System displays 2D stereotaxic screens and a virtual anatomy screen. The stereotaxic
screen is indicated for correlating the tracked instrument location to the registered patient imagery. The virtual screen is
indicated for displaying the virtual instrument location in relation to the virtual anatomy to assist in percutaneous
visualization and trajectory planning.

The virtual display should not be relied upon solely for absolute positional information and should always be used in
conjunction with the displayed stereotaxic information.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary Augmedics’


                                     xvision Spine System

Submitter

Augmedics Ltd.
2 Ha-Otsma St.
Yokneam Illit, 2069205 Israel
Phone:+972-4-3730111
Facsimile: +972-4-3730850
Contact Person: Tami Harel
Date Prepared: May 24, 2024

Name of Device: xvision Spine System

Common or Usual Name: XVS

Classification Name: Orthopedic Augmented Reality (21 CFR 882.4560)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: SBF

Predicate Device: xvision Spine System, manufactured by Augmedics Ltd. Israel (K220905)

Reference Devices:

INTAI Surgery Navigation System, manufactured by Intai Technology Corporation (K180523).

ARAI Surgical Navigation System, Holo Surgical, Inc. (a subsidiary of Surgalign Spine Technologies)
(K211254).

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The xvision Spine System, with xvision Spine System Software, is intended as an aid for precisely
locating anatomical structures in either open or percutaneous spine procedures.

Their use is indicated for any medical condition in which the use of stereotactic surgery may be
appropriate, and where reference to a rigid anatomical structure, such as the spine or pelvis, can be
identified relative to a patient’s fluoroscopic or CT imagery of the anatomy. This can include the
following spinal procedures:

- Posterior Pedicle Screw Placement in the thoracic and sacro-lumbar region.
- Posterior Screw Placement in C3-C7 vertebrae
- Iliosacral Screw Placement
- Angular procedures requiring access to the disc space
- Lateral trajectories required to access the Sacro-Iliac joint


                                          K241481 - Page 1 of 8

The Headset of the xvision Spine System displays 2D stereotaxic screens and a virtual anatomy
screen. The stereotaxic screen is indicated for correlating the tracked instrument location to the
registered patient imagery. The virtual screen is indicated for displaying the virtual instrument location
in relation to the virtual anatomy to assist in percutaneous visualization and trajectory planning.

The virtual display should not be relied upon solely for absolute positional information and should
always be used in conjunction with the displayed stereotaxic information.

Device Description

The xvision Spine System (XVS) is an image-guided navigation system designed to assist surgeons
in placing pedicle screws accurately, during open or percutaneous computer-assisted spinal surgery
by displaying stereoscopic augmented reality (AR) navigation information onto the patient anatomy.
The system consists of dedicated software running on a PC, a headset, single use passive reflective
markers, and reusable components.  It uses wireless optical tracking technology and displays to the
surgeon the location of the tracked surgical instruments relative to the acquired patient’s scan, onto
the surgical field. The 2D data and 3D reconstructed model, along with tracking information, are
projected to the surgeons' retina using a transparent near-eye-display Headset, allowing the surgeon
to both look at the patient and the navigation data at the same time.

The purpose of this 510(k) submission is to introduce a new registration algorithm that enables
registering a 3D CT scan that was acquired prior to surgery (pre-operative CT) using 2D X-ray images,
taken intra-operatively with a C-Arm. As part of the development of this registration method, the
company developed a new software algorithm that includes a deep learning-based spine segmentation
algorithm that segments individual vertebrae including the sacrum and ilium. The segmentation output
is used as an input to the new registration algorithm.

The indications for use of the subject device compared to its predicate are expanded and include the
use of patient’s X-ray images for registration and support of angular and lateral procedures requiring
access to the disc space and sacro-iliac joint. These modifications do not alter the intended purpose
of the system as an aid in localization of anatomical structures during spine surgery or its principles of
operation,  it just enables additional inputs for registration and supports navigation in additional
trajectories.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The modified xvision Spine System is similar in its technological features to its predicate device, the
cleared xvision Spine System. Both systems include very similar hardware and software components,
with the following basic components: software, headset with optical tracking camera, single use
passive reflective markers, rigid reference point, and reusable tool adaptors. The headset in both
systems is positioned on the surgeon’s head and is designed to provide 2D and stereoscopic 3D
augmented reality (AR) display with overlaid navigation information onto the patient’s anatomy. The
software in both systems is designed for real time calculation and display of the spatial position of the
tip of the surgical instruments relative to the patient’s anatomy. Both systems share the same safety
features and follow similar fundamental principles of operation.

The modified XVS system offers an additional registration method, as an alternative to the cleared
registration method using an intraoperative 3D scan. This new  registration algorithm enables
registering 3D scan that was taken pre-operatively with patient’s anatomy using 2D X-ray images taken


                                          K241481 - Page 2 of 8

intra-operatively. The aim of both cleared and proposed registration methods is to align the patient’s
   anatomy with the patient’s CT scan.

    Additionally, the indications for use were broadened to support navigation in additional trajectories
   (angular and lateral procedures requiring access to the disc space and Sacro-Iliac joint). Expanding
   the navigation capabilities to additional trajectories, does not change the system’s technological
    characteristics since, regardless to the angle or path of the trajectory, the aim of the system is to enable
   accurate navigated trajectory. Phantom and Cadaver studies were used to demonstrate that the
   performance of the modified XVS system meets the same acceptance criteria as the cleared device.
  A table comparing the key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below:

                      xvision Spine System       xvision Spine System         Conclusion
                         (subject device)               (K220905)
                                                     (predicate device)
Intended Use     The xvision Spine System,    The xvision Spine System,    Identical
                     with xvision Spine System      with xvision Spine System
                    Software, is intended as an     Software, is intended as an
                     aid for precisely locating        aid for precisely locating
                   anatomical structures in       anatomical structures in
                      either open or percutaneous    either open or
                    spine procedures             percutaneous spine
                                                procedures
Indications for     Their use is indicated for any   Their use is indicated for      Similar. The additional
Use               medical condition in which     any medical condition in       registration method and
                    the use of stereotactic         which the use of              spinal procedures,
                    surgery may be appropriate,    stereotactic surgery may be   added to the indications
                 and where reference to a       appropriate, and where        for use, do not
                         rigid anatomical structure,      reference to a rigid            constitute a new
                  such as the spine or pelvis,    anatomical structure, such    intended use. The
                 can be identified relative to a   as the spine or pelvis, can    intended use of the XVS
                       patient’s fluoroscopic or CT    be identified relative to a     system is as an aid for
                  imagery of the anatomy. This    patient’s CT imagery of the    precisely locating
                 can include the following      anatomy. This can include    anatomical structures in
                     spinal procedures:             the following spinal            either open or
                             -  Posterior Pedicle Screw    procedures:                 percutaneous spine
                     Placement in the thoracic      -  Posterior Pedicle Screw   procedures. All added
                    and sacro-lumbar region.      Placement in the           indications for use fall
                             -  Posterior Screw                thoracic and sacro-        within this general
                     Placement in C3-C7           lumbar region.            intended use.
                        vertebrae                          -  Posterior Screw          Moreover, the added
                             -  Iliosacral Screw              Placement in C3-C7        indications, do not raise
                     Placement                     vertebrae                    different questions of
                             -  Angular procedures             -  Iliosacral Screw           safety and
                         requiring access to the        Placement                 effectiveness, and do
                        disc space                                              not significantly
                             -  Lateral trajectories                                      increase a safety or
                        required to access the                                     effectiveness concern
                         Sacro-Iliac joint                                           previously raised by the
                                                                                 predicate device.


                                              K241481 - Page 3 of 8

xvision Spine System       xvision Spine System         Conclusion
                         (subject device)               (K220905)
                                                     (predicate device)
                                                                             Furthermore, this
                                                                    change doesn’t impact
                                                                                the anatomical
                                                                                         structure, the patient
                                                                                population or the clinical
                                                                                context in which the
                                                                             device is being used.
                                                                      Hence, the proposed
                                                                    change in indications for
                                                                     use does not constitute
                                                                   a new intended use and
                                                                   a comparison to the
                                                                                 predicate device is still
                                                                            meaningful and the
                                                                              product can be
                                                                            considered substantially
                                                                                 equivalent with respect
                                                                                         to Intended Use and
                                                                                     Indications for Use.
User Population    Orthopedic surgeons or        Orthopedic surgeons or        Identical
                  neurosurgeons               neurosurgeons
Intended Use      Operating Room              Operating Room                Identical
Environment
Main system       • Headset with near eye       • Headset with near eye      Similar
components          see-through display and        see-through display and   The Ring Adapter was
                        tracking camera.               tracking camera.         added to support the
                    • Software application         • Software application      new registration
                    •  Flat reflective markers       •  Flat reflective markers     method. This added
                    •  Tool adaptors               •  Tool adaptors           component does not
                    • Reference point: Patient     • Reference point: Patient    alter the intended use of
                  Clamp and Perc Pin         Clamp and Perc Pin       the XVS system. The
                    • Computer, roll stand or      • Computer, roll stand       questions of accurate
                                                                            beads’ detection in                       Cart
                    • C-ARM Ring Adapter                                 imaging and accurate
                                                                                      calculation of the spatial
                                                                                      position of the Ring
                                                                          Adapter from the
                                                                               reference frame are
                                                          common to all the
                                                                                   configurations of the
                                                       XVS registration
                                                                            markers. Thus, adding
                                                                                               this component does
                                                                                not raise any new
                                                                              questions of safety and
                                                                                      effectiveness.


                                              K241481 - Page 4 of 8

xvision Spine System       Xvision Spine System         Conclusion
                         (subject device)               (K220905)
                                                     (predicate device)
Registration        •  IntraOp – requiring          •  IntraOp – requiring         Similar
methods             IntraOp 3D scan (Z-link &      IntraOp 3D scan (Z-link    Both registration
                           X-link)                 & X-link):               methods are based on
                                                                                the same fundamental
                    • 2D-3D (PreOp), requiring                                technology and
                  PreOp 3D CT scan and at                                    principles of operation.
                         least two IntraOp Xray                                     Overall system
                    images                                               accuracy while using
                                                                                the 2D-3D method was
                                                                                            verified to be
                                                                       comparable to the
                                                                             device accuracy while
                                                                             using the IntaOp
                                                                        method. Thus, no new
                                                                              questions of safety or
                                                                                       efficacy are raised. The
                                                                               reference device
                                                                                  (cleared under
                                                                    K180523) further
                                                                             supports the substantial
                                                                            equivalence of this
                                                                                       additional registration
                                                                    method
Rigid reference     •  Patient Clamp attached to    •  Patient Clamp attached     Identical
point                  the spinous process             to the spinous process
                    • Perc Pin inserted into the    • Perc Pin inserted into the
                   PSIS                      PSIS

Instrument (Tool)   • Reusable                   • Reusable                    Identical
Adaptors           •  universal (connects to       •  universal (connects to
                       various tools, not system-       various tools, not
                          specific)                        system-specific)
                    • VP & Ergonomic (system    • VP & Ergonomic (system
                         specific adaptors)               specific adaptors)
Localization        Optical                          Optical                          Identical
Technology
Reflective          •  Flat                         •  Flat                          Identical
Markers            •  Single use, provided         •  Single use, provided
                            sterile                               sterile
                    •  Sterilized by Gamma        •  Sterilized by Gamma
                       Radiation                      Radiation
Optical Tracker     Single infrared camera,         Single infrared camera,        Identical
                    positioned 0.5m above         positioned 0.5m above
                    tracked objects                tracked objects
Tracking         6 DOF                    6 DOF                          Identical


                                              K241481 - Page 5 of 8

xvision Spine System       xvision Spine System         Conclusion
                         (subject device)               (K220905)
                                                     (predicate device)
Tracking           Perspective N-point            Perspective N-point            Identical
Algorithm
System          System Level Accuracy with   System Level Accuracy with   Identical
Accuracy         a mean 3D positional error of   a mean positional error of
Requirement     2.0mm and mean trajectory   2.0mm and mean trajectory
                      error of 2°                       error of 2°
Depp-learning      •  Full spine anatomy          •  Full spine anatomy         Similar
based spine         segmentation from            segmentation from       The single vertebra
segmentation        background                  background              segmentation algorithm
algorithms         • Segmentation of single                            was added to support
                      spine vertebra                                           the new registration
                                                                        method. It does not alter
                                                                                the intended use of the
                                                                      system as an aid in
                                                                                          localization during spine
                                                                                  surgery. The added
                                                                                 algorithm is based on
                                                                                the same CNN
                                                                                     architecture as the full
                                                                             spine segmentation
                                                                                      algorithm.
                                                                The performance of the
                                                                                     single spine vertebra
                                                                                 algorithm was verified,
                                                                             using the same metrics
                                                                                                                  (i.e., DICE coefficient),
                                                                                         to be comparable to the
                                                                         performance of the full
                                                                             spine segmentation
                                                                                      algorithm.
                                                                          Thus, no new questions
                                                                                         of safety or efficacy are
                                                                                   raised
Imaging Modality  X-Ray Based Imaging        X-Ray Based Imaging          Identical
Medical Device     • O-arm Imaging System      • O-arm Imaging System     Similar
Interfaces          • Ziehm Vision FD Vario 3D   • Ziehm Vision FD Vario     Support to C-ARM
                  C-Arm and RFD 3D         3D C-Arm and RFD 3D    models was added due
                    • Siemens CIOS SPin         • Siemens CIOS SPin        to adding the new
                    •  Airo system by Brainlab      •  Airo system by Brainlab     registration method.
                    • ExcelsiusGPS               • ExcelsiusGPS            Xray images that are
                                                                            taken by these C-ARM
                                                                          models, are transferred                Round C-ARMS:
                                                                                         to the XVS system.             GE OEC 9900 Elite, GE OEC
                                                                       Adding the ability to                 9800 and 9800 plus all 9” &
                                                                               acquire Xray images                   12” models
                                                                    does not alter the


                                              K241481 - Page 6 of 8

xvision Spine System        xvision Spine System         Conclusion
                         (subject device)               (K220905)
                                                     (predicate device)
                                                                             intended use of the XVs
                                                                      system as an aid in
                                                                                          localization during spine
                                                                                  surgery. Transferring
                                                                        Xray images to the
                                                                      system is similar to
                                                                                        transferring 3D CT
                                                                       scans and does not
                                                                                     raise any new questions
                                                                                         of safety or
                                                                                      effectiveness.
Display Optics    Augmented Reality using     Augmented Reality using      Identical
and Technology   near eye see-through         near eye see-through
                      display; data displayed on       display; data displayed on
                       patient’s anatomy                patient’s anatomy
Communication    Wireless, encrypted            Wireless, encrypted            Identical
between Headset
and computer
Supported        5 GHz                    2.4GHZ & 5 GHz               Identical
Frequencies &     802.11g/n/ac                  802.11g/n/ac
Transmission
protocol
Frame rate of      60 fps                     60 fps                           Identical
displayed
images
OE Field of View   32.50 (vertical) X 180           32.50 (vertical) X 180           Identical
                       (horizontal)                       (horizontal)
Pixel resolution    1280x720 per eye           1280x720 per eye              Identical
Optical         <5%                  <5%                            Identical
Distortion
Headset power      Li-ion rechargeable battery      Li-ion rechargeable battery    Identical
source
Number of       Two                    Two                             Identical
supported
Headsets


   Performance Data

   The following testing was conducted to evaluate the device:

   •   Cleaning validation according to ANSI/AAMI ST98:2022 and shipping validation according to ISTA
     2A were performed on the new component, i.e., the Ring Adapter


                                              K241481 - Page 7 of 8

•   Registration accuracy and overall system accuracy accuracy were tested using phantoms, under
    different scenarios simulating clinical conditions. Phantom tests were performed when using the
    cleared registration methods and the added new registration method.

•  The system’s accuracy was validated in three cadaver studies in which screws were positioned in
    the sacro-iliac, sacro-lumbar, thoracic, and C3-C7 vertebrae levels. The positional and trajectory
    errors were calculated as the difference between the actual and virtual screw tip position, and the
    difference between the screw orientation and its recorded virtual trajectory. Additionally, clinical
   accuracy was evaluated using the Gertzbein-Robbins score by viewing the post-op scans.

•  The performance of the segmentation algorithm was validated on a set of CT scans by comparing
       it with manual segmentations that were approved by US physicians. The mean Dice coefficient
   was calculated as the measured quality of the algorithm.

•   Software verification and validation testing was conducted as required by IEC 62304 and FDA
   guidance on general principles of software validation, January 11, 2002.

•  Human Factors  Usability Testing was conducted  in accordance  with the FDA Guidance
   Documents, Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices (2016) and
    Application of Human Factors Engineering Principles for Combination Products: Questions and
   Answers (2023) and IEC 62366-1:2015 Medical devices  - Part 1: Application of  usability
    engineering to medical devices. Human Factors Usability Testing was conducted with intended
    users in a simulated use environment to ensure the user needs and intended use requirements
   were met.

All performance  testing demonstrates  that  the  xvision Spine System performs according  to
specifications and functions as intended.

Conclusions

The xvision Spine System is substantially equivalent to its predicate, the cleared xvision Spine System.
Both systems have the same intended use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation.
The expanded indications do not alter the intended surgical use of the device and do not affect its
safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. None of the minor differences in technology raise new
types of safety or effectiveness questions. Performance data demonstrated that the xvision Spine
System functions as intended.


                                          K241481 - Page 8 of 8