January 13, 2025


Arineta Ltd.
℅ Tanya Shalem
VP QA&RA
15 Halamish St.
Caesarea, 3088900
ISRAEL


Re: K241200
    Trade/Device Name: SpotLight/SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: April 30, 2024
    Received: December 13, 2024


Dear Tanya Shalem:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K241200 - Tanya Shalem                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241200 - Tanya Shalem                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K241200

Device Name
SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of
X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles. The system has the capability to image cardiovascular and
thoracic anatomies, including the heart, in a single rotation. The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac
scan techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for patient use above the age of 2 years). These images may be
obtained either with or without contrast. This device may include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and
equipment supports, components and accessories.
This device may include data and image processing to produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted planes.
The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography imaging of cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies that fit in the
scan field-of-view.
The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated for using low dose CT for
lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted with the established program criteria and protocols (for medium
and large patients) that have been approved and published by a governmental body or a professional medical society.
Information from professional societies related to lung cancer screening can be found but is not limited to: American
College of Radiology® (ACR) – resources and technical specification; accreditation American Association of Physicists
in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung Cancer Screening Protocols; radiation management. Please refer to clinical literature,
including the results of the National Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature,
for further information. The DLIR and ASIR-CV algorithms are not compatible with the Low Dose Lung Cancer
Screening option.
The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or abnormality and for planning of therapy procedures.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary (K241200)

   Arineta’s SpotLight/SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option


  I. SUBMITTER

Arineta Ltd.
15 Halamish Street
Caesarea 3088900 Israel
Phone: +972-4-6374000

Contact Person: Tanya Shalem, VP of QA&RA, E-mail: tanya.shalem@arineta.com

510k Number: K241200

Date Prepared: January 13, 2025


 II. DEVICE

Name of Device: SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option

Common Name: System, X-ray, Tomography, Computed

Classification Name: Computed tomography x-ray system

Regulation Number: 892.1750

Product Code(s): JAK


III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device Name: SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo (with DLIR option)

Manufacturer: Arineta Ltd.

510(k) Number: K230370

Common Name: System, X-ray, Tomography, Computed

Classification Name: Computed tomography x-ray system

Regulation Number: 892.1750

Product Code(s): JAK

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) option is an indication being added to the
existing Arineta scanners for SpotLight and SpotLight Duo, previously cleared by the FDA
(K230370, K213465).
There are not any functional, performance, feature, or design changes required for the CT
systems to which the option is applied.
This option includes scan protocols with CTDI that comply with AAPM's requirements for
Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening.
No Hardware modifications and minor Software modifications (for compatibility with the LowDose Lung Cancer Screening protocols) are required for the subject device, which includes
the following LD LCS protocol characteristics:
• Lung Cancer Screening protocols for medium and large patients according to AAPM’s
definitions.
• Lung Cancer Screening protocols option will be activated by service or production
personnel (no need for additional installation, option activation only).


 V. INTENDED USE

The SpotLight Computed Tomography X-ray system is intended for head, body, cardiac and
vascular X-ray computed tomography applications.


VI. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the body by
computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles. The
system has the capability to image cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies, including the
heart, in a single rotation. The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac scan
techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for patient use above the age of 2
years). These images may be obtained either with or without contrast. This device may
include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and equipment supports, components
and accessories.
This device may include data and image processing to produce images in a variety of transaxial and reformatted planes.
The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography imaging of cardiovascular and
thoracic anatomies that fit in the scan field-of-view.
The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated
for using low dose CT for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted with the
established program criteria and protocols (for medium and large patients) that have been
approved and published by a governmental body or a professional medical society.
Information from professional societies related to lung cancer screening can be found but is
not limited to: American College of Radiology® (ACR) – resources and technical
specification; accreditation American Association of Physicists in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung
Cancer Screening Protocols; radiation management. Please refer to clinical literature,
including the results of the National Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409)

and subsequent literature, for further information. The DLIR and ASIR-CV algorithms are not
 compatible with the Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening option.
 The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or abnormality and for planning of
 therapy procedures.


 VII. INDICATIONS FOR USE COMPARISON

 The proposed devices do not constitute a new intended use. There is a minor change in the
  indication for use – the addition of the LD LCS Option, references to ACR and AAPM
 guidelines, and specific DLIR and ASIR-CV limitations for that option.


VIII. TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON

 The technological characteristics of the SpotLight/SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung
 Cancer Screening (LD LCS) option and the predicate currently marketed SpotLight/
 SpotLight Duo are substantially the same, with no functional, performance, feature, or design
 changes, except for the added LD LCS scan protocols. The proposed LD LCS option has
  substantially the same reconstruction technology compared to the predicate currently
 marketed device. The DLIR and ASIR-CV algorithms are not compatible with the Low Dose
 Lung Cancer Screening option, as reflected in the Indications for Use.

 There is no new technology related to these LCS protocols or their operation. There are no
  significant differences that may raise new issues of safety or effectiveness. The proposed LD
 LCS scan protocols have low dose characteristics for medium and large patients and comply
 with the relevant AAPM CTDI dose values. These parameters were chosen to optimize
 image quality while minimizing the dose.

 The determination of substantial equivalence of the proposed new LD LCS protocols to the
 cleared predicate device was further evaluated on the bench testing. The new LDCT LCS
 protocols for Arineta systems were tested and validated by using traditional Image Quality
 (IQ) metrics on standard phantoms, and compared to the IQ results of the cleared predicate
 standard dose device. The results indicate maintaining the proposed device’s LD LCS
 protocols for all IQ metrics, including accuracy, uniformity, resolution, contrast scale, and
 NPS frequencies. Testing was also performed using a semi-anthropomorphic clinical
 simulation lung phantom where the CNR and nodule sizing comparisons were performed for
 Arineta systems using their new LDCT LCS protocols. The results showed that the nodules’
  level of conspicuity and accurate sizing were maintained for the proposed device LDCT LCS
 protocols. Therefore, it indicated that the proposed devices LD LCS protocols and predicate
 devices were substantially equivalent.

 A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate device is provided below.

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                        for Qualified Arineta Systems                    (K230370) CT X-ray System (with DLIR option)

Indications for Use

Indications for use    The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-   The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo (with DLIR option) is intended  The indications for use are
                          sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of     to produce cross-sectional images of the body by computer     similar, with the same
                       X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles.    reconstruction of x-ray transmission projection data taken at    indications for the entire
                   The system has the capability to image cardiovascular and      different angles. The system has the capability to image        device, except for minor
                          thoracic anatomies, including the heart, in a single rotation.     cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies, including the heart,     differences; the indications
                   The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac     in a single rotation. The system may acquire data using          for use for the proposed
                                                                                                 Axial, Cine, and Cardiac scan techniques from patients of all                     scan techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for                                                                 SpotLight/SpotLight Duo
                                                                        ages (DLIR is limited for patient use above the age of 2                          patient use above the age of 2 years). These images may be                                                             devices include Low Dose
                                                                                          years). These images may be obtained either with or without                       obtained either with or without contrast. This device may                                                         Lung Cancer Screening
                                                                                            contrast. This device may include signal analysis and display                         include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and                                                              Option with additional
                                                                                equipment, patient and equipment supports, components
                      equipment supports, components and accessories.                                                                        references to ACR and
                                                                       and accessories.
                        This device may include data and image processing to                                              AAPM guidelines, and                                                                                   This device may include data and image processing to                      produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted                                                                          specific DLIR and ASIR-CV                                                                            produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted
                        planes.                                                                                                                                       limitation for that option. LCS                                                                                     planes.                                                                                                                                                                indication for use does not
                   The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography      The system is indicated for X-ray Computed Tomography       constitute a new intended
                      imaging of cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies that fit in    imaging of cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies that fit in    use for the CT.
                        the scan field-of-view.                                        the scan field of view.
                   The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for        The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or
                        SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated for using low dose CT   abnormality and for planning of therapy procedures.
                             for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted
                         with the established program criteria and protocols (for
                   medium and large patients) that have been approved and
                        published by a governmental body or a professional medical
                           society. Information from professional societies related to
                        lung cancer screening can be found but is not limited to:
                     American College of Radiology® (ACR) – resources and
                          technical specification; accreditation American Association of
                         Physicists in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung Cancer Screening
                         Protocols; radiation management. Please refer to clinical
                             literature, including the results of the National Lung
                      Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and
                      subsequent literature, for further information.
                   The DLIR and ASIR-CV options are not compatible with the
                  Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening option.
                   The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or
                        abnormality and for planning of therapy procedures.

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                        for Qualified Arineta Systems                    (K230370) CT X-ray System (with DLIR option)

Technological Characteristics

Detector technology     Fast scintillator array coupled to photodiode array.             Fast scintillator array coupled to photodiode array.         Same
and geometry
                    33 (WFOV) or 23 (EFOV) configurable high resolution (HR)    33 (WFOV) or 23 (EFOV) configurable high resolution (HR)
                     modules comprising 192 detector rows X pitch 0.5mm (Z      modules comprising 192 detector rows X pitch 0.5mm (Z
                            direction, measured at scanner center).                           direction, measured at scanner center).

                    10 (WFOV) or 20 (EFOV) configurable low resolution (LR).    10 (WFOV)-20 (EFOV) configurable low resolution (LR).
                EFOV includes 10 modules on each wing while WFOV      EFOV includes 10 modules on each wing while WFOV
                        includes 10 modules on one wing. comprising 48 detector      includes 10 modules on one wing. comprising 48 detector
                     rows X pitch 2.0mm                                     rows X pitch 2.0mm

                      Analog to digital conversion per channel on the detection      Analog to digital conversion per channel on the detection
                      module.                                                module.

                 1D antiscatter collimator.                           1D antiscatter collimator.

Data transmission       Contactless transmission (capacitive coupling). Rate up to     Contactless transmission (capacitive coupling). Rate up to    Same
from rotor              6.25 GBit/sec                                              6.25 GBit/sec

Power and control      Brush contact slipring                                    Brush contact slipring                             Same
transmission to rotor

Rotation drive           Direct drive DC motor                                           Direct drive DC motor                             Same

X Ray source         2 x MCS 2093 X ray tubes by Varex Imaging Corp.           2 x MCS 2093 X ray tubes by Varex Imaging Corp.         Same

                        Single ended grounded rotating anode                        Single ended grounded rotating anode

                   Anode angle 13 degrees                              Anode angle 13 degrees

                        1.0 MHU anode heat capacity                                1.0 MHU anode heat capacity

                        Grid controlled focal spot modulation in X direction             Grid controlled focal spot modulation in X direction

                      Small and large focal spots                                Small and large focal spots

                  Max kVp: 140 kV                                 Max kVp: 140 kV

                  Max power: 72 KW                               Max power: 72 KW

Patient table            Motorized vertical and horizontal motion.                     Motorized vertical and horizontal motion.                Same

                        Optional lateral motion                                       Optional lateral motion.

                         Cantilever carbon fiber patient cradle.                          Cantilever carbon fiber patient cradle.

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                        for Qualified Arineta Systems                    (K230370) CT X-ray System (with DLIR option)

Image reconstruction    Multicore PC and GPU                                        Multicore PC and GPU                            Same
hardware

Image reconstruction    Modified FDK cone beam algorithm adapted for dual tubes     Modified FDK cone beam algorithm adapted for dual tubes     Substantially the same
algorithm               geometry.                                                geometry.                                                     reconstruction technology,
                                                                                                                                         except the ASIR-CV and AIAdaptive filter to reduce directional noise in low level raw       Adaptive filter to reduce directional noise in low level raw      based DLIR image
                       data (MBAF).                                              data (MBAF).                                                  reconstruction algorithms.
                                                                                                                     The proposed LD LCS
                                                                                    Non-local means algorithm MBAF2 (optional).                        Non-local means algorithm MBAF2 (optional).                                                                                option is not compatible with
                                                                               For WFOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high        DLIR and ASIR-CV.                      For WFOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high
                                                                                           resolution images according to detector configuration, lower   The LD LCS option is                          resolution images according to detector configuration, lower
                                                                                           resolution images outside FOV covered by high resolution      available with or without                          resolution images outside FOV covered by high resolution
                                                                                          detectors.                                        MBAF2.                         detectors.

                                                                               For extended FOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high                      For extended FOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high
                          resolution images up to FOV250mm, lower resolution           resolution images up to FOV250mm, lower resolution
                     images outside FOV250mm.                             images outside FOV250mm.

                                                                    ASIR-CV or DLIR AI based image reconstruction algorithm.

Construction Materials   Metal parts (mostly steel and aluminum)                     Metal parts (mostly steel and aluminum)                Same

                    Lead and tungsten for X-ray shielding                     Lead and tungsten for X-ray shielding

                   PCB, electronic components and electronic cables          PCB, electronic components and electronic cable
                     components                                          components

                       Table top made of carbon fiber reinforced resin                Table top made of carbon fiber reinforced resin

                     Covers made pf molded polymers and reinforced resins       Covers made pf molded polymers and reinforced resins

                            Oil in X-ray tubes cooling systems                                Oil in X-ray tubes cooling systems

                        Detector scintillators made of CdWO4 and Gadolinium         Detector scintillators made of CdWO4 and Gadolinium
                        Oxysulfide (GOS) used in other legally marketed CT           Oxysulfide (GOS) used in other legally marketed CT
                      scanners                                                scanners

Energy sources         Wall supply 380 to 480 V 3 phase                            Wall supply 380 to 480 V 3 phase                    Same

                  Max power demand 115 kVA                         Max power demand 115 kVA

                  Max X ray power (total for two tubes) 72kW              Max X ray power (total for two tubes) 72kW

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                        for Qualified Arineta Systems                    (K230370) CT X-ray System (with DLIR option)

                      Laser alignment lights: gantry bore external lasers. <0.1mW    Laser alignment lights: gantry bore external lasers. <0.1mW
                       per laser beam                                             per laser beam

                     Three lead ECG trigger module, powered by medical grade    Three lead ECG trigger module, powered by medical grade
                     power supply through the system PDU                    power supply through the system PDU

Software               Provided with software in three domains:                     Provided with software in three domains:                       Substantially the same, with
                                                                                                                                       minor changes in the added                        •   Console software                                        •   Console software
                                                                                                          LD LCS protocols (for
                        •   Image reconstruction software                            •   Image reconstruction software                      medium and large patients)
                                                                                                                                            per AAPM guidelines.
                        •   Embedded software                                      •   Embedded software

Max Rotation speed    250 RPM (0.24 sec per rotation)                         250 RPM (0.24 sec per rotation)                     Same

Min scan time          0.16 sec (partial), 0.24 sec (full scan) – FOV up to 250mm     0.16 sec (partial), 0.24 sec (full scan) – FOV up to 250mm
                       0.24 sec (full scan) – HR imaging at FOV above 250mm for    0.24 sec (full scan) – HR imaging at FOV above 250mm for   Same
                      asymmetric detector                                      asymmetric detector

Max axial coverage in  140mm (280 slices x 0.5mm pitch)                   140mm (280 slices x 0.5mm pitch)
                                                                                                        Same
a single axial scan

Field of View (FOV)    25cm - 250mm at high resolution                      25cm - 250mm at high resolution

               WFOV - High resolution images at configurable FOV       WFOV - High resolution images at configurable FOV
                     between 250mm and 450mm                            between 250mm and 450mm                       Same
                EFOV – Lower resolution in the FOV between HR coverage   EFOV – Lower resolution in the FOV between HR coverage
                    and 450mm                                                                       and 450mm

Max spatial resolution   17.5 lp/cm cutoff at center                                  17.5 lp/cm cutoff at center

                       10.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV        10.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV
                                                                250mm) covered by HR detectors                    Same                  250mm) covered by HR detectors
                                                                                     7.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV                        7.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV
                  250mm) covered by LR detectors                      250mm) covered by LR detectors

Bore size             60 cm                                              60 cm                                       Same

Max Patient weight     227 Kg (500 lbs)                                     227 Kg (500 lbs)                                Same

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                        for Qualified Arineta Systems                    (K230370) CT X-ray System (with DLIR option)

Add on parts and       Operator console table                                     Operator console table                            Same
accessories
                  NG2000 Table slickers                             NG2000 Table slickers

                      Bar code reader                                         Bar code reader

                          Uninterruptible Power Supply                                   Uninterruptible Power Supply

                  Head& hands and knees support                      Head& hands and knees support

Image Quality Metrics

CT number accuracy - In a low signal situation such as with LD LCS, the CT number measured in a nodule may be compromised. In LCS, the CT number may be a reference against
potentially calcified nodules.
CT number uniformity - In a low signal situation such as LD LCS, maintaining sufficient CT number uniformity throughout the lung and various structures is important for more robust
detectability of nodules. Uniformity is needed to maintain CT number separation between structures.
Image noise (standard deviation) - As dose is reduced, background noise in the image increases. If this noise becomes too large, nodule detectability and sizing measurement may
be compromised.
Modulation Transfer Function (MTF) - MTF is a measure of the high contrast spatial resolution performance of the system. Nodules in the lung are high contrast objects and therefore,
MTF should be preserved at lower dose conditions.
Visual Resolution/Image Artifacts - This relates to the evaluation of images to assess their visual resolution using high contrast bar patterns and evaluation of the degree of artifacts
(e.g., low signal streaks, beam hardening). These tests are relevant because of the high contrast detection task of relatively small objects for this application. Streak or beam
hardening may obscure pathology and affect CT number accuracy.
Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) - Similar to standard deviation of noise, changes in noise texture may result in nodule detection becoming more challenging especially if there is a
significant shift in the frequency of the noise, and/or an increase in amplitude of the NPS plot.
Slice Thickness - The ability to produce slice thicknesses (FWHM of the slice sensitivity profile) that are close to the nominal slice thickness is important in defining clear edges and
boundaries of the nodule and in nodule sizing.
Contrast to Noise (CNR) - Sufficient CNR is needed to detect solid and non-solid nodules in the lung. This metric is similar to SNR but accounts for the contrast between an object
and the background. Arineta believes this is the primary figure of metric to evaluate nodule detectability.

The image quality metrics were used for evaluation to determine substantial equivalence. Each metric is provided with a description of the impact/relevance of the metric for LCS. All
IQ metrics used for both the proposed and the predicate device are the same.

IX. NON-CLINICAL TESTING SUMMARY

Arineta Ltd. has conducted extensive bench testing on the Low Dose CT Lung Cancer
Screening (LCS) option for the Spotlight and Spotlight Duo CT systems. Additional testing
was conducted on Arineta’s current qualified SpotLight/SpotLight Duo CT systems cleared in
K230370 (the predicate device) and the LCS option of GE Revolution CT (the reference
device) for comparison.

Non-clinical tests of the LCS protocols for Spotlight/Spotlight Duo systems have
demonstrated that all image quality metrics are substantially equivalent to the predicate:
1. Uniformity and CT numbers for LCS protocols are maintained in the LCS protocol,
comparable to the predicate device, and are within ~3 Hounsfield Units.
2. The Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) curve is comparable to the predicate device, with
noise reduction slightly shifting the NPS curve to the lower frequencies in both LCS protocol
and in the predicate device.
3. Resolution for LCS protocols is maintained compared to the predicate device.
4. Contrast to Noise Ratio (CNR) was measured using the LCS phantom, which includes
nodules with different types, HU and sizes. The CNR is linearly related among the LCS
protocol and the predicate device, with and without noise reduction (MBAF2). The CNR is
comparable to the reference device.
5. All nodule types in the Lung Phantom, including the smallest (4mm) and lowest contrast
nodules, are detectable. The nodule size is similar between LCS protocol, predicate, and
reference devices, and is according to the LCS phantom specification.


 X. CLINICAL TESTING SUMMARY

To confirm that images are clinically acceptable for use, a clinical image quality assessment
was performed by two U.S. board-certified radiologists. The data evaluated were collected
from two (2) U.S sites and included Low-Dose lung screening exams scanned with Arineta’s
SpotLight systems. The results show that all fourteen (14) cases, representing medium and
large patient sizes per AAPM guidelines (0.25 to 2.8 mGy range has not been clinically
evaluated), were evaluated as diagnostic for the indications for use. Moreover, the readers
reported various pathologies, including very small nodules (2mm), therefore, the images
enable the detection of findings relevant to LD LCS.
Based on the image assessment, it can be concluded that LCS using Low-Dose protocols on
the SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo systems generates sufficient diagnostic-quality images.
The clinical image evaluation resulted in the expected detectability of the proposed
SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo with LD LCS option, without raising any new safety and/or
effectiveness concerns compared to the currently marketed predicate device.


XI. CONCLUSIONS

Based on the Indications for Use and technological characteristics comparisons, non-clinical
performance bench testing, and clinical image quality evaluation, the SpotLight/ SpotLight
Duo with LD LCS option has a safety and effectiveness profile, that is similar to the predicate
device. Thus, the proposed SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening
Option is substantially equivalent to the predicate marketed Arineta’s CT systems.