Imbio, Inc
Lauren Keith
Director of Engineering
1015 Glenwood Ave
Floor 4
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55405

                                                                   August 30, 2024
Re: K241847
    Trade/Device Name: Imbio PHA (4.0.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 6, 2024
    Received: August 6, 2024

Dear Lauren Keith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241847 - Lauren Keith                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241847
Device Name
Imbio PHA (4.0.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Imbio PHA Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart, the main pulmonary artery, and the ascending aorta from a volumetric CTPA
acquisition and report the RV/LV and Pa/Ao ratios. PHA analyzes cases using an artificial
intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the anatomy. The PHA software
provides the user with annotated images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be
used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment
of CTPA cases.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

-sr0wm Kestea7 5 10(k) Summary Prepared on: 2024.00-27
|e Details 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
| Device Name 21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
| Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
Predicate # Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first) Product Code
| Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)

Imbio's PHA Software is a set of medical image post-processing computer algorithms that together perform automated right and left
ventricle, pulmonary artery (PA), and aorta (Ao) measurements from CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) scans, and reports the RV/LV and
PA/Ao ratios. The Imbio PHA is a single command-line executable program that may be run directly from the command-line or through
scripting and thus the user interface is minimal.

Imbio PHA Software is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) intended to provide annotated DICOM-formatted images and a PDF report
that will be read most typically at a PACS workstation. Imbio PHA Software is an aid, only used to support a physician in the analysis of
CTPA images.

The Imbio PHA Software program reads in CTPA DICOM datasets, processes the data, then writes output DICOM files and summary
reports to a specified directory. Imbio PHA Software outputs DICOMs of the original input DICOM CT images overlaid with color-codings
indicating where the measurements were made. Additionally, a summary PDF report is output.

Imbio PHA Software does not interface directly with any CT scanner or data collection equipment; instead the software imports data
previously generated by such equipment and is integrated as part of the radiological workflow, reducing the risk of use errors.

100 contrast-enhanced CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) datasets were used for standalone performance assessment. The datasets
were sourced from multiple centers and multiple databases and included a range of convolution kernels (vendor equivalent of GE's Soft,
Detail, Standard, and Standard Iterative kernels) and slice thicknesses (0.75 mm, 1.00 mm, 1.25 mm, 1.5 mm, and 2.00 mm) from the four
major CT scanner vendors. The datasets are representative of the intended patients because they are all clinically indicated for a CTPA
scan, which is primarily indicated for suspicion of pulmonary embolism or pulmonary hypertension.

Three expert, U.S. board-certified radiologists practicing within the United States were enrolled to perform ground truthing of the
performance datasets. Each truther had a minimum of 10 years clinical experience. The ground truthing exercise consisted of each
radiologist measuring the diameter of the pulmonary artery trunk at the level of the bifurcation and the aorta diameter at the same slice.
Intra-class correlation coefficients were calculated to show equivalency. There were two acceptance criterion:

*ICC of all measurements (annotators and algorithm) > 0.90 (excellent)

*ICC of all measurements (annotators and algorithm) within 95% Cl of the ICC of only annotators

Intended Use/Indications for Use 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
The Imbio PHA Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left ventricles of the heart, the main
pulmonary artery, and the ascending aorta from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the RV/LV and Pa/Ao ratios. PHA analyzes
cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the anatomy. The PHA software provides the
user with annotated images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
The Indications for Use differ slightly between the predicate and the proposed devices. The IFUs have been reworded slightly to include
the main pulmonary artery and ascending aorta measurements. The overall intended use of the devices are equivalent: to use deeplearning models to measure diameters of clinically relevant cardiovascular structures from a CTPA image. The differences in IFU
statements have no negative impact on safety or effectiveness because neither the predicate’s nor the subject device's results are not
intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.
Technological Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

Proposed Device Characteristics

Name: Imbio PHA

510(k) Number: TBD

Product Code: QIH

Regulation Name: Picture Archiving and communications systems

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Input Data Requirements - General: Non-gated, CT Pulmonary Angiography images

DICOM compliant: Yes

LV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

RV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

mPA Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

Ao Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

Diameters Measurements: Yes - Automated

Fully-automated: Yes

Interface: Command-line

Ability to QA Results: Yes - via outputs

Outputs: Report, DICOM Secondary Capture series

Proposed Indications for Use: The Imbio PHA Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart, the main pulmonary artery, and the ascending aorta from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the RV/LV and
Pa/Ao ratios. PHA analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the anatomy. The
PHA software provides the user with annotated images showing measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

Predicate Device Characteristics

Name: Imbio RV/LV

510(k) Number: K203256

Product Code: QIH

Regulation Name: Picture Archiving and communications systems

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Input Data Requirements - General: Non-gated, CT Pulmonary Angiography images

DICOM compliant: Yes

LV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

RV Segmentation: Yes - Deep Learning

mPA Segmentation: No

Ao Segmentation: No

Diameters Measurements: Yes - Automated

Fully-automated: Yes

Interface: Command-line

Ability to QA Results: Yes - via outputs

Outputs: Report, DICOM Secondary Capture series

Predicate Indications for Use: The Imbio RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases using an
artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the ventricles. The RV/LV software provides the user with
annotated images showing ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)
No clinical testing was conducted. The Imbio PHA Software provides quantitative metrics with well-known clinical value. Non-Clinical
testing was conducted to ensure that the measurements provided by the PHA Software, specifically the PA and Ao diameters, resemble
measurements of the same anatomy performed by radiologists. The ICC between three expert radiologists and the algorithm results is
0.94, indicating excellent agreement.

The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical and clinical tests demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective as Imbio RV/LV
(K203256).