January 10, 2025

PeriGen, Inc.
Candace Alva
Director of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
Sderot Nim 2, P.O. Box 110
Rishon LeTziyon, 7510002
Israel


Re:   K241009
       Trade/Device Name: PeriCALM Patterns 3.0
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR§ 884.2740
       Regulation Name: Perinatal Monitoring System and Accessories
       Regulatory Class:  II
       Product Code: HGM
       Dated: December 11, 2024
       Received: December 11, 2024

Dear Candace Alva:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241009 - Candace Alva                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K241009 - Candace Alva                                                              Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                             Sincerely,
                 Monica D. Garcia -S
                                   Monica D. Garcia, Ph.D.
                                            Assistant Director
                               DHT3B: Division of Reproductive,
                                      Gynecology and Urology Devices
                                OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn,
                                          General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                          Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                         Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K241009

Device Name
PeriCALM Patterns 3.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
PeriCALM Patterns is intended for use to provide additional secondary information as an adjunct to qualified clinical
decision-making during antepartum or intrapartum obstetrical monitoring at ≥32 weeks gestation for annotation and
summary of the fetal heart rate recording for baseline, accelerations and decelerations and the uterine pressure recording
for contractions.

WARNING: Evaluation of FHR during labor and patient management decisions should not be based solely on PeriCALM
Patterns annotations or summaries and should include inspection of the fetal monitor tracing and consideration of all
pertinent clinical information.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K241009
                                                                      Page 1 of 4


                            510(k) Summary
              PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 – K241009


Date Summary Prepared:        January 10, 2025
Submitter Information
Submitted by:                 PeriGen   Solutions,   Ltd
                                Sderot Nim 2, PO Box 110,
                             Rishon LeTziyon,
                             7510002, Israel
Telephone:                    +972-3-905-9900
Contact Person:               Natan Blanks
                      GM, Israel Operations
Subject Device Information
Device Trade Name:          PeriCALM Patterns 3.0
Common Name:               Computer-based  information  management  system  for
                                    obstetrical care
Regulation Name:                Perinatal monitoring system and accessories
Regulation Number           21 CFR 884.2740
Device Panel:                   Obstetrics/Gynecology
Product code:           HGM (system, monitoring, perinatal)
Regulatory Class:                     II
Predicate Device Information
Predicate Device:         CALM Patterns PeriGen Solutions, Ltd. (Also listed as
                         PeriCALM Patterns)

                           The predicate device has not been subject to a designrelated recall
510(k) Number              K040788
Device Description
PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 is a software device to be used with fetal/maternal monitoring systems.
The subject device is a software algorithm to detect, label and measure features (accelerations,
decelerations, baseline, and contractions) in electronic  fetal monitoring (EFM) records.
PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 uses fetal monitor data imported through an interface with an external
source or with a third-party clinical information system. PeriCALM Patterns can function in a
networked environment or as a standalone workstation.
The subject device includes present-day Long and Short-Term Memory (LSTM) neural
networks to identify segments of a fetal heart rate tracing corresponding to accelerations,
decelerations, baseline as well as uninterpretable segments where there is missing tracing.
Contraction detection is achieved using the same processes as the predicate device.

K241009
                                                                        Page 2 of 4


Indications for Use
PeriCALM Patterns is intended for use to provide additional secondary information as an
adjunct to qualified clinical decision-making during antepartum or intrapartum obstetrical
monitoring at ≥32 weeks gestation for annotation and summary of the fetal heart rate recording
 for baseline, accelerations and decelerations and the uterine pressure recording for contractions.

WARNING: Evaluation of FHR during labor and patient management decisions should not be
based solely on PeriCALM Patterns annotations or summaries and should include inspection of
the fetal monitor tracing and consideration of all pertinent clinical information.


Comparison of Intended Use and Technological Characteristics of the Subject and Predicate
Device
                                     Subject Device                 Predicate Device
                           PeriGen – PeriCALM Patterns      PeriGen – PeriCALM
                                               3.0                          Patterns
                                  K241009                   K040788
                        PeriCALM Patterns is intended for
                               use    to   provide    additional
                              secondary  information  as  an
                                adjunct   to   qualified   clinical
                               decision-making          during                                       CALM Patterns  is intended for                              antepartum    or    intrapartum                                                               use as an adjunct  to  qualified                                    obstetrical  monitoring   at  ≥32                                                                            clinical decision-making during                           weeks gestation for analysis of the                                                              antepartum    or    intrapartum                                      fetal  heart  rate  recording  for                                                                          obstetrical  monitoring  at  ≥36                                   baseline,    accelerations    and                                                        weeks   gestation   to   obtain                                  decelerations  and  the  uterine                                                                  annotation  of  the  FHR   for Intended Use                   pressure      recording       for                                                                       baseline,    accelerations,   and                                   contractions.                                                                        decelerations.
                     WARNING: Evaluation of FHR                                            WARNING: Evaluation of FHR                               during    labor   and    patient                                                                during    labor   and    patient                           management decisions should not                                                       management decisions should not                             be based  solely on PeriCALM                                                           be  based   solely  on CALM                                  Patterns annotations or summaries                                                                     Patterns annotations.                            and should include inspection of
                                 the  fetal  monitor  tracing  and
                                 consideration of all pertinent
                                     clinical information.

 Applicable gestational age     ≥32 weeks                   ≥36 weeks
                                 Collects FHR and uterine activity  Collects  FHR  and   uterine
 Data Collection                 data      from       electronic  activity  data  from  electronic
                                  maternal/fetal monitors.            maternal/fetal monitors.
                            Samples FHR at a minimum of Samples FHR at a minimum of
                                 four samples per second. Samples four samples per second. SamplesSample Rate                                  uterine activity at a minimum or 1  uterine activity at a minimum or 1
                             sample per second.              sample per second.

K241009
                                                                          Page 3 of 4


   Pattern recognition module core Signal  processing  and  neural  Signal  processing  and  neural
   technology                    networks                        networks
   Neural  network  interference:
   combined  accel-decel-baseline Yes                     No
  + non-interpretable detection
   Measurement   and    labeling                            Yes                         Yes   accelerations on the tracing
   Baseline measurements       Yes                         Yes
   Contraction measurements     Yes                         Yes
   Analysis provided and                             15 or 30 minutes               20 minutes   summarized in time intervals
   Provides users with the option to Yes                         Yes
    select, modify and export a set of
   summarized measurements.
   Displays      a      long-term                            Yes                         Yes   compressed view of tracing
   Summarizes measurements with                            Yes                         Yes   the long-term view.
   Handling   of   disagreements                               User  can   delete   a   feature  User can add, modify or delete a   between   algorithm   detected                                  annotation                         feature annotation.   patterns and clinician opinion
   Non-interpretable     segments                            Yes                     No   where there is missing tracing

The indications for use of PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 are similar to the predicate device and the subject
and predicate device have the same intended use – as an adjunct to clinical decision making during
antepartum, or intrapartum monitoring. The subject device has an extended gestational age from ≥
32 weeks, compared to the predicate device which has a gestational age from ≥ 36 weeks. This
difference in gestational age does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

The technological differences between the subject and predicate device include the addition of
neural network  interference (combined  accel-decel-baseline +  non-interpretable  detection),
different time intervals of analysis, and differences in the managements of non-interpretable
segments for a missing trace. These differences do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device.

Summary of Non-clinical Performance Testing

Software and Cybersecurity

Software was evaluated as recommended in the 2023 FDA guidance document “Content of
Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions.” The following activities were successfully
completed:
   •  Risk Analysis / Management
   •  Requirements Reviews
   •  Design Reviews
   •  Software Verification and Validation

K241009
                                                                         Page 4 of 4


The successful V&V tests demonstrate that the device performs in accordance with specifications.
Cybersecurity was evaluated as recommended in the 2023 FDA guidance document “Cybersecurity
in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions.”

Summary of Clinical Performance Testing

A retrospective study with multi-reader/multi-case technique was used  to determine  if the
performance of PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 is not inferior to that of a set of qualified and experienced
Obstetrician Gynecologists called the Clinician Readers. The predicate device was cleared for use
in gestational ages of ≥36 weeks comparing to Ground Truth and Clinician Readers. The same
approach was taken for this study, comparing PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 to Ground Truth and Clinician
Readers for two gestational age subgroups: ≥36 weeks (term) and 32-35 weeks (pre-term). The
ground truth for this study is established by a panel of 3 experts, called the “Truthers”. To resolve the
inter-observer variation, a majority opinion approach was used. The results of the comparison of the
subject device to ground truth is to be non-inferior to the results of the comparison of Readers to
ground truth.
A total of 70 subjects (30 preterm and 40 term), with one tracing per subject, were used in the study.
Tracings were obtained from hospitals using a variety of fetal monitor models and manufacturers
including Corometrics 170, 250 series by GE HealthCare, Avalon FM50 and FM40 by Philips
Medical, and S1 from Neoventa and included both antepartum and intrapartum recordings. The
tracings were selected from pregnancies with gestational ages from 32 weeks to term, covering a
wide range of operating and clinical conditions with respect to maternal BMI, delivery modes, fetal
birth weights, hospital types, Apgar scores and antepartum or intrapartum usage.
The study included sixteen (16) co-primary endpoints with different acceptance criteria for noninferiority. Twelve (12) co-primary endpoints pertained to accelerations and decelerations for both
gestational groups (i.e., Term and Preterm) and included performance metrics (Sensitivity (Se),
Specificity (Sp), Positive Predictive Value (PPV)) of the subject device compared to those of the
Readers. Remaining four co-primary endpoints focused on the FHR baseline measurements and
were based on Bland-Altman analyses to determine bias, the mean difference between two methods
and the Limits of Agreement (LoA) which include 95% of the differences between the two
measurement methods. Inferiority margin of 15% for acceleration and deceleration detection and
10% for baseline level was used. The acceptance criteria for 95% CI of Bias for the subject device
was set to threshold of ≤ 5 bpm.
PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 passed all acceptance criteria on performance testing regarding pattern
detection.

Conclusion

The performance data described above demonstrate that the PeriCALM Patterns 3.0 is as safe and
effective as the PeriCALM Patterns (K040788) and supports a determination of substantial
equivalence.