JLK, Inc.
℅ John Smith
M.D, J.D. - Global Regulatory Partner
Hogan Lovells
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

                                                                    September 27, 2024
Re: K241480
    Trade/Device Name: JBS-LVO
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: August 30, 2024
    Received: August 30, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241480 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K241480 - John Smith                                                                Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K241480

Device Name
JBS-LVO


Indications for Use (Describe)
JBS-LVO is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and
communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care workflow.

JBS-LVO uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical
condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image
interpretation. Identification of suspected positive findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the
device analyzes CT angiogram images of the brain acquired in the acute setting and sends notifications to a neurovascular
specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been identified and recommends a review of those images. Images
can be previewed through a mobile application. JBS-LVO is intended to analyze terminal ICA and MCA-M1 vessels for
LVOs.

Images that are previewed through the mobile application are compressed and for informational purposes only. They are
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The JBS-LVO device does not alter the original medical image.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in
appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or
requests. JBS-LVO is limited to the analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or
relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.


Limitations:
The device does not process scans containing metallic artifacts.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k)#: K241480           510(k) Summary             Prepared on: 2024-09-26
Contact Details                                           21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
Applicant Name               JLK, Inc.

Applicant Address           JLK Tower, 5, Teheran-ro 33-gil Gangnam-gu Seoul n/a 06141 Korea,
                            South

Applicant Contact Telephone   (+82)1038507933

Applicant Contact               Dr. Kim Dongmin

Applicant Contact Email       dmkim@jlkgroup.com

Correspondent Name            Hogan Lovells

Correspondent Address           Columbia Square 555 Thirteenth Street NW Washington D/C 20004
                                  United States

Correspondent Contact Telephone  (+1)2026373638

Correspondent Contact             Mr. Smith John

Correspondent Contact Email       john.smith@hoganlovells.com

 Device Name                                            21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
Device Trade Name         JBS-LVO

Common Name                Radiological computer aided triage and notification software

Classification Name            Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And Notification Software

Regulation Number           892.2080

Product Code(s)          QAS

 Legally Marketed Predicate Devices                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
  Predicate #            Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)           Product Code
  K223042              Viz LVO                                     QAS

  K221248            Rapid LVO                                    QAS
 Device Description Summary                              21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 JBS-LVO is a radiological computer aided triage and notification (CADt) software package compliant with the DICOM standard. JBS-LVO is a
 notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to analyze computed tomography angiography
 (CTA) images for findings suggestive of a suspected large vessel occlusion (LVO) and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these
 findings in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Specifically, JBS-LVO is optimized to evaluate occlusions of the intracranial
 carotid artery (ICA) and proximal middle cerebral artery (MCA-M1 segment). It is important to clarify that this quantification is solely used
 within the device's Al module to facilitate a refined classification process. The output provided to healthcare professionals is strictly a flag
 indicating the presence (positive) of an LVO, in accordance with regulatory guidelines.
The images used to train the algorithm were sourced from datasets that included equipment from various manufacturers, such as Siemens,

Philips, Toshiba, and GE. This dataset, containing over 2,000 CT brain imaging studies, was labeled by trained radiologists to identify the
presence of LVO. The performance of the device's Al algorithms was validated in a standalone performance evaluation, utilizing an
independent dataset different from the one used for algorithm training. In this standalone performance evaluation, each case output from
the JBS-LVO device was compared with a ground truth standard which was determined by two ground truthers, with a third ground truther
intervening in cases of disagreement. All truthers were US board-certified neuroradiologists.

JBS-LVO is a combination of software modules that allow for detection and notification of patients with a suspected LVO. JBS-LVO consists of
an algorithm and mobile application software module.

The JBS-LVO Image Analysis Algorithm (LVO Detection Algorithm) is a locked, artificial intelligence (Al) software algorithm utilizing
convolutional neural network (CNN) that analyzes CTA images of the brain for a suspected LVO. The LVO Detection Algorithm is hosted on the
JLK-server and analyzes applicable CTA images of the brain that are acquired on CT scanners and are automatically transmitted to the JLKserver. Upon detection of a suspected LVO, the LVO notification module sends a notification of the suspected finding.

The JBS-LVO notification functionality enable medical professionals and clinicians to preview compressed and informational images through
via mobile application notification. Image viewing through the mobile application interface is for informational purposes only and is not for
diagnostic use.
 Intended Use/lndications for Use                          21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

JBS-LVO is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and communicate images
of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care workflow.

JBS-LVO uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an
appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Identification of suspected positive
findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the device analyzes CT angiogram images of the brain acquired in the acute
setting and sends notifications to a neurovascular specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been identified and recommends a
review of those images. Images can be previewed through a mobile application. JBS-LVO is intended to analyze terminal ICA and MCA-M1
vessels for LVOs.

Images that are previewed through the mobile application are compressed and for informational purposes only. They are not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification. The JBS-LVO device does not alter the original medical image. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a
treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. JBS-LVO is limited to the analysis of imaging data and should not be used
in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.
Limitations: The device does not process scans containing metallic artifacts.

 Indications for Use Comparison                           21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

Viz LVO and JBS-LVO are both designed to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an
appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Since both devices are equally intended
for use as a tool for assisting study triage within existing patient pathways and they do not replace any part of the current standard of care,
there is no question about the effectiveness and safety of JBS-LVO compared to Viz LVO.
 Technological Comparison                               21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

Both the subject and predicate devices utilize artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) algorithms to detect suspected large vessel
occlusions (LVOs) on CTA imaging of the brain in the same regions of the large vessels. Moreover, the software algorithm for the subject
device is hosted on the similar architecture, automatically receives imaging in the same DICOM format, and uses similar mechanisms as the
predicate device to identify applicable imaging for analysis. The outputs of the subject and predicate devices are the same; both devices
identify suspected LVOs and send notifications of suspected LVO findings from the same server.

The subject and predicate devices integrate the same mobile software functions and outputs, presented through the same mobile
application. Users can conveniently receive notifications for patients with suspected LVOs, view a unique list of patients with a suspected LVO
(as determined by the LVO Detection Algorithm), and examine the non-diagnostic CT scan of the patient through the JBS-LVO mobile
application. The imaging viewing of CTA scans analyzed by the subject and predicate devices are subject to the same limitations, which means
they are solely for informational purposes (for prioritization review only, i.e., triage and notification) and are not intended for diagnostic use.

Where the subject and predicate device differ is that the subject device incorporates an advanced "Critical Pathway" (CP) feature within the
JBS-LVO software system that enhances the management of clinical pathways for patient treatment. This feature is integrated into the mobile
application interface, providing users with real-time access to detailed patient care steps and facilitating effective communication among
medical staff. Unlike the predicate device, the subject device includes functionalities such as real-time updates, activity logs, and push
notifications that are not present in the predicate device's interface. These enhancements in the subject device ensure that all parties

involved in patient care are consistently informed and coordinated, enhancing patient outcomes. Moreover, the inclusion of these advanced
features does not introduce new safety or efficacy concerns, as confirmed by software testing which verified that the CP functionalities
operateas expected. This integration of comprehensive care management tools into the user interface thus represents a significant
advancement over the predicate device, promoting greater transparency and efficiency in patient care management. These differences do
not raise any new or different questions of safety and efficacy. As such, the JBS-LVO is considered substantially equivalent to Viz LVO.

In conclusion, JBS-LVO does not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the predicate device Viz LVO
(K223042). Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software applications for use with CTA input. Hence, it is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.
Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)

JLK, Inc. conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification of the JBS-LVO system. This performance validation
testing demonstrated that the JBS-LVO system accurately represents key processing parameters under a range of clinically relevant
parameters and perturbations associated with the intended use of the software. The documentation was provided as recommended by FDA's
Guidance for Industry and FDA staff, "Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions," June 14, 2023.

JLK, Inc. performed a standalone performance in accordance with the §892.2080 special controls to show acceptance of the clinical
performance of the JBS-LVO module. The test dataset used during the standalone performance evaluation was newly acquired, and
appropriate steps were taken to ensure it was independent of the training dataset used in model development. Performance testing is
intended to inform users about the algorithm's accuracy. As a result, we achieved the desired performance results, demonstrating that JBSLVO is as safe and effective as a predicate device.

A retrospective study has been conducted to assess the sensitivity and the standalone performance of the image analysis algorithm and
notification functionality of Triage LVO. Specifically, the study evaluated the Triage LVO image analysis in terms of sensitivity and specificity
with respect to ground truth, as established by US board-certified neuro-radiologists, in detecting large vessel occlusion (LVO) in the brain.

The primary endpoints, sensitivity and specificity, both exceeded 80%. Specifically, the sensitivity was 91.8% with a 95% confidence interval (Cl)
of 85.8% to 95.8%. The specificity was 92.8% with a 95% Cl of 87.2% to 96.5%. The area under the curve (AUC) was 95.6% with a 95% Cl of
93.0% to 98.1 %.

The secondary endpoint involves an analysis of time-to-notification from CTA to notification for LVO-positive cases. The total CTA-tonotification time for the JBS-LVO system ranged from 2.32 to 3.29 minutes, with a mean time of 2.95 minutes (95% Cl: 2.89 - 3.02). This
performance is comparable to the Reference device, Rapid LVO (K221248), which reported a mean time of 3.18 minutes (95% Cl: 3.11 - 3.25).
JBS-LVO successfully meets the target time-to-notification of ≤ 3.5 minutes set by the Reference device.

Additionally, the time from CTA to notification using the JBS-LVO system successfully met the target goal.

In conclusion, JBS-LVO, which has the same intended use and exhibits substantially equivalent technological, safety, and performance
characteristics, is comparable to the legally marketed predicate device, Viz LVO (K223042). Therefore, JBS-LVO is substantially equivalent to the
selected predicate device and raises no questions regarding safety or effectiveness.