Q Bio, Inc.
M. Jason Brooke
MSE, JD, CSQE, Brooke & Associates
1411 Industrial Road
San Carlos, California 94070

                                                                     September 12, 2024
Re: K241280
    Trade/Device Name:  Constellation (CON-001)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ, LNH
    Dated: August 15, 2024
    Received: August 15, 2024

Dear M. Jason Brooke:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241280 - M. Jason Brooke                                                            Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241280 - M. Jason Brooke                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241280                                                           I
Device Name
 Constellation (CON-001)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Constellation is intended for non-invasive labeling and calculation of quantitative measurements for
 anatomical regions. Constellation utilizes DICOM MR images gathered on a GE MR450W that
 encompass the whole-body.   It is intended to be used for healthy adult patients. Clinicians may use
 Constellation as a clinical decision support tool, but it is not to be used in triage events, emergency
 medicine, or critical care. A clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent
 diagnosis based on their standard practices.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                           1411 Industrial Road
                                                  San Carlos, CA 94070 USA


                         510(k) Summary

                 (Information provided in conformance with 21 CFR 807.92)

510(k) Submitter:    Q Bio, Inc.
                    1411 Industrial Road
                   San Carlos, CA 94070 USA.

Contact Person:       M. Jason Brooke, MSE, JD, CSQE
                      Brooke & Associates
                         Email: jbrooke@devicecounsel.com
                      Phone: +1 202-258-1422

Additional              Clarissa Shen
Correspondents:       Chief Operating Officer
                         Email: clarissa.shen@q.bio
                      Phone: +1 415-967-7622

Date Summary           April 26, 2024
Prepared

Trade Name:            Constellation


Common Name:       Automated radiological image processing software

Classification:         Class II


Regulation           21 CFR 892.2050
Number:

Product Code:        QIH - Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                    LLZ - System, Image Processing, Radiological


Review Panel:         Radiology


Predicate Devices:     Primary Predicate:               Secondary Predicate:
                        Manufacturer: CorticoMetrics, LLC   Manufacturer: AMRA Medical AB
                      Trade Name: THINQ              Trade Name: AMRA Profiler
                        510(k) Number: K192051           510(k) Number: K211983
                       Product Code: LLZ                Product Code: LNH


                                                                           1

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                            1411 Industrial Road
                                                   San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

             1. Device Description

Constellation is an automated image post-processing software application used in a clinical MRI
setting. Constellation combines MR images from overlapping anatomical stations to segment
anatomical regions and provide associated quantitative measurements for whole-body patient
anatomy. These anatomical regions include the lower limb muscles, visceral adipose tissue,
subcutaneous adipose tissue, kidneys, liver, spleen, lungs, and brain structures. A PDF report
contains quantified measurements alongside a whole-body visualization and segmented label
images.

Constellation provides alpha-blending of the anatomical image with the corresponding labels in
the final report. This process combines one stitched output (background) with another
(foreground) to create a final anatomical label with both grayscale and color resulting from the
blending of the background (greyscale) and foreground label.

Constellation is a tool intended to assist trained physicians in the assessment of MR images of
the whole body. The software is not designed to provide any automated detection or diagnosis.
Physicians retain the ultimate responsibility for making any diagnosis from the presented
images based on their standard practices and patient background, clinical history, symptoms,
and other diagnostic information.

        2. Intended Use

Constellation is a software application that stitches together MR images, automatically labels,
and calculates quantitative measurements for anatomical regions. The device outputs are
designed to be used by clinicians as a clinical decision support tool and are not to be used in
triage events, emergency medicine, or critical care. It is not intended to be a sole source of
medical diagnosis. A clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent
diagnosis based on their standard practices.

   3. Indications for Use

Constellation is intended for non-invasive labeling and calculation of quantitative measurements
for anatomical regions. Constellation utilizes DICOM MR images gathered on a GE MR450W
that encompass the whole-body. It is intended to be used for healthy adult patients. Clinicians
may use Constellation as a clinical decision support tool, but it is not to be used in triage events,
emergency medicine, or critical care. A clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the
pertinent diagnosis based on their standard practices.


                                                                            2

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                                                         1411 Industrial Road
                                                                              San Carlos, CA 94070 USA


                4.  Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

A summary of the comparison between technological characteristics of Constellation and its predicate devices is provided in Table 1 below.

                                 Table 1: Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

               Q Bio, Inc.                     CorticoMetrics LLC     AMRA Medical AB          Differences
                       (Subject Device)               (Primary Predicate)        (Secondary Predicate)

Product Name             Constellation                 THINQ               AMRA Profiler              N/A


510(k) Number         K241280                     K192051                  K211983                  N/A


Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2050               21 CFR 892.2050           21 CFR 892.1000         Same as primary predicate

                        Medical Image                    Medical ImageRegulation Description                                                               Magnetic Resonance       Same as primary predicate
                     Management and              Management and                                                                                           Diagnostic System
                        Processing System               Processing System
Classification Name      System, Image Processing,        System, Image Processing,    System, Nuclear Magnetic    Same as primary predicate
                           Radiological                        Radiological               Resonance Imaging

Classification                     II                                                       II                                               II                     Same


Product Code           QIH, LLZ                     LLZ                   LNH                            Similar to predicate


Indications for Use        Constellation is intended for non-  THINQ is intended for          Indicated for use as a       Same
                           invasive labeling and calculation    automatic labeling,           magnetic resonance
                             of quantitative measurements for    visualization and volumetric    diagnostic device software
                         anatomical regions. Constellation   quantification of                application for non-invasive
                                utilizes DICOM MR images        segmentable brain structures   fat and muscle evaluation
                        gathered on a GE MR450W that    from a set of MR images.       that enables the generation,
                     encompass the whole-body. It is    Volumetric measurements     display and review of 2D

                                                                                                         3

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                                                         1411 Industrial Road
                                                                              San Carlos, CA 94070 USA


               Q Bio, Inc.                     CorticoMetrics LLC     AMRA Medical AB          Differences
                       (Subject Device)               (Primary Predicate)        (Secondary Predicate)

                         intended to be used for healthy    may be compared to          magnetic resonance medical
                            adult patients. Clinicians may use   reference percentile data.     image data.
                           Constellation as a clinical                                    Designed to utilize DICOM
                          decision support tool, but it is not                                 3.0 compliant magnetic
                            to be used in triage events,                                   resonance image datasets,
                      emergency medicine, or critical                                  acquired from compatible
                           care. A clinician retains the                       MR Systems, to display the
                           ultimate responsibility for making                                      internal structure of the body
                          the pertinent diagnosis based on                                    including the liver. Other
                               their standard practices.                                           physical parameters derived
                                                                                    from the images may also be
                                                                                     produced.
                                                                                       Provides a number of
                                                                                                    quantification tools, such as
                                                                                Region of Interest (ROI)
                                                                                      placements, to be used for
                                                                                          the assessment of
                                                                                          regions of an image to
                                                                                                quantify liver tissue
                                                                                                     characteristics, including the
                                                                                          determination of fat fraction
                                                                                                              in the liver, T2, and muscle
                                                                                    volume.
                                                                            These images and the
                                                                                              physical parameters derived
                                                                                    from the images, when
                                                                                                 interpreted by a trained
                                                                                                               clinician, yield information
                                                                                                     that may assist in diagnosis.

User                       Clinicians                        Medical professionals         Medical professionals          Similar


Hosting platform           Internal server                     On-site hosting or internal      Internal server            Same
                                                             server

                                                                                                         4

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                                                         1411 Industrial Road
                                                                              San Carlos, CA 94070 USA


               Q Bio, Inc.                     CorticoMetrics LLC     AMRA Medical AB          Differences
                       (Subject Device)               (Primary Predicate)        (Secondary Predicate)

Image Modality       MR                   MR                MR                   Same


                                            Design


Operating System      Mac                              Linux                         Linux                           Similar


Physical Characteristics   Software package. Operates on    Software package. Operates   Software package         Same
                             off-the-shelf hardware (Apple)     on off-the-shelf hardware
                                                                   (multiple vendors)

Technology             Non-AI based Algorithms (brain,    Non-AI based Algorithms      Non-AI based Algorithms       Similar
                           lungs, femur, lower limb muscles,
                     SAT)

                          Convolutional neural networks
                           (kidneys, spleen, liver, VAT)

Safety                          • Automated quality control            • Automated quality control      • Image quality issues are    Same
                            functions:                            functions:                    described and presented in
                                          -   Scan protocol verification         -   Scan sequence       the report
                                          -   Accurate patient                     (protocol) checks       • Automatic sequence
                                  coordinate system                  -    Atlas alignment        protocol conformance check
                               encoding                       checks
                                          -   Image quality threshold            -    Cortical surface
                              checks                         checks
                                  • Results are reviewed by a                  -   Result validity
                           trained quality assurance team            checks
                      and a clinician                            • Results must be reviewed
                                                     by a trained clinician

                                              Features


                                                                                                         5

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                                                         1411 Industrial Road
                                                                              San Carlos, CA 94070 USA


               Q Bio, Inc.                     CorticoMetrics LLC     AMRA Medical AB          Differences
                       (Subject Device)               (Primary Predicate)        (Secondary Predicate)

Anatomical Area of      Head and Whole Body          Head                     Whole Body             Same
Interest


Alpha-Blended Color     Yes                         Yes                      Yes                   Same
Images


User Access Point        Post-processing application        Post-processing application    Post-processing application   Same


Image Input          DICOM                   DICOM                DICOM                Same


Intensity Normalization    Equalize station intensity:          Equalize station intensity:      Equalize station intensity:      Similar
                           optional                      Yes                      Yes


Registration               Atlas based registration for         Automatic registration of       Registration for leg muscle     Similar
                        segmentation of brain regions       brain segmentation atlas to    segmentation.
                      and leg muscles.                   the input image.

Acquisition plane           Axial, Sagittal                        Sagittal                         Axial                  Same


Sequence compatibility   T1 MPRAGE, 2-point DIXON, 6-   T1 MPRAGE                   2-point DIXON, 6-point      Same
                            point DIXON                                       DIXON


Output                  ●  PDF report with            ●  PDF report with         ●  PDF report with     Same
                                     quantitative                        volumetric                     volumetric
                            measurements including          measurements             measurements

                                                                                                         6

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                                                         1411 Industrial Road
                                                                              San Carlos, CA 94070 USA


               Q Bio, Inc.                     CorticoMetrics LLC     AMRA Medical AB          Differences
                       (Subject Device)               (Primary Predicate)        (Secondary Predicate)

                                 organ, muscle, and fat       ●   Includes segmented     ●  Body composition
                              volumes                             color overlays and               profile
                       ●   Includes segmented                structures                  measurements:
                                     color overlays and          ●   Automatically                subcutaneous and
                                    structures                     compares results to            visceral fat volume,
                                                                    reference percentile          muscle fat, muscle
                                                                 data                      volume and liver fat
                                                  ●  DICOM images with
                                                                segmentation
                                                                     overlays

Export Format        PDF                     PDF and DICOM images    PDF                  Same


                                                                                                         7

Q Bio, Inc.
                                                            1411 Industrial Road
                                                   San Carlos, CA 94070 USA

                     5.   Performance Testing

The  following  clinical and  non-clinical  tests were performed  to  evaluate  Constellation’s
performance:

   ●  Segmentation accuracy of the lungs, liver, spleen, kidneys, muscle, and fat (visceral and
      subcutaneous) is evaluated using the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) and mean percent
       absolute difference as primary and secondary figures of merit (FOM).
   ●  Segmentation accuracy  for brain cortical/subcortical regions  is evaluated via mean
       percent absolute difference and Pearson’s correlation coefficient as the primary and
      secondary FOMs.
   ●  Liver Volume of Interest (VOI) placement  is evaluated via majority voting of three
        radiologists.
   ●  Device repeatability is evaluated by calculating the DSC and mean percent absolute
       difference for the same MRI scans passed twice through Constellation.
   ●  Test-retest measurement repeatability is evaluated using the mean percent absolute
       difference and Pearson’s correlation coefficient as the primary and secondary FOMs.
   ●  Manual segmentations are established as ground-truth via inter-rater and intra-rater
         variability studies. The variability in manual segmentations will be evaluated via DSC.
   ●  Software verification testing was conducted for Constellation to validate it for its intended
      use according to recommendations outlined in “General Principles of Software Validation,
      Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff”. The Constellation software demonstrated passing
        results on all applicable unit, integration, and requirements testing.
   ●  Software usability testing was conducted for Constellation to validate it for its intended use
       according to the FDA guidance titled: “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering
        to Medical Devices”. The Constellation software demonstrated passing results in the
       applied usability testing.

The test results demonstrated that Constellation performs to its intended use and does not
introduce new questions of safety or effectiveness. A full description of the software
functionality, device hazard analysis, software requirements, verification, validation, and
performance testing is provided in this submission.

        6. Conclusions

The performance testing presented shows that Constellation is as safe, as effective, and
performs as well as the predicate devices.

Any technological differences between Constellation and its predicate devices do not raise new
questions of safety and effectiveness. Therefore, Constellation is substantially equivalent to its
predicate devices.


                                                                            8