Philips Ultrasound LLC
Petra Galgoczy
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
Bothell, Washington 98021

                                                                             February 10, 2025
Re: K241659
    Trade/Device Name:   Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ, IYN
    Dated: June 10, 2024
    Received: January 16, 2025

Dear Petra Galgoczy:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have
determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally
marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical
Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,
therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your
product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k)
Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm
identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for
annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you,
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to
additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal
Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance
documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an
Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820),
which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and
21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket
review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241659 - Petra Galgoczy                                                             Page  2


production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21
CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a
determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations
administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to:
registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4,
Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21
CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions
(Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are
required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule
requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR
801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be
formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that
certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830
Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-deviceidentification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For
questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report-medicaldevice-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuingeducation/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask
a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more
information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                     Sincerely,


                                                      Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                    Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                     DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                                 Devices and Electronic Products
                                      OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                                  Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                                Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
~~~~~
  Submission Number (if known)I
  I K241659
  Device Name
  I Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)

  Indications for Use (Describe)
   Indications for use of the product are quantification and reporting of cardiovascular, fetal, and
  abdominal structures and function of patients with suspected disease to support the physician in the
   diagnosis.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
             IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                           ''.An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

Traditional 510(k)
                                                             Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)    K241659
                                                                          510(k) Summary


                                 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: ________K241659________

Date Prepared: November 18, 2024


       I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and        Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information          Petra Galgoczy, PhD
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                          Freisinger Strasse 9
                                  85716 Unterschleissheim Germany
                                  +49 (89) 32175593

       Secondary Contact             Erdit Gremi
                                             Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                      Software & AI
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 77988092

       II.     Device

         Proprietary Name             Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)

                                          Picture archiving and communications system
      Common Name

        Regulation Description       Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                  Primary
                                   Automated Radiological Image
                                                                   892.2050      QIH
                                     Processing Software
                                 Secondary
                                      Medical image management and
                                                                   892.2050      LLZ
                                      processing system
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,
                                                                   892.1550      IYN
                                            ultrasonic


        Device Class                Class II

       Review Panel                Radiology

        Predicate Device            K213544; TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)

        Reference Devices           K240850; EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System with SWM
                                   K202216, EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System with ICE/Pro ICE


                                 COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                  May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                         Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                      510(k) Summary


III.     Device Description

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification is to introduce the SWM, 3D Auto TV and
3D Auto CFQ software applications as well as compatibility of VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE Probe data with
the subject device Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0.


The semi-automated Segmental Wall Motion feature (SWM) evaluates the segmental (regional)
function of the left ventricle (LV) from adult TTE echo examinations. It performs border detection and
tracking to identify each of the LV segments, provides segmental wall motion scores for each segments
of the LV by using machine learning algorithms and calculates an overall wall motion score index
(WMSI) as the average of the segmental scores.


3D Auto TV software enables semi-automated quantification of the tricuspid valve. At a high level, this
is accomplished through automatically derived measurements from a segmented model of the tricuspid
valve annulus formed by the software through model-based segmentation of the acquired ultrasound
images.


3D Auto CFQ provides semi-automated quantification of Mitral Regurgitation (MR) volume and peak
flow rate based on 3D color flow images. This application uses a known fluid dynamic model of flow
that is adapted to the acquired color information. This allows quantitative assessment of mitral valve
leakage during systole. The derived result supports the assessment of mitral regurgitation volume and
peak flow rate.


Data Compatibility of the VeriSight ICE  / Pro ICE Probe, transducers cleared for the EPIQ Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound System (K202216), will be introduced for Ultrasound Workspace 6.0.

General software architecture of the previously cleared version TOMTEC-ARENA remains unchanged.
Two new clinical application packages will be introduced with UWS6.0: 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ.
An existing feature AutoStrain Left Ventricle (AutoStrain LV) gains additional functionality by integration
of Segmental Wall Motion (SWM) feature. The module using AutoStrain LV together with SWM is
named 2D Auto LV.


IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use

Ultrasound Workspace Intended Use

Ultrasound Workspace is a clinical software package designed for review, quantification and reporting
of structures and function based on multi-dimensional digital medical data acquired with different
modalities.

Ultrasound Workspace Indications for Use

Indications for use of Ultrasound Workspace are quantification and reporting of cardiovascular, fetal,
and abdominal structures and function of patients with suspected disease to support the physician in
the diagnosis.

Intended Use Environments

Intended Use Environments are inside and outside of Hospitals, Clinics, and Physician´s offices.


                             COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                              May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                         Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                      510(k) Summary


Ultrasound Workspace is intended to be used only by licensed medical practitioners or assistant
medical technicians.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by licensed medical practitioners or assistant medical technicians for the purposes for which they
were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the Ultrasound Workspace for Intended Use / Indications for Use due
to the introduction of the SWM, 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ feature and usage of data derived from
VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE data. SWM, 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ software is associated with the
Cardiac Adult indication.

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate and Reference Devices

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification is to introduce the SWM, 3D Auto TV and
3D Auto CFQ software applications and compatibility of VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE Probe data with the
Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0 software package. The subject device is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device (K213544).

The following tables provide an overview of the comparison of similarities and differences between the
proposed device, the predicate and reference devices.


                             COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                              May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                         Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                       510(k) Summary


                  Table 1: Comparison to Predicate and Reference Device for introduction of SWM onto UWS6.0

                       Ultrasound Workspace     TOMTEC-ARENA      EPIQ Series Diagnostic        Comparison
                        Version 6.0 (UWS6.0)           TTA2.50            Ultrasound System
     Feature

                       Proposed Device          Predicate Device         Reference Device
    K-number         Not available             K213544                K240850                   Subject of this submission
                                                                                                                                            is UWS6.0
   Intended Use       The product is a clinical   TOMTEC-ARENA          Abdominal, Cardiac Adult,
                                                                                                        Intended Use/Indications                         software package           software is a clinical        Cardiac other (Fetal),
                                                                                                                                   for use of predicate and                       designed for review,         software package          Cardiac Pediatric,
                                                                                                                subject device are                           quantification and          designed for review,        Cerebral Vascular,
                                                                                                                            identical (unchanged) -                          reporting of structures and   quantification and           Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
                                                                                                       except of the product                          function based on multi-     reporting of structures and   (Neonatal),
                                                                                 name (bolded).                        dimensional digital           function based on multi-      Fetal/Obstetric,
                        medical data acquired with  dimensional digital          Gynecological,
                             different modalities. The     medical data acquired with   Intraoperative (Vascular),    Intended Use/Indications
                        product is not intended to    different                     Intraoperative (Cardiac),      for use of reference device
                     be used for reading of      modalities.TOMTEC-         intra-luminal, intra-cardiac   and subject device are
                   mammography images.    ARENA is not intended to   echo, Musculoskeletal        similar and considered
                                            be used for reading of       (Conventional),              equivalent (specifically if
                                         mammography images.     Musculoskeletal           compared for the clinical
                                                                                              (Superficial), Ophthalmic,   use case/workflow of the
Indications for Use      Indications for use of the    Indications for use of        Other: Urology, Pediatric,    subject feature).
                      product are quantification  TOMTEC-ARENA TTA2     Peripheral Vessel, Small
                     and reporting of             software are quantification  Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
                          cardiovascular, fetal, and   and reporting of               Testicle),
                       abdominal structures and    cardiovascular, fetal,       Transesophageal
                          function of patients with     abdominal structures and    (Cardiac), Transrectal,
                       suspected disease to        function of patients with     Transvaginal, Lung.
                        support the physician       suspected disease to
                              in the diagnosis.            support the physicians in
                                                     the diagnosis


  Intended Users      The product is intended   TOMTEC-ARENA        The product is intended to   Identical for predicate and
                            to be used only by         software is intended to be  be used only by licensed     subject device -except of

                                             COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                  May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                            Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                         510(k) Summary


                          Ultrasound Workspace     TOMTEC-ARENA      EPIQ Series Diagnostic        Comparison
                           Version 6.0 (UWS6.0)           TTA2.50            Ultrasound System
       Feature

                         Proposed Device          Predicate Device         Reference Device
                            licensed medical          used only by licensed       medical practitioners or      the product name
                              practitioners or assistant    medical practitioners or      assistant medical           (bolded).
                          medical                      assistant medical            technicians.
                             technicians.                  technicians.                                           Intended Users of
                                                                                                              reference device and
                                                                                                                  subject device are similar
                                                                                             and considered equivalent
    Intended User        Intended Use              Intended Use                 Clinics, hospitals, and        Identical to predicate
     Environment        Environments are inside    Environments are inside      clinical point-of-care for      device.
                       and outside of Hospitals,    and outside of Hospitals,    diagnosis of patients.
                               Clinics, and Physician´s      Clinics, and Physician´s                                  Difference to reference
                                offices.                         offices.                                               device is due to the fact
                                                                                                                             that subject and predicate
                                                                                                           devices are software only,
                                                                                                whereas reference device
                                                                                                                 includes the ultrasound
                                                                                                                  device.
USA FDA Classification   Class II                   Class II                   Class II                       Identical
                     QIH                   QIH                    IYN                           Identical to predicate
 Primary Product Code
                                                                                                           device
  Primary Regulation    21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.1550            Identical to predicate
      Number                                                                                            device
                        Automated Radiological     Automated Radiological     System, Imaging, Pulsed     Identical to predicate
  Primary Regulation
                       Image Processing         Image Processing           Doppler, Ultrasonic         device
      Name
                          Software                  Software
                      LLZ                    LLZ                      ITX                    IYN is newly introduced
  Secondary Product    IYN                                          IYO                         with this submission
       Codes                                                OBJ
                                                                 QIH
                       21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.1570            Identical to predicate
 Secondary Regulation
                       21 CFR 892.1550                                 21 CFR 892.1560           device.
      Number
                                                                      21 CFR 870.1200


                                               COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                    May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                            Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                         510(k) Summary


                          Ultrasound Workspace     TOMTEC-ARENA      EPIQ Series Diagnostic        Comparison
                           Version 6.0 (UWS6.0)           TTA2.50            Ultrasound System
       Feature

                         Proposed Device          Predicate Device         Reference Device
                                                                      21 CFR 892.2050         IYN is newly introduced
                                                                                                                    with this submission
 Secondary Regulation   System, Image            System, Image              Diagnostic ultrasonic         Identical to predicate
      Name            Processing, Radiological    Processing, Radiological    transducer                 device
                         System, Imaging, Pulsed                                  Ultrasonic pulsed echo     IYN is newly introduced
                           Doppler, Ultrasonic                                   imaging system              with this submission
                                                                                   Diagnostic intravascular
                                                                                     catheter
                                                                        Automated Radiological
                                                                      Image Processing
                                                                              Software
Application Description   The SWM software        The predicate TOMTEC-    Smart View Select is an   SWM functionality is
                            automatically evaluates    ARENA does not currently   automated software         missing in the predicate
                           the segmental (regional)    have a dedicated software   feature that assists the       device. This feature is
                             function of the left            application containing the    user in selection of images  newly introduced with this
                               ventricle (LV) from adult      functionality introduced in    for analysis with the         submission.
                    TTE echo examinations.     the subject submission for   existing Philips AutoStrain
                                                          (semi-) automated        LV or 2D Auto LV      SWM in the subject and
                           Note: Per FDA Guidance    segmental wall motion       application in Adult Echo    reference device is
                           Technical Performance      evaluation of the left         Transthoracic (TTE)          identical.
                       Assessment of                ventricle (LV).              examination.                  In both cases SWM has
                             Quantitative Imaging in                                                    been integrated in the
                            Radiological Device                              The SWM software           existing feature AutoStrain
                         Premarket Submissions,                                  automatically evaluates     LV. The module using
                           the SWM software is a                                   the segmental (regional)     AutoStrain LV together
                         semi-automated                                           function of the left           with SWM is named 2D
                              quantitative imaging                                         ventricle (LV) from adult     Auto LV.
                             algorithm, as users are                         TTE echo examinations.
                            generally expected to                                                              Note: The Smart View
                          review and concur with the                              Note: Per FDA Guidance    Select feature described
                                  initialization and                                        Technical Performance       for the reference device is
                         generated results. The                             Assessment of


                                               COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                    May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                           Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                         510(k) Summary


                         Ultrasound Workspace     TOMTEC-ARENA      EPIQ Series Diagnostic        Comparison
                          Version 6.0 (UWS6.0)           TTA2.50            Ultrasound System
       Feature

                         Proposed Device          Predicate Device         Reference Device
                          users can also edit                                        Quantitative Imaging in      not included in the subject
                           algorithm generated                                      Radiological Device         device UWS6.0.
                        segmental wall motion                                Premarket Submissions,
                         scores for individual                                     the SWM software is a
                       segments based on their                             semi-automated
                                 clinical expertise.                                           quantitative imaging
                                                                                       algorithm, as users are
                                                                                     generally expected to
                                                                                review and concur with the
                                                                                                        initialization and
                                                                             generated results. The
                                                                               users can also edit
                                                                                    algorithm generated
                                                                           segmental wall motion
                                                                               scores for individual
                                                                       segments based on their
                                                                                                      clinical expertise.

   SWM scoring       Users manually edit        Not applicable – does not   Users manually edit          Identical to reference
     adjustment         scores using a drop-down   contain functionality for      scores using a drop-down   device
                            selection                  segmental wall motion       selection
    Introduction of       Segmental wall motion      Not applicable – does not   Segmental wall motion       Identical to reference
segmental wall motion   scores are indicated for 17   contain functionality for      scores are indicated for 17   device.
 scores / overall wall    segments of the left        segmental wall motion      segments of the left         Wall motion scores are an
 motion score index      ventricle. Overall wall                                         ventricle. Overall wall        additional value for
      (WMSI)           motion score index                                   motion score index          evaluating the segmental
                      (WMSI) is calculated.                             (WMSI) is calculated.        (regional) function of the
                                                                                                                                                          left ventricle (LV) using
                                                                                  TTE echo examinations in
                                                                                                                           adults.


                                               COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                    May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                   Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                                 510(k) Summary


                                 Table 2: Comparison to Predicate for Introduction of 3D Auto TV onto UWS6.0
                        For Indications for Use, Intended Use, Product Code Information, Classification please refer to Table 1.

                 Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                            (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
  Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                       Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
 K-number    Not available                          K213544                                   Subject of this submission is UWS6.0

           3D Auto TV software enables semi-        3D Auto MV (formerly named 4D MV-         Similar to the predicate device features.
             automated quantification of the tricuspid valve ASSESSMENT) is a semi-automated
               during transesophageal echocardiography     software application intended for the analysis  The functionality and workflow of the 3D Auto
              (TEE) and transthoracic echocardiography     of Mitral Valve (MV) anatomy and function.   TV software is very similar to the 3D Auto
              (TTE) examinations. It applies artificial        This application generates models of      MV tool, where measurement parameters are
                 intelligence for model based segmentation. At anatomical structures of interest such as the   derived from models of the mitral valve (in the
             a high level, this is accomplished through   MV annulus, leaflets, and the closure line,    case of 3D Auto MV) and tricuspid valve (in
                automatically derived measurements from a   which allows for quantification of pre- and     the case of 3D Auto TV). Manual
             segmented model of the tricuspid valve        post-operative valvular function and a        measurements are also able to be performed
              annulus formed by the software through      comparison of morphology.                on both software applications.
             model-based segmentation of the acquired
               ultrasound images.                   4D CARDIO-VIEW is an advanced analysis   Comparing 3D Auto TV to 4D CARDIOApplication                                                        tool for 3D/4D echocardiography data.       VIEW, both software have functionality for
Description                                             Anatomical structure visualization, volume     quantifying the tricuspid valve. The proposed
3D Auto TV                                         measurements (LV and/or generic), and     3D Auto TV allows semi-automated
                                                                specified or manual measurements are         quantification, where the reference device is
                                                             possible for cardiac structures including, but    fully manual. As we demonstrate high
                                                             not limited to, the tricuspid valve. Various     agreement in the measurement outputs on
                                                                  tools are available for rendering that display   the same patients when quantified using the
                                                               2- and 3-dimensional morphology and        proposed 3D Auto TV software and the
                                                                function for defined structures.                reference 4D CARDIO-VIEW application
                                                                                   (REF #4), there are no new questions raised
                                                                                                                     of safety or effectiveness.

                                                                                      The subject of this submission is introduction
                                                                                                                     of semi-automated quantification via 3D Auto
                                                                             TV of UWS6.0.


                                                    COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                           May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                     Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                                   510(k) Summary


                   Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                             (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
    Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                        Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
            3D surface model is created semi-         3D Auto MV: 3D surface model is created     Subject device uses identical method for
                 automatically using machine learning          semi-automatically using machine learning    contour generation as the 3D Auto MV
                 algorithm without user interaction. User is     algorithm without user interaction. User is      application of the predicate device. The only
                 able to edit, accept, or reject the initial         able to edit, accept, or reject the initial         difference is the algorithm is trained on
               landmark proposals of the tricuspid valve     landmark proposals of the mitral valve          tricuspid valve images, where the predicate
                anatomical locations.                        anatomical locations.                        device was trained using mitral valve images
   Contour
  Generation
                                             4D CARDIO-VIEW: 3D surface model is
                                                            created based on user defined anatomical
                                                           landmarks. User is able to edit the contour of
                                                              the surface model before proceeding with the
                                                              workflow.

                Semi-auto annulus results               3D Auto MV:                                    Similar. The proposed 3D Auto TV software
                     • TV Ann Perimeter (3D)                        Standard MV Parameters                    enables a subset of very similar semi-
                     • TV Ann Perimeter (2D)                                • AP Diameter (cm)                          automated measurements as the predicated
                     • TV Ann Max Diam (2D)                                • AL-PM Diameter (cm)                                                                                                         software application 3D Auto MV, only for the                     • TV Ann Min Diam (2D)                                •  Sphericity Index (AP / AL-PM)
                                                                                                                        tricuspid annulus.                     • TV Ann Perimeter Derived Diam (2D)                  •  Intertrigonal Distance (cm)
                     • TV Ann Height (3D)                                   • Commissural Diameter (cm)
                     • TV Ann Area (2D)                                     • D-Shaped Annulus Perimeter (cm)             The proposed 3D Auto TV software adds
               Manual device results                               • Annulus Height (cm)                              additional TV annulus and device
                     • TV Ann AP Diam (2D)                                 • Non-planar Angle (degrees)                                                                                          measurements from those available in 4D
                     • TV Ann SL Diam (2D)                                 • Tenting Volume (cm3)Measurements                                                                    CARDIO-VIEW to further define the tricuspid                     • Subvalvular 5 Plane SL Diam                          • Coaptation Depth (mm)
  Performed                     • Subvalvular 5 Plane AP Diam                         • Tenting Area (cm2)                            valve anatomy.
                     • Supravalvular C-Shaped Perimeter                    • Angle AAo-AP (degrees)
                     • Supravalvular AV - AoCenter Diam                    • Maximum Prolapse Height (mm)                Both the proposed 3D Auto TV and the
                                                                              • Maximum Open Coaptation Gap (mm)              predicate 4D CARDIO-VIEW software allow
                                                                              • Maximum Open Coaptation Width (mm)                                                                                                  manual, free-form measurements of the
                                                                              •  Anterior Leaflet Area (cm2)
                                                                                                                  valve.                                                                              • Posterior Leaflet Area (cm2)
                                                                              •  Distal Anterior Leaflet Angle (degrees)
                                                                              • Posterior Leaflet Angle (degrees)
                                                                              •  Anterior Leaflet Length (cm)
                                                                              • Posterior Leaflet Length (cm)

                                                      COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                             May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                              510(k) Summary


               Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                          (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                     Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
                                                                         • C-Shaped Annulus (cm)
                                              2D MV Parameters
                                                                         • D-Shaped Annulus Area (cm2)
                                                                         • Annulus Area (cm2)
                                                                         •  Anterior Closure Line Length (cm)
                                                                         • Posterior Closure Line Length (cm)
                                              3D MV Parameters
                                                                         • Saddle Shaped Annulus Area (cm2)
                                                                         • Saddle Shaped Annulus Perimeter (cm)
                                                                         • Total Open Coaptation Area (cm2)
                                                                         •  Anterior Closure Line Length (cm)
                                                                         • Posterior Closure Line Length (cm)

                                          4D CARDIO-VIEW:
                                           TAVR results
                                                                         • Ann-Ost left diam
                                                                         • Ann-Ost right diam
                                                                         • Annulus Area
                                                                         • Annulus dmin
                                                                         • Annulus dmax
                                                                         • Ao Ring diam
                                                                         • Ao SV diam
                                                                         • Ao STJ diam
                                                 Volume results (not related to TV
                                                                 quantification)
                                                                         • EDV
                                                                         • EF
                                                                         • ESV
                                                                         • GenVol
                                                                         • Mass
                                                                         • SV


                                                   COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                         May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                    Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                                  510(k) Summary


                                 Table 3: Comparison to Predicate for Introduction of 3D Auto CFQ onto UWS6.0
                         For Indications for Use, Intended Use, Product Code Information, Classification please refer to Table 1.


                  Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                            (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
   Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                       Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
 K-number                                       K213544                                    Subject of this submission is UWS6.0
              Not available
                                                 The Proximal Isovelocity Surface Area (PISA)  Similar. The predicate device facilitates the
            The 3D Auto CFQ is a new artificial                                                      methodology can be used currently on the      quantification of mitral regurgitation volume
                 intelligence software which will be introduced                                                             predicate device to quantify valvular          and peak flow rate through a group of
             on the Ultrasound Workspace Software                                                                   regurgitation. The technique utilizes 2D/Color  measurements which are performed in a
             system starting with Version 6.0. The                                                  and Doppler images to allow the user to make  cascading fashion manually by the user
                application provides semi-automated                                                              simple, manual measurements in a cascading  according to the Proximal Isovelocity Surface
                 quantification of Mitral Regurgitation (MR)                                                             fashion to allow calculation of peak flow rate   Area (PISA) methodology. The proposed 3D
             volume and peak flow rate based on 3D color                                                  and volumetric regurgitation.                 Auto CFQ software application allows the
 Application   flow images acquired during                                                                                                     users to quantify the same measurements for
 Description   transesophageal echocardiography (TEE)                                            3D Auto MV is a semi-automated software      mitral regurgitation volume and peak flow rate
3D Auto CFQ  examinations.                                                                application intended for the analysis of Mitral   but in a semi-automated workflow.
                                                       Valve (MV) anatomy and function. This
                                                                application generates models of anatomical   3D Auto MV feature of the predicate does not
                                                               structures of interest such as the MV annulus,  contain functionality for quantification of mitral
                                                                         leaflets, and the closure line, which allows for   regurgitation.
                                                                  quantification of pre- and post-operative
                                                                 valvular function and a comparison of
                                                        morphology.
                                                     PISA: No standard contour generation         Subject device uses identical method for
           3D surface model is created semi-                                                          technology for the mitral valve, outside of 3D   contour generation as the 3D Auto MV
                automatically using machine learning
  Contour     algorithm without user interaction. User is     Auto MV, included as part of the system.       feature of the predicate device.
 Generation   able to edit, accept, or reject the initial                                            3D Auto MV: 3D surface model is created
              landmark proposals of the mitral valve                                                             semi-automatically using machine learning
               anatomical locations.

                                                     COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                            May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                     Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                                   510(k) Summary


                   Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                             (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
    Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                        Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
                                                              algorithm without user interaction. User is able
                                                                    to edit, accept, or reject the initial landmark
                                                           proposals of the mitral valve anatomical
                                                                   locations.
              The 3D Auto CFQ algorithm quantifies mitral PISA:                                             Similar. The PISA methodology of the
                   regurgitation volume and flow rate from      The PISA methodology uses sequential       predicate device – used for quantifying MR
                 acquired 3D color flow images. The greyscale acquisitions and manual measurements,     volume and flow rate - utilizes sequential
                  information from these images is used to     which are manually performed by the user:    measurements performed by the user and is
                generate a 3D model of the mitral valve,                                            based on assumptions including there being
               which is used as an input along with the 3D     -  MR Alias Velocity (from the 2D/Color)    a single, round, constant flow orifice during
                  color data into the 3D Auto CFQ flow              -  MR Radius (from the 2D/Color)           the entire systole.
                  algorithm. The 3D Auto CFQ algorithm uses a  -  MR Vmax (from the continuous wave
                      fluid dynamic model of an incompressible         doppler)                        3D Auto CFQ operates using 3D color to
                      fluid (blood) traveling through an irregular-       -  MR VTI (from the continuous wave       address the spatial complexities seen in
               shaped (i.e., nonround) orifice. In its initial         doppler)                                      mitral regurgitation and was developed to
                  step, the algorithm generates a hypothetical                                               evaluate the regurgitant flow at every frame in
 Quantification  model of true blood flow velocities in the     The outputs of these measurements go into    systole, where the PISA methodology only
Technology for  proximal convergence zone based on all      the equations for the derived measurements  assesses one frame during systole and
     Mitral     measured Doppler velocities and the           including:                             assumes this frame applies across systole.
 Regurgitation  underlying fluid dynamics model. The true
                   velocity model is then converted into the         -    Mitral Regurgitant (MR) Flow Rate       The proposed 3D Auto CFQ software
                corresponding apparent Doppler velocity         -  MR Effective Regurgitant Orifice (ERO)    application allows the users to quantify the
               model (“synthetic apparent velocities”) using    -  MR Volume                       same measurements for mitral regurgitation
                 ultrasound physics (projection along the axial                                         volume and peak flow rate as PISA. The
                 dimension). These synthetic velocities are   3D Auto MV:                             dynamic flow algorithm is the new technology
                subsequently compared to the acquired     N/A – does not contain technology for mitral    introduced in this submission. Mitral valve
                   velocities in the Color Flow (CF) data set.     regurgitation quantification                  model generation is identical to the 3D Auto
              Based on the outcome of this comparison,                               MV feature of the predicate device. The
                 the model is updated and reiterated to get                                            dynamic flow model of the 3D Auto CFQ
                 the best fit between the acquired velocities                                                 software application uses this as input to
              and the generated model. 3D Auto CFQ                                                          arrive at the outputs of mitral regurgitation
                determines the resulting regurgitant flow rate                                         volume and peak flow rate. These outputs are


                                                      COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                             May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                     Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                                   510(k) Summary


                   Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                             (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
    Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                        Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
                    for this frame. This process is repeated for                                                  the same as in the predicate, only the method
              each frame included in the analysis, which in                                                    to arrive at the measurements differs in the
              most cases includes the entire systolic cycle.                                                subject device.
                   In each frame, the size and shape of the
                  regurgitant orifice is not assumed but is
                generated by this iterative loop between the
              model and the CF data.
               Semi-automated measurements performed  PISA:                                             Similar. The measurements performed by the
               by the 3D Auto CFQ software application:    Derived measurements which the user can     proposed 3D Auto CFQ software application
                                                              obtain through the PISA methodology include:  can also be obtained by a user on the
                   Mitral regurgitation (MR) volume [mL];         Mitral regurgitation (MR) volume [mL];          predicate device using the PISA
              Peak flow rate [mL/s]                   Peak flow rate [mL/s]                        methodology.

                                             3D Auto MV:                                 Substantiation of the performance of the 3D
                                                                  Standard MV Parameters                      Auto CFQ software’s regurgitant volume
                                                                              • AP Diameter (cm)
                                                                                                            output was performed by comparison to                                                                              • AL-PM Diameter (cm)
                                                                              •  Sphericity Index (AP / AL-PM)                    cardiac magnetic imaging with (CMR) images
                                                                              •  Intertrigonal Distance (cm)                        with acceptance criteria of agreement within
                                                                              • Commissural Diameter (cm)                      the limits of agreement. While the PISA
Measurements                                                           • D-Shaped Annulus Perimeter (cm)                                                                                               methodology is a widely accepted method for
  Performed                                                             • Annulus Height (cm)                                                                                                                          mitral regurgitation quantification and is a                                                                              • Non-planar Angle (degrees)
                                                                              • Tenting Volume (cm3)                     recommended method by the American
                                                                              • Coaptation Depth (mm)                         Society of Echocardiography, the outputs
                                                                              • Tenting Area (cm2)                          from 3D Auto CFQ were compared to those
                                                                              • Angle AAo-AP (degrees)                      from CMR (as opposed to PISA) as the
                                                                              • Maximum Prolapse Height (mm)                                                                                                       former is considered a gold standard for
                                                                              • Maximum Open Coaptation Gap (mm)
                                                                                                                          mitral regurgitation quantification.                                                                              • Maximum Open Coaptation Width (mm)
                                                                              •  Anterior Leaflet Area (cm2)
                                                                              • Posterior Leaflet Area (cm2)                   Acceptance criteria for 3D Auto CFQ was
                                                                              •  Distal Anterior Leaflet Angle (degrees)            based on agreement with CMR being within
                                                                              • Posterior Leaflet Angle (degrees)                 predefined maximum limits of agreement.
                                                                              •  Anterior Leaflet Length (cm)
                                                                              • Posterior Leaflet Length (cm)


                                                      COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                             May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                                Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                              510(k) Summary


               Ultrasound Workspace Version 6.0             TOMTEC-ARENA
                          (UWS6.0)                         TTA2.50 - K213544
Feature                                                                                         Comparison

                     Proposed Device                          Predicate Device
                                                                         • C-Shaped Annulus (cm)                           In addition to regurgitant volume, the peak
                                                    2D MV Parameters                               flow rate output of 3D Auto CFQ was
                                                                         • D-Shaped Annulus Area (cm2)
                                                                                                            validated in comparison to manual PISA                                                                         • Annulus Area (cm2)
                                                                         •  Anterior Closure Line Length (cm)               method, where the correlation was very high.
                                                                         • Posterior Closure Line Length (cm)
                                                    3D MV Parameters                      3D Auto MV feature of the predicate device
                                                                         • Saddle Shaped Annulus Area (cm2)                   facilitates anatomical measurements of the
                                                                         • Saddle Shaped Annulus Perimeter (cm)                                                                                                                      mitral valve from the generated model of the                                                                         • Total Open Coaptation Area (cm2)
                                                                         •  Anterior Closure Line Length (cm)                    mitral valve but does not perform
                                                                         • Posterior Closure Line Length (cm)              measurements for quantifying mitral
                                                                                                                   regurgitation.


                                                   COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                         May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                          Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                        510(k) Summary


        Table 4: Comparison to Predicate and Reference Device for Compatibility to VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE Probe on UWS6.0

                        Ultrasound Workspace     TOMTEC-ARENA      EPIQ Series Diagnostic        Comparison
                         Version 6.0 (UWS6.0)           TTA2.50            Ultrasound System
      Feature

                        Proposed Device          Predicate Device         Reference Device
    K-number         Not available             K213544                K202216                   Subject of this submission
                                                                                                                                             is UWS6.0
Transducer Clinical     VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE     N/A, compatibility to         VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE      Identical to reference
Application / cleared    (Proposed Transducer)      VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE    was introduced on EPIQ     device.
    compatibility                                has not been shown.         via K202216.
                  TEE (transesophageal)
                           transducer.                                TEE (transesophageal)
                         Intended for intracardiac                                  transducer.
                      and intra-luminal                                       Intended for intracardiac
                             visualization of cardiac and                          and intra-luminal
                          great vessel anatomy and                                    visualization of cardiac and
                          physiology as well as                                     great vessel anatomy and
                             visualization of other                                     physiology as well as
                         devices in the heart. The                                     visualization of other
                           VeriSight ICE catheter                                  devices in the heart. The
                          provides 2D ultrasound                                    VeriSight ICE catheter
                        imaging capabilities, while                               provides 2D ultrasound
                          the VeriSight Pro ICE                                  imaging capabilities, while
                           catheter provides 2D                                     the VeriSight Pro ICE
                         and/or 3D ultrasound                                      catheter provides 2D
                        imaging capabilities.                                    and/or 3D ultrasound
                                                                             imaging capabilities.
 Data Compatibility      Compatibility to UWS6.0 is  N/A, for TTA2               VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE      Identical to reference
                          subject of this submission.   compatibility for VeriSight   was introduced on EPIQ     device.
                                             ICE / Pro ICE has not        via K202216.
                                             been shown.


                                              COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                                                   May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                         Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                      510(k) Summary


VI.     Nonclinical Performance Data

The proposed modification of Ultrasound Workspace (UWS6.0) was tested in accordance with Philips
internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per the following standards to ensure
the continued safe and effective performance:
    •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
    •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

The approach taken by Philips Ultrasound is in alignment with the following FDA guidance documents:
    •   Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
       Submissions (2023)
    •   Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions (2023)
    •   Technical Performance Assessment of Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device Premarket
       Submissions (2022)
    •   General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff (2002)


Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
provided to support the introduction of the subject SWM, 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ software feature
and the VeriSight ICE / Pro ICE Probe compatibility. The activities to assure the safe and effective
performance of the software revision included, but are not limited to, the following:
    •   Requirements Review
    •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
    •   Product Specification Review
    •   Design Reviews

Completion of  all verification activities demonstrated that the subject device meets  all design and
performance requirements. Verification activities performed confirmed that the differences in the design
did not adversely affect the safety and effectiveness of the subject device.

Non-clinical testing also included performance validation of the proposed SWM, 3D Auto TV and 3D
Auto CFQ software applications:

Performance Data for Segmental Wall Motion (SWM)
A retrospective data analysis study was conducted to assess the use of Segmental Wall Motion (SWM),
a machine learning- based feature in quantification of Wall Motion Score Index (WMSI) in transthoracic
(TTE) ultrasound clips obtained from subjects referred for clinical TTE exam. The study evaluated the
performance of the integrated (subject) SWM algorithm compared to LVivo SWM (DiA Imaging Analysis)
application (ground truth) in the quantification of WMSI for the same subjects’ exams.
A review  of published  literature  within the cardiac assessment space and previous  regulatory
submissions (compare K240850) informed the acceptance criteria for the study to be defined as Lower
Confidence Bound for the Pearson’s correlation coefficient to be >0.8 for each endpoint. Acceptance
criteria were defined prior to study execution. The results showed a very strong correlation to the LVivo
application for WMSI output (Pearsons’s correlation coefficient of 0.957 (95%CI 0.933, 0.972), thereby
meeting the predefined acceptance criteria for the study.

The 2D Auto LV application, including the Segmental Wall Scoring on Ultrasound Workspace, is found

                              COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                              May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                         Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                      510(k) Summary


to be safe and effective to use through a summative evaluation. 16 target users completed the critical
tasks of saving desired measurements with a success rate of 97.7%. Two steps comprise the critical
task: ‘Save Measurements’ and ‘Exclude Measurements’. These steps were evaluated 44 times, with
only one failure by one participant during the ‘Save Measurements’ critical task. But the failure is not
safety related, since the participant didn’t save a desired result instead of saving an undesired result.

Performance Data for 3D Auto TV
For 3D Auto TV, A study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the 3D Auto TV software, where
transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) cardiac clips were used for TV annulus measurements by 3
clinical experts (reviewers) with the use of 3D Auto TV software and the results compared to manual
measurements by the same reviewers performed within 4D Cardio-View application, used as a ground
truth for the study. Subjects whose clips contributed to the study represented a broad range of
demographics, body habitus, and their severity of tricuspid regurgitation were representative of the
intended population. The results of the primary endpoint analysis demonstrated high agreement of the
3D Auto TV software with the 4D Cardio-View software (ground truth). Confidence intervals for the limits
of agreement were within the acceptance criteria ± 46% and ± 52% for annulus size and annulus shape,
respectively, within TEE and TTE arms. Bias was also evaluated for automation performance, where
relative bias based on inter-observer variability was met, specifically within +/- 17.37% for distance (size)
and +/- 23.68% for circumference (shape). The accuracy and precision of the underlying measurement
primitives were also evaluated through use of in silico phantoms with known dimensions. Mean relative
error of the measurement primitives on the in-silico phantoms were within +/- 1%, with limits of agreement
within acceptance criteria of +/- 5%.

Performance Data for 3D Auto CFQ
For 3D  Auto CFQ, a  study was  conducted  to  evaluate  the  performance  of  the 3D  Auto
CFQ software. The results were compared to cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) regurgitant
volume (RVol), used as a ground truth for the study. This study produced limits of agreement (LoA) of
-49.29 (lower LoA) and 25.09 (upper LoA) and associated confidence intervals: lower end of 95% LoA
(-58.37,-40.20) and upper end of 95% LoA (16.01,34.18). The acceptance criteria set for the study was
defined as maximum allowable difference (Δ) of 61.6 ml. Based on the results of the study, the lower end
of the 95% CI for LoA was -58.37 and the upper end of the 95% CI for LoA was 34.18, therefore the
primary endpoint acceptance criteria for maximum allowable difference were met. In addition, bias was
assessed where the acceptance criteria for mean difference (bias) within +/- 19.2ml was met. Further,
the peak regurgitant flow output from 3D Auto CFQ was also validated against 2D PISA methodology on
the same subjects. For both fully-automated and semi-automated 3D Auto CFQ, the upper and lower
bounds of the 95% confidence interval for Pearson’s correlation exceeded the acceptance criteria of >
0.8 when compared  to 2D PISA.  All acceptance  criteria  for  the  studies were met, and  the
results of the study demonstrated clinically reasonable, relevant, meaningful performance of the 3D
Auto CFQ software supporting clinicians’ assessment of mitral valve regurgitant volume during cardiac
TEE exam.

Since the subject device is software only, no acoustic output, cleaning and disinfectant, thermal,
electrical, electromagnetic, mechanical safety and biocompatibility testing were required.


VII.     Clinical Data

There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the Ultrasound Workspace
Version 6.0 with SWM, 3D Auto TV and 3D Auto CFQ features, also addition of data compatibility of
the new probes did not trigger clinical investigation.


VIII.    Sterilization


                              COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                              May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission

Traditional 510(k)
                                                         Ultrasound Workspace (UWS 6.0)
                                                                      510(k) Summary


Not applicable. Ultrasound Workspace is a software-only device.


IX.    Conclusion


During the testing of the new features, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of
these tests show that the proposed subject device meets its intended use support a determination that
the proposed subject device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications
for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and effectiveness.


                             COMPANY CONFIDENTIAL
                              May Not Be Reproduced Without Written Permission