February 27, 2025


Gleamer SAS
℅ Antoine Tournier
Chief Compliance Officer
47bis rue des Vinaigriers
PARIS, 75010
FRANCE


Re: K241620
    Trade/Device Name: ChestView US
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: January 27, 2025
    Received: January 28, 2025

Dear Antoine Tournier:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K241620 - Antoine Tournier                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241620 - Antoine Tournier                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
             Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for UseI===============  Submission Number (if known)
  I K241620
  Device Name
  I Ches!View US

   Indications for Use (Describe)
  ChestView US is a radiological Computer-Assisted Detection (CADe) software device that analyzes
   frontal and lateral chest radiographs of patients presenting with symptoms (e.g. dyspnea, cough,
   pain) or suspected for findings related to regions of interest (ROls) in the lungs, airways,
   mediastinum/hila and pleural space. The device uses machine learning techniques to identify and
   produces boxes around the ROls. The boxes are labeled with one of the following radiographic
   findings: Nodule, Pleural space abnormality, Mediastinum/Hila abnormality, and Consolidation.

  ChestView is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for radiologists and emergency medicine
   physicians. It does not replace the role of radiologists and emergency medicine physicians or of
   other diagnostic testing in the standard of care. ChestView is for prescription use only and is
   indicated for adults only.
  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
             *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
            time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
             of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K241620

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US


Date prepared: January 27th, 2025
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) Summary for ChestView US is provided
below.

   1. Submitter

 Submitter         GLEAMER SAS
                        47bis, rue des Vinaigriers
                     75010, Paris 10, FRANCE
 Primary Contact      Antoine Tournier
 Person               Chief Compliance Officer
                          Tel: 0033 6 15 81 23 45
                       Email: antoine.tournier@gleamer.ai
                       Alternate email: qara@gleamer.ai

   2. Device

 Trade Name         ChestView US
 510(k) reference     K241620
 Common Name      Medical Image Analyzer
 Classification Name   Medical Image Analyzer
 Regulation         21 CFR 892.2070
 Product Code     MYN
 Classification         Class II

   3. Predicate Device

 Predicate Device     Aorta-CAD
 510(k) Reference    K213353

   4. Device Description
ChestView US is a radiological Computer-Assisted Detection (CADe) software device intended to analyze
frontal and lateral chest radiographs for suspicious regions of interest (ROIs): Nodule, Consolidation, Pleural
Space Abnormality and Mediastinum/Hila Abnormality.


The nodule ROI category was developed from images with focal nonlinear opacity with a generally spherical
shape situated in the pulmonary interstitium.
The consolidation ROI category was developed from images with area of increased attenuation of lung
parenchyma due to the replacement of air in the alveoli.
The pleural space abnormality ROI category was developed from images with:

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US

    •   Pleural Effusion that is an abnormal presence of fluid in the pleural space
    •  Pneumothorax that is an abnormal presence of air or gas in the pleural space that separates the
         parietal and the visceral pleura
The mediastinum/hila abnormality ROI category was developed from images with enlargement of the
mediastinum or the hilar region with a deformation of its contours.


ChestView US can be deployed on cloud and be connected to several computing platforms and X-ray imaging
platforms such as radiographic systems, or PACS. More precisely, ChestView US can be deployed in the cloud
connected to a DICOM Source/Destination with a DICOM Viewer, i.e. a PACS.


After the acquisition of the radiographs on the patient and their storage in the DICOM Source, the
radiographs are automatically received by ChestView US from the  user’s DICOM Source through
intermediate DICOM node(s) (for example, a specific Gateway, or a dedicated API). The DICOM Source can
be the user’s image storage system (for example, the Picture Archiving and Communication System, or PACS),
or other radiological equipment (for example X-ray systems).


Once received by ChestView US, the radiographs are automatically processed by the AI algorithm to identify
regions of interest. Based on the processing result, ChestView US generates result files in DICOM format.
These result files consist of annotated images with boxes drawn around the regions of interest on a copy of
all images (as an overlay). ChestView US does not alter the original images, nor does it change the order of
original images or delete any image from the DICOM Source.


Once available, the result files are sent by ChestView US to the DICOM Destination through the same
intermediate DICOM node(s). Similar to the DICOM Source, the DICOM Destination can be the user’s image
storage system (for example, the Picture Archiving and Communication System, or PACS), or other
radiological equipment (for example X-ray systems). The DICOM Source and the DICOM Destination are not
necessarily identical.


The DICOM Destination can be used to visualize the result files provided by ChestView US or to transfer the
results to another DICOM host for visualization. The users are then able to use them as a concurrent reading
aid to provide their diagnosis.


For each exam analyzed by ChestView US, a DICOM Secondary Capture is generated.
If any ROI is detected by ChestView US, the output DICOM image includes a copy of the original images of
the study and the following information:
    •  Above the images, a header with the text “CHESTVIEW ROI” and the list of the findings detected in
       the image.
    •  Around the ROI(s), a bounding box with a solid or dotted line depending on the confidence of the
        algorithm and the type of ROI written above the box:
        o   Dotted-line Bounding Box: Identified region of interest when the confidence degree of the
                AI algorithm associated with the possible finding is above “high-sensitivity operating point”

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US

             and below “high specificity operating point” displayed as a dotted bounding box around the
               area of interest.
        o   Solid-line Bounding Box: Identified region of interest when the confidence degree of the AI
               algorithm associated with the finding is above “high-specificity operating point” displayed
               as a solid bounding box around the area of interest.
    •  Below the images, a footer with:
        o  The scope of ChestView US to allow the user to always have available the list of ROI type
                that are in the indications for use of the device and avoid any risk of confusion or
                misinterpretation of the types of ROI detected by ChestView US.
        o  The total number of regions of interest identified by ChestView US on the exam (sum of
                  solid-line and dotted-line bounding boxes)


If no ROI is detected by ChestView US, the output DICOM image includes a copy of the original images of
the study and the text “NO CHESTVIEW ROI” with the scope of ChestView US to allow the user to always
have available the list of ROI type that are in the indications for use of the device and avoid any risk of
confusion or misinterpretation of the types of ROI detected by ChestView US. Finally, if the processing of the
exam by ChestView US is not possible because it is outside the indications for use of the device or some
information is missing to allow the processing, the output DICOM image includes a copy of the original
images of the study and, in a header, the text “OUT OF SCOPE” and a caution message explaining the reason
why no result was provided by the device.

   5. Intended use/ Indications for Use
ChestView US is a radiological Computer-Assisted Detection (CADe) software device that analyzes frontal and
lateral chest radiographs of patients presenting with symptoms (e.g. dyspnea, cough, pain) or suspected for
findings related to regions of interest (ROIs) in the lungs, airways, mediastinum/hila and pleural space. The
device uses machine learning techniques to identify and produces boxes around the ROIs. The boxes are
labeled with one of the following radiographic findings: Nodule, Pleural space abnormality, Mediastinum/Hila
abnormality, and Consolidation.


ChestView US is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for radiologists and emergency medicine
physicians. It does not replace the role of radiologists and emergency medicine physicians or of other
diagnostic testing in the standard of care. ChestView US is for prescription use only and is indicated for adults
only.

   6. Substantial equivalence
The predicate device for ChestView US is Aorta-CAD (K213353). Aorta-CAD has the following FDA-cleared
Indications for Use:
Aorta-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest radiograph studies
for suspicious regions of interest (ROIs). The device uses a deep learning algorithm to identify ROIs and
produces boxes around the ROIs. The boxes are labeled with one of the following radiographic findings: Aortic
calcification or Dilated aorta. Aorta-CAD is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians looking

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US

for ROIs with radiographic findings suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis or Aortic Ectasia. It does not replace
the role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in the standard of care. Aorta-CAD is indicated for
adults only
Table 1 provides a comparison of the Indications for Use and Technological Characteristics of ChestView US
to the predicate Aorta-CAD.

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US


  Features and       Subject Device                                            Predicate Device
  Characteristics    Gleamer                                         Imagen Inc.
                  ChestView US                                       Aorta-CAD (K213353)


  Regulation Information


  Classification     21 CFR 892.2070 – Medical image analyzer             Same
  regulation


 Product Code    MYN                                        Same


  Regulation        Medical image analyzers, including computer-           Same
  Description        assisted/aided detection (CADe) devices for
                mammography breast cancer, ultrasound breast lesions,
                    radiograph lung nodules, and radiograph dental caries
                     detection, is a prescription device that is intended to
                        identify, mark, highlight, or in any other manner direct
                   the clinicians' attention to portions of a radiology image
                     that may reveal abnormalities during interpretation of
                     patient radiology images by the clinicians. This device
                    incorporates pattern recognition and data analysis
                       capabilities and operates on previously acquired medical
                    images.


  Indications for Use


 Image Modality    X-ray                                        Same


 Study type        Chest                                        Same


  Clinical Output   When regions of interest (ROIs) are detected: Identify     When regions of interest (ROIs) are
                 and mark ROIs on chest radiographs and label the box      detected: Identify and mark
                  around the ROI as one of the following: Nodule, Pleural     regions of interest (ROIs) on chest
                   space abnormality, Mediastinum/Hila abnormality, and     radiographs and label the box
                     Consolidation.                                      around the ROI as one of the
                                                                                    following: Aortic calcification or
              When no ROI is detected: Mark the chest radiographs as    Dilated aorta.
               “NO CHESTVIEW ROI” and provide the scope of the
                      indications for use of ChestView US.                When no ROI is detected: Mark
                                                                         the chest radiographs as “No
                                                                      Aorta-CAD ROI(s)”

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US


 Intended Users    Radiologists/emergency medicine physicians                Physicians


 Intended User     Device intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for    Same
 Workflow          users interpreting chest radiographs


  Patient            Adults with Chest Radiographs                      Same
  population


  Technological Information


 Machine          Supervised Deep learning                         Same
  Learning
 Methodology


 Deployment       Secure cloud-based processing and delivery of chest      Same
  Platform          radiographs


 Image Source       Digital X-ray                                   Same


 Image Viewing    Image displayed on PACS system                    Same


          Table 1: Indications for Use and Technological Comparison between ChestView US and Aorta-CAD


As outlined in the table above, ChestView US shares similar technological features with Aorta-CAD.
ChestView US and Aorta-CAD both analyze chest radiographs and both detect, identify and categorize ROIs.
ChestView US and Aorta-CAD are indicated for use as a concurrent reading aid. Both devices are intended
as an aid to the user and not intended to replace the role of the user or of other diagnostic testing in the
standard of care.


ChestView US differs from Aorta-CAD in that ChestView US identifies and categorizes ROIs as one of four
categories  (Nodule,  Pleural space  abnormality, Mediastinum/Hila  abnormality, and  Consolidation)
compared to Aorta-CAD which identifies and categorizes ROIs as one of two categories (Aortic calcification
or Dilated aorta). Despite these differences in application, the primary purpose of both devices is to identify
ROIs on chest X-rays for further consideration by the intended users. The differences in indications for use
do not constitute a new intended use (as both devices are intended to assist physicians by identifying and
marking ROIs in chest radiographs) and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.
Thus, ChestView US is considered substantially equivalent to its predicate device, Aorta-CAD.

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US

   7. Performance data
7.1. Software Verification and Validation Testing
Product verification and validation testing were conducted and documented as per the requirements of the
FDA  guidance  “Content  of Premarket  Submissions  for  Device  Software  Functions”  for  a  Basic
Documentation Level. Nonclinical tests include unit, integration and system levels testing for the final
software version. ChestView US performed as intended and all results observed were as expected. All
software requirements and risk analysis have been successfully verified and traced.

7.2. Bench testing
Gleamer conducted a standalone clinical performance study on 3,884 chest radiograph cases representative
of the intended use population. The results of the standalone testing demonstrated that ChestView US
detects ROIs with high Area Under the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve,
high sensitivity and high specificity:


                     Table 2: AUC of the ROC Curve for ChestView US Model Predictions by ROI
                 ROIs                      AUC                  95% Bootstrap CI
 NODULE                                           0.93                            [0.921; 0.938]
 MEDIASTINUM/HILA ABNORMALITY                 0.922                             [0.91; 0.934]
 CONSOLIDATION                                 0.952                           [0.947; 0.957]
 PLEURAL SPACE ABNORMALITY                     0.973                             [0.97; 0.975]


 Table 3: Specificity/Sensitivity (with 95% Bootstrap CI, at both operating points) of ChestView US at the exam/patient
                                                level on the standalone dataset
 ROIs                                                              Specificity/Sensitivity
                                      High-sensitivity operating point              High-specificity operating point
                                     (POSSIBLE FINDINGS)                         (FINDINGS)
                                   Specificity – 95%      Sensitivity – 95%      Specificity – 95%      Sensitivity – 95%
                               Bootstrap CI         Bootstrap CI         Bootstrap CI         Bootstrap CI

 NODULE                     0.956 [0.948; 0.963]    0.829 [0.801; 0.86]     0.994 [0.99; 0.996]    0.482 [0.455; 0.518]

 MEDIASTINUM/HILA
                               0.975 [0.971; 0.98]    0.793 [0.739; 0.832]     0.992 [0.99; 0.994]    0.535 [0.475; 0.592]
 ABNORMALITY

 CONSOLIDATION             0.946 [0.938; 0.952]   0.853 [0.822; 0.879]    0.985 [0.981; 0.989]     0.61 [0.583; 0.643]

 PLEURAL SPACE
                               0.965 [0.958; 0.971]    0.892 [0.87; 0.911]     0.975 [0.97; 0.981]      0.87 [0.85; 0.896]
 ABNORMALITY

7.3. Clinical Testing
Gleamer conducted a fully-crossed multiple reader, multiple case (MRMC) retrospective reader study to
determine the impact of ChestView US on reader performance in detecting Regions of Interest from the
ChestView US’s indications for use on chest radiograph cases.

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US

The primary objective of this study was to determine whether the accuracy of readers (radiologists and
emergency medicine physicians) aided by ChestView US (“Aided”) was superior to the accuracy of readers
when unaided by ChestView US (“Unaided”) as determined by the case-level Area Under the Curve (AUC)
of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve. The specificity and the sensitivity for each of the four
categories of ROI detected by ChestView US was also reported at the case-level and ROI level.


Clinical readers each evaluated 240 cases in ChestView US’s Indications for Use under both Aided and
Unaided conditions. Each case was previously evaluated by a panel of U.S. board-certified radiologists who
assessed the presence or absence of ROI from the indications for use of ChestView US.


The MRMC study consisted of two independent reading sessions separated by a washout period of at least
1 month in order to avoid memory bias.


For each case, each reader was required to determine if there is at least one ROI from the indications for
use of ChestView US in the exam and to provide a confidence score representing their certainty. The
accuracy of both readers specialties, radiologists and emergency medicine physicians, in the intended use
population was superior when aided by ChestView US than when unaided by ChestView US for each
category as calculated with the 95% Bootstrap confidence interval modeling approach.


The results of the study found that the diagnostic accuracy of readers in the intended use population is
superior when aided by ChestView US than when unaided by ChestView US.


The results of the clinical study are shown in Figure 1 to Figure 4 below.


 Figure 1: Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC   Figure 2: Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC
          Curves for Pleural space abnormality                          Curves for Consolidation

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – ChestView US

 Figure 3: Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC   Figure 4: Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC
        Curves for Mediastinum/hila abnormality                           Curves for Nodule


In particular, the clinical study results demonstrated improvements when Aided versus Unaided:
    •  Reader AUC estimates for both specialties significantly improved for all four categories (p-values <
        0.001).
    •  More precisely:
        o  For Nodule Detection the difference in AUC at the exam/patient level between aided and
              unaided reads was 0.136 (95% CI [0.107, 0.17]) for emergency medicine physicians and
              0.038 (95% CI [0.026, 0.052]) for radiologists.
        o  For Mediastinum/Hila Abnormality Detection the difference in AUC at the exam/patient
                  level between aided and unaided reads was 0.158 (95% CI [0.14, 0.178]) for emergency
              medicine physicians and 0.057 (95% CI [0.039, 0.077]) for radiologists.
        o  For Consolidation Detection the difference in AUC at the exam/patient level between aided
             and unaided reads was 0.099 (95% CI [0.083, 0.116]) for emergency medicine physicians
             and 0.059 (95% CI [0.038, 0.079]) for radiologists.
        o  For Pleural Space Abnormality Detection the difference in AUC at the exam/patient level
             between aided and unaided reads was 0.127 (95% CI [0.078, 0.18]) for emergency medicine
                physicians and 0.034 (95% CI [0.019, 0.049]) for radiologists.

   8. Conclusion
The conclusions drawn from the standalone and clinical studies demonstrate that ChestView US is as safe,
as effective, and performs as well as Aorta-CAD. The special controls for the Medical Image Analyzer (CADe)
21 CFR 892.2070 regulation are satisfied by demonstrating effectiveness of the device in both the standalone
testing and the clinical testing, showing superiority of Aided versus Unaided reads in the clinical testing, and
communicating testing results in the labeling. ChestView US’s technological characteristics, including but not
limited to the intended end-users, imaging modality, output display on X-ray studies, and assistive
functionality during chest radiograph interpretation workflows, are similar to those of Aorta-CAD. Thus,
ChestView US is substantially equivalent to Aorta-CAD for the intended use of computer-assisted detection.