March 11, 2025


Better Diagnostics AI Corp
℅ Rajeev Nohria
CEO
29 Alcott Way
AVON, CT 06001


Re: K241725
    Trade/Device Name:  Better Diagnostics Caries Assist (BDCA) Version 1.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: February 10, 2025
    Received: February 10, 2025


Dear Rajeev Nohria:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241725 - Rajeev Nohria                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241725 - Rajeev Nohria                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241725                                                             I
Device Name
 Better Diagnostics Caries Assist (BDCA) Version 1.0

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Better Diagnostics Caries Assist is a radiological, automated, concurrent read, CADe software
 intended to identify and localize carious lesions on bitewings and periapical radiographs acquired
 from patients aged 18 years or older. Better Diagnostics Caries assist is indicated for use by board
 licensed dentists. The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete dentist's review or
 their clinical judgment that takes into account other relevant information from the image, patient
 history or actual in vivo clinical assessment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K241725


                                                                         Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                         29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                       USA

                 510(k) Summary

1. General Information


    510(k) Owner               Better Diagnostics AI Corp.


    Address                 29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001

                     USA


    Correspondence person    Raj Zaveri

                                 Quality and Regulatory Consultant


    Contact information       Email: rajzaveri10@gmail.com

                            Phone: +91 8369438297


    Date prepared             March 23, 2024


2. Proposed device

   Proprietary Name of Device: Better Diagnostics Caries Assist (BDCA) Version 1.0

  Common or Usual Name: Medical image analyzer

    Classification Panel: Radiology

   Regulation Number: 21 CFR § 892.2070

   Regulation Name: Medical image analyzer

   Regulation Class: Class II

   Product Code: MYN


                                     Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 1 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                         29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                       USA


3.  Predicate Device

   Proprietary Name of Device: Overjet Caries Assist Software (Version 1.0)

   Premarket Notification: K222746

  Common or Usual Name: Medical image analyzer

    Classification Panel: Radiology

   Regulation Number: 21 CFR § 892.2070

   Regulation Name: Medical image analyzer

   Regulation Class: Class II

   Product Code: MYN


4. Device Description

    Better Diagnostics Caries Assist (BDCA) Version 1.0 is a computer-aided detection
   (CADe) software designed for the automated detection of carious lesions in Bitewings
   and periapical dental radiographs. This software offers supplementary information to
    assist clinicians in their diagnosis of potentially carious tooth surfaces. It is important to
    note that BDCA v1.0 is not meant to replace a comprehensive clinical evaluation by a
    clinician, which should consider other pertinent information from the image, the patient's
   medical history and clinical examination. This software is intended for use in identifying
    carious lesions in permanent teeth of patients who are 18 years or older.

  BDCA v1.0 does not make treatment recommendations or provide a diagnosis.
    Dentists should review images annotated by BDCA v1.0 concurrently with original,
   unannotated images before making the final diagnosis on a case. BDCA v1.0 is an
   adjunct tool and does not replace the role of the dentist. The CAD generated output
   should not be used as the primary interpretation by the dentists. BDCA v1.0 is not
   designed to detect conditions other than the following: Caries.

  BDCA v1.0 comprises four main components:

   ●  Presentation Layer: This component includes “AI Results Screen'' a web-based
        interface (user interface) that allows users to view AI marked annotations. This is a
      custom code provided by Better Diagnostics AI Corp to Dental PMS customers. User
        Interface uses Angular.js and node.js technology to show images on the “AI Results
        Screen''. System can process PNG, BMP and JPG format images. All images are
       converted into JPEG format for processing. Computer Vision Models


                                     Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 2 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                     29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                    USA


    returns AI annotations and co-ordinates to the business layer. Business layer sends
   coordinates to the presentation layer and bounding boxes are drawn on the image
   using custom code written in Angular.js and node.js. Dentists can view, accept or
    reject the annotations based on his evaluation. Better Diagnostics AI provides UI
   code to customers e.g. dental practice management software and imaging firms
    for utilization of BCDA v1.0 software.

●  Application Programming Interface (API): APIs are a set of definitions and
    protocols  for building and  integrating application software.  It’s sometimes
    referred to as a contract between an information provider and an information user.
  BDCA v1.0 APIs connect the Dental PMS with the business layer. API receives
   images input from Dental PMS and passes it to the business layer. It also receives
   annotations and co-ordinates from the business layer and passes  it to the
    presentation layer hosted by Dental PMS.

●  Business Layer: Receives image from the API Gateway and passes it to computer
    vision models. It also receives the bounding boxes coordinates from the model
   and retrieves images from the cloud storage. It sends all information to the “AI
   Results screen” to display rectangle bounding boxes.

●  Computer Vision Models (CV Models): These models are hosted on a cloud
   computing platform and are responsible for image processing. They provide a
   binary indication to determine the presence or absence of carious findings. If
    carious findings are detected, the software will output the coordinates of the
   bounding boxes for each finding. If no carious lesions are found, the output will
   not contain any bounding boxes and will have a message stating “No Suspected:
   Caries Detected”

   AI models have three parts:

          ○  Pre-Processing Module: Standardization of image to specific
                  height and width to maintain consistency for AI model. Finds out
                  the type of image including IOPA, Bitewings or other types. BDCA
                 v1.0 can only process Bitewings and IOPA images for patients over
                age 18. All other types of images will be rejected.

          ○  Core Module: This module provides carious lesion annotations
               and co-ordinates to draw bounding boxes.

          ○  Post-Processing Module: includes cleanup process to remove
                   outliers/incorrect annotations from the images.


                                Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 3 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                         29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                       USA


5. Intended Use/Indications for Use

    Better Diagnostics Caries Assist is a radiological, automated, concurrent read, CADe
   software intended to identify and localize carious lesions on bitewings and periapical
   radiographs acquired from patients aged 18 years or older. Better Diagnostics Caries
    assist is indicated for use by board licensed dentists. The device is not intended as a
   replacement for a complete dentist’s review or their clinical judgment that takes into
   account other relevant information from the image, patient history or actual in vivo
    clinical assessment.

6. Intended Patient Population

   The intended patient population of the device is patients that have permanent
    dentition, and who are at least 18 years of age.

7.  Substantial Equivalence


                                     Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 4 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                   29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                  USA


                                     Primary Predicate     Substantially
                   Proposed Device
                                             Device            equivalent


510(k) Number       K241725            K222746                   -


                      Better Diagnostics
Applicant                                       Overjet, Inc.                 -
                     AI Corp.


                      Better Diagnostics
Device Name                             Overjet Caries Assist            -
                        Caries Assist


Classification
                   21 CFR 892.2070     21 CFR 892.2070    Yes
Regulation


Product Code       MYN          MYN         Yes


                     Better  Diagnostics  Overjet Caries  Assist
                     Caries Assist  is a  (OCA) is a radiological,
                       radiological,        automated, concurrent
                    automated,           read, CADe software
                    concurrent    read,  intended to aid in the
              CADe    software  detection         and
                    intended to identify  segmentation of caries
Indications for use  and        localize  on    bitewing    and  Yes¹
                     carious lesions  on  periapical radiographs.
                    bitewings     and  The  device  provides
                      periapical            additional  information
                    radiographs          for the dentist to use in
                    acquired     from   their  diagnosis   of a
                        patients  aged  18  tooth surface suspected
                     years    or   older.  of being  carious. The
                     Better  Diagnostics  device  is not intended


                             Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 5 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                   29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                  USA


                                     Primary Predicate     Substantially
                   Proposed Device
                                             Device            equivalent


                     Caries   assist    is  as a replacement for a
                     indicated for use by  complete        dentist’s
                   board     licensed  review or their clinical
                        dentists.     The  judgment that takes into
                    device     is    not  account other  relevant
                    intended    as   a  information  from  the
                    replacement  for  a  image, patient  history,
                    complete  dentist’s   or  actual     in   vivo
                   review   or   their  clinical assessment.
                        clinical  judgment
                         that   takes    into
                    account      other
                      relevant
                    information  from
                     the image, patient
                       history, or actual in
                    vivo        clinical
                    assessment.


Image Modality        Radiograph          Radiograph       Yes


Study Type           Bitewing and     Bitewing and periapical Yes
                        periapical Images         Images


Reader workflow       Concurrent          Concurrent       Yes


                 Message indicating  Caries detection and
                              if a carious lesion    segmentation on
Clinical Output    was detected.       radiograph resulting in   Yes²
                                              outline or fill of
            A bounding box is                                        suspected caries.
                     created to indicate


                             Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 6 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                   29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                  USA


                                     Primary Predicate     Substantially
                   Proposed Device
                                             Device            equivalent


                    suspected carious
                       lesions.


                                            Patients requiring
                 18 years or older     dental services, all
Patient Population  with permanent      sexes, 12 years of age   Yes³
                       teeth                or older with permanent
                                             teeth


                 Web - Edge,     Web - Edge, Chrome,
Platform                                              Yes
                    Chrome, Firefox           Firefox


OS                   Any               Any         Yes


                  Mouse, Keyboard,     Mouse, Keyboard,
User Interface                                          Yes
                        Trackpad             Trackpad


Intended User            Dentists               Dentist        Yes


                  Images         are
                   imported    from  Images  imported from
                                           the radiographic device,
                     dental
Image Source      PMS/Imaging       or from the   practice  Yes
                                  management   system
                    software     from
                     multiple    sensor  from  multiple  sensor
                                       manufacturers                    manufacturers


                             Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 7 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                   29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                  USA


                                     Primary Predicate     Substantially
                   Proposed Device
                                             Device            equivalent


                   Accepts    image
Image Format      formats      JPG,  JPG, PNG, EOP, TIFF,  Yes⁴
                          DICOM                PNG, and BMP


                                           Three layers:

                       1, APIs - Dental     1 - The Network layer
                 PMS/Imaging       works with the practice
                    software send x-ray    PACS or EMR to
                  image to BDCA      transmit the image and
                                          meta-data to Overjet.
                       2. Computer vision
                  models process the   2 - The decision layer
                     x-ray image and      processes the image to
                   send results          ensure it is the correct
Processing                     presentation layer      data type, and then    Yes*
Architecture                                             annotates it via the
                       3. Presentation             algorithm
                      layers is plots
                     rectangle shape       3 - The presentation
                     annotations on the       layer displays the
                     x-ray image and it     annotated image in a
                          is displayed to        non-diagnostic viewer.
                       dentist using “AI     The dentist can filter,
                     Results screen”      display, hide, create and
                                                  edit the annotations
                                                   presented.


                             Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 8 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                         29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                       USA


  BDCA v1.0 and Overjet Caries Assist are both class II devices with the same product
    classification code - MYN. Both devices are radiological, automated, concurrent read,
  CADe software that are used to detect caries on bitewing and periapical radiographs.
  BDCA v1.0 has minor differences compared to the predicate device in terms of the
   following:

     ●  Yes¹ - BDCA v1.0 detects caries by drawing coloured bounding boxes on
          bitewing and  periapical radiographs whereas Overjet  caries  assist uses
          segmentation to outline the carious regions on bitewing and periapical
           radiographs. These are two different approaches prevalent for automated
           caries detection. Choosing either approach has no impact whatsoever on the
          outcome. This is supported by the results of the Multi-Reader, Multi-Case
       (MRMC) study, where BDCA v1.0 demonstrated robust performance in
           detecting caries lesions with sensitivity improvements as discussed in section
             8.a.ii given below. Additionally, the standalone study showed that BDCA
           significantly improved cavity detection capability without compromising
            specificity, with consistent performance across various clinical settings and
           variables.

     ●  Yes² - BDCA v1.0 localizes caries via bounding boxes on bitewing and
          periapical radiographs whereas Overjet caries assist uses segmentation to
           outline or fill the carious regions on bitewing and periapical radiographs.
         Both lead to the same clinical outcome i.e detection of caries.

     ●  Yes³ - BDCA v1.0 is intended to mark carious regions on radiographs acquired
         from patients aged 18 years or above, whereas Overjet carries assist marks
           carious regions on radiographs acquired from patients aged 12 years or above.
          This additional functionality on the Overjet’s part has no impact whatsoever
         on the outcome of BDCA v1.0. Further, the software  verification and
           validation performed as per IEC 62304 validates the performance of BDCA
           v1.0.

     ●  Yes⁴ - BDCA v1.0 supports BMP, JPG, and PNG and Overjet supports JPG,
        PNG, EOP, TIFF, DICOM. The additional formats supported by Overjet has
         no impact whatsoever on the outcome of BDCA v1.0. Further, the software
           verification and validation performed as per IEC 62304 validates this claim as
          well as the performance of BDCA v1.0.

8. Performance Testing

       Safety and performance of BDCA v1.0 has been evaluated and verified in
       accordance with software specifications and the following applicable


                                     Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                   Page 9 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                    29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                   USA


   performance   standards  through   software   verification  and   validation,
    identification and mitigation of device-related hazards via cybersecurity and risk
   management, labeling validation, human factors testing, standalone and clinical
   performance testing :

       ●  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Medical device software – Software
                 life cycle processes

       ●  IEC 62366-1:2015: Medical devices-Part 1: Application of usability
             engineering to medical devices.

       ●  ISO 14971 Third Edition 2019-12 Medical Devices - Application of
               risk management to medical devices.

       ●  ISO 15223-1:2021: Medical devices Symbols to be used with
             information to be supplied by the manufacturer.

    Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance
   with the FDA Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket Submissions for
   Device Software Functions” and “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality
   System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions”.

   Performance data from standalone and clinical performance assessments are
   summarized below.

a.  Standalone and clinical performance assessments

    Better Diagnostic has conducted performance  testing according  to FDA’s
   “Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff ComputerAssisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology Device
   Data - Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions Document” and the “Clinical
   Performance Assessment:  Considerations  for Computer-Assisted  Detection
   Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology Device Data in Premarket
    Notification [510(k)] Submissions” Guidance, as part of the development process
    of the caries model. Performance testing included standalone testing and a clinical
    reader  evaluation.  All  testing demonstrated  that BDCA met  prespecified
   requirements.

              i.   Standalone Testing

           In the standalone study, BW and IOPA images were analyzed separately.
      A patient had at most one BW and one IOPA image included in the
           analysis dataset. For BW images, out of 614 images, 310 indicated the
          presence of cavities. Among the 15,687 surfaces examined within these
          images, 585 were positively identified with cavities, while 15,102 were


                               Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                    Page 10 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                        29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                           USA


negative. Similarly, for IOPA images, of the 684 images analyzed, 367
showed indications of cavities. Out of 9,253 surfaces reviewed, 618
showed positive  results for  cavities, and 8,635 were negative. The
Standalone analysis demonstrated the use of Intersection over Union
(IOU) 0.5.

Ground truth was determined through the consensus of two out of three
experienced, licensed dentists, each with over 10 years of professional
experience. These dentists examined and labeled dental surfaces, agreeing
on the final labels for analysis when at least two dentists identified a
surface as carious. The comprehensive analyses targeted both primary and
secondary endpoints, focusing on the sensitivity and specificity at both the
surface and image levels.

The primary analysis in the standalone study was conducted at the surface
level, comparing the performance metrics—BW Surface Level Sensitivity,
BW Surface Level Specificity, IOPA Surface Level Sensitivity, and IOPA
Surface Level Specificity—against predefined performance goals. As a
maximum of one BW and one IOPA image was considered for each patient,
avoiding inter-image  correlation. However, multiple  cavities  (surfaces)
within an image might  lead  to  potential  positive  correlations, hence
unadjusted 95% CIs are reported at the surface level, with adjusted CIs
provided using the bootstrapping method. The analysis at the image level was
conducted under two  definitions, namely Conservative  Definition and
Optimistic Definition (per the FDA). Under Conservative Definition: A TP
is defined as an image being classified as TP if all lesions marked by the GT
within the image are also accurately marked by the AI device. Under
Optimistic Definition: A TP is defined as an image being classified as TP if
at least one lesion within the image is labeled as "present" (indicating a
cavity) by both the device prediction and the GT.

The BDCA demonstrated robust performance in detection of caries
lesions.

Primary Analysis:
     BW Surface Level: The BDCA achieved a sensitivity of
      89.2% with an adjusted 95% CI of [86.15%, 92.13%], and a
        specificity of 99.5% with a CI of [99.32%, 99.57%]. These figures
        significantly surpass the predefined performance goals of 0.74 and
       0.95  respectively,  illustrating  the  device's  high  accuracy  in
       identifying caries at the surface level.
      ● IOPA Surface Level: The device reached a sensitivity of
      88.2% with a CI of [85.27%, 90.78%] and a specificity of 99.1%


               Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                    Page 11 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                          29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                            USA


        with a CI of [98.88%, 99.31%], exceeding the goals of 0.76 and
        0.95 respectively. This indicates a robust precision in detecting
         surface caries within IOPA images, supported by  statistically
         significant outcomes.
 Secondary Analysis:
       ● BW Image Level: Sensitivity under conservative conditions
       was reported at 81.0%, with a CI of [76.15%, 85.18%], and under
         optimistic conditions, it improved to 91.9%, with a CI of [88.33%,
        94.71%].  Specificity  remained  consistent  at  98.4%  across
         definitions with a CI of [96.20%, 99.44%]. These results validate
         the BDCA's capacity to maintain high diagnostic accuracy across
         varied operational  settings, emphasizing the  reliability of  its
         detection capabilities at the image level.
        ● IOPA Image Level: Sensitivity was remarkably high at 83.1%
        with a CI of [78.87%, 86.80%] under conservative conditions, and
        under optimistic conditions,  it improved to 91.8%, with a CI of
        [88.54%, 94.42%], substantially exceeding the target goal of 0.75.
         Specificity was also impressive at 98.4% with a CI of [96.20%,
        99.44%].  These  metrics  significantly  surpass  the  performance
         thresholds,  confirming  the  device’s  superior  performance  in
         accurately delineating caries within IOPA images.

 Subgroup Analyses

 Subgroup analyses were also performed for patient demographics, sensor
  manufacturer,at the both image and surface levels (including cavity type)
  for both BW and IOPA images. These analyses demonstrated that the
 BDCA toolmaintains consistent diagnostic performance across various
 demographic and technical subgroups, respectively.

  ii.   Clinical Evaluation-Reader Improvement

The MRMC study evaluates the BDCA v1.0 Software in a multi-reader, fully
crossed format to assess its effectiveness on 328 digital radiographs, including
108 BW and 220 IOPA. 72 out of 108 of BW images and 91 out of 220 of IOPA
images demonstrated cavities. At the surface level, cavities were positively
identified in 221 out of 2716 surfaces in BW images, and 160 out of 2967
surfaces in IOPA images. Twenty-nine United States (US) licensed dentists
interpreted these radiographs twice: once with and once without BDCA
Software assistance. The ground truth was established through consensus of
two among three licensed US dentists.


                  Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                    Page 12 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                          29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                            USA


Dentists were randomly assigned to two groups: Group 1 started with
BDCA  v1.0  assistance, and Group 2  started  without. To  mitigate
recollection bias, a 30-day washout period was included in the study. Post
washout period, group 2 assessed radiographs with BDCA’s assistance and
group 1 without. The study measures diagnostic performance of the model
using  Alternative Free Response Operating  Characteristic (AFROC),
sensitivity and specificity at the image and surface levels for comparing the
performance between readers aided by BDCA v1.0 and reader unaided by
BDCA v1.0.

Unassisted vs. Assisted AFROC Score

The MRMC AFROC analysis across various subgroups for BW and IOPA
images convincingly demonstrates that AI assistance significantly enhances
diagnostic accuracy in radiographic interpretations. The results from the
aided groups, displaying AUCs of 0.848 for BW and 0.845 for IOPA
images, significantly surpass those of the unaided groups, which recorded
AUCs  of 0.806 and  0.807,  respectively. The  statistically  significant
differences in AUCs, marked by p-values less than 0.001, affirm that the
use of BDCA v1.0 improves the precision with which readers identify
targets in the images.

Subgroup analyses were also performed for dentist experience, patient
demographics, sensor, and cavity type. Subgroup analyses of the BDCA
v1.0 tool revealed significant improvements in detection accuracy across
various demographic and technical variables.

Unassisted vs. Assisted Sensitivity at the Image Level

MRMC  sensitivity  performance  analysis  at  the  image  level  clearly
demonstrates the advantages of AI assistance in radiographic interpretations
under both the Optimistic and Conservative definitions. The findings indicate
that BDCA v1.0 significantly enhances the ability of readers to detect lesions
more effectively when compared to unaided conditions. Under the Optimistic
Definition, which considers any lesion detection as successful, aided conditions
showed a marked improvement in sensitivity, with the majority of readers
experiencing increased detection  rates. Specifically, for BW images, the
sensitivity improved from 0.857 to 0.890, and for IOPA images from 0.761 to
0.809 under aided conditions. The Conservative Definition establishes that
BDCA v1.0 assistance aids in the comprehensive detection and accurate
marking of  all  identified  lesions, contributing  to an overall increase  in
diagnostic precision.


                  Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                    Page 13 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                          29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                            USA


For BW images, the aided sensitivity is quantified at 0.509, an increase from
the unaided  sensitivity of 0.444.  Similarly,  for IOPA images, aided
sensitivity rises to 0.619 from 0.564 in unaided conditions. The fact that
these improvements are consistent across most readers under such rigorous
evaluation criteria underscores the effectiveness of BDCA v1.0 assistance
in enhancing diagnostic accuracy.

Unassisted vs. Assisted Specificity at the Image Level

MRMC specificity analysis for both BW and IOPA images at the image
level indicates a general trend of improvement in specificity when BDCA
v1.0 is employed. For BW images, the overall specificity increased slightly
from 0.634 in unaided conditions to 0.682 in aided conditions. This
improvement underscores the potential of BDCA v1.0 to enhance the
accuracy of negative lesion identifications in radiographic images. On the
other hand, the  specificity analysis for IOPA images shows a more
pronounced  improvement  under  aided  conditions,  with  specificity
increasing from 0.813 to 0.844. This difference is statistically significant,
suggesting that BDCA v1.0 is more reliably beneficial in enhancing the
specificity of IOPA image interpretations.

Unassisted vs. Assisted Sensitivity at the Surface Level

MRMC sensitivity performance analysis at the surface level provides clear
evidence that AI assistance substantially enhances diagnostic sensitivity.
This improvement is consistent across almost all readers and demonstrates
a notable enhancement in the ability to detect lesions at the surface level
when compared  to unaided conditions. For BW Images, the  overall
sensitivity under aided conditions is significantly higher (0.763) compared
to unaided conditions (0.707), with a statistically significant mean increase
of 0.056. This improvement indicates a robust benefit provided by BDCA
in enhancing  lesion  detection  capabilities. For IOPA Images,  aided
conditions show a higher overall sensitivity (0.746) than unaided conditions
(0.691), with a significant mean increase of 0.055. This indicates that AI
assistance consistently enhances the detection of lesions, providing clear
benefits in clinical diagnostics.

Unassisted vs. Assisted Specificity at the Surface Level

MRMC specificity analysis at the surface level for both BW and IOPA
images  reveals  that AI  assistance  leads  to  statistically  significant
improvements in specificity. For BW Images, the overall specificity under
aided conditions shows an increase to 0.980 from 0.974 in unaided


                  Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                    Page 14 of 15

Better Diagnostics AI Corp.
                                                                         29 Alcott Way Avon CT, 06001
                                                                       USA


              conditions. This slight but significant improvement reflects the capability
             of AI to enhance the precision of radiographic diagnostics by minimizing
              false positives. Similarly for IOPA Images, the overall specificity under
             aided conditions is slightly improved at 0.983 compared to 0.979 in unaided
              conditions.

9. Conclusion

   Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the
    indications for use, technological characteristics and performance testing, the Better
   Diagnostics Caries Assist (BDCA) Version 1.0 raises no new questions of safety and
    effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Overjet Caries
    Assist Software (Version 1.0) (K222746) in terms of safety, effectiveness, and
   performance.


                                     Better Diagnostics AI Corp, 510(k) submission                                    Page 15 of 15