Ever Fortune.AI, Co., Ltd.
Dr. Ti-Hao Wang
Chief Technology Officer
8F. No. 360, Sec.1 Jingmao Rd., Beitun Dist.
Taichung City, 406040
                                                           December 6, 2024Taiwan

Re: K241923
    Trade/Device Name: EFAI Neurosuite CT Midline Shift Assessment System (MLS-CT-100)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: June 21, 2024
    Received: November 18, 2024

Dear Dr. Ti-Hao Wang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241923 - Dr. Ti-Hao Wang                                                           Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241923 - Dr. Ti-Hao Wang                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241923
Device Name
EFAI NEUROSUITE CT MIDLINE SHIFT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (MLS-CT-100)
Indications for Use (Describe)
EFAI NEUROSUITE CT MIDLINE SHIFT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI MLSCT) is a software
workflow tool designed to aid in prioritizing the clinical assessment of non-contrast head CT cases
with features suggestive of midline shift (MLS) in individuals aged 18 years and above. EFAl MLSCT
analyzes cases using deep learning algorithms to identify suspected MLS findings. It makes caselevel output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage.
EFAI MLSCT is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other
than MLS. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making
nor is it intended to rule out MLS or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT studies.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K241923

                           510(k) Summary

1.    General Information

510(k) Sponsor                Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
Address                            8F., No.360, Sec. 1, Jingmao Rd.,
                               Beitun Dist.,
                              Taichung City 406040,
                             Taiwan
Applicant                      Joseph Chang
Contact Information           886-04-23213838 #216
                                joseph.chang@everfortune.ai
Correspondence Person        Ti-Hao Wang
Contact Information           886-04-23213838 #168
                          thothwang@gmail.com
                                tihao.wang@everfortune.ai
Date Prepared                November, 2024


2.    Proposed Device
Proprietary Name            EFAI  NEUROSUITE  CT  MIDLINE  SHIFT ASSESSMENT
                     SYSTEM (MLS-CT-100)
Common Name              EFAI MLSCT
Classification Name             Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code            QAS
Regulatory Class                    II


3.    Predicate Device
Proprietary Name           qER
Premarket Notification        K200921
Classification Name             Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code            QAS
Regulatory Class                    II


EFAI MLSCT Traditional 510(k)
                                          1

4.    Device Description

EFAI NEUROSUITE CT MIDLINE SHIFT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI MLSCT) is a
radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software system. The software uses deep
learning techniques to automatically analyze non-contrast head CTs and alerts the PACS/RIS
workstation once images with features suggestive of MLS are identified.

Through the use of EFAI MLSCT, a radiologist is able to review studies with features suggestive
of MLS earlier than in standard of care workflow.

The device is intended to provide a passive notification through the PACS/workstation to the
radiologists indicating the existence of a case that may potentially benefit from the prioritization.
It does not mark, highlight, or direct users’ attention to a specific location on the original
non-contrast head CT. The device aims to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical
images only.


5.    Intended Use / Indications for Use

EFAI NEUROSUITE CT MIDLINE SHIFT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI MLSCT) is a
software workflow tool designed to aid in prioritizing the clinical assessment of non-contrast
head CT cases with features suggestive of midline shift (MLS) in individuals aged 18 years and
above. EFAI MLSCT analyzes cases using deep learning algorithms to identify suspected MLS
findings. It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or
triage.

EFAI MLSCT is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies
other than MLS.  Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making nor is it intended to rule out MLS or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of
CT studies.


6.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device


                                                                   Predicate Device:
      Feature/               Proposed Device:
                                                          qER
     Function               EFAI MLSCT
                                                                  (K200921)

                  EFAI NEUROSUITE CT MIDLINE  qER is a radiological computer aided
     Intended
                 SHIFT  ASSESSMENT  SYSTEM   triage   and   notification   software
   Use/Indication
                   (EFAI  MLSCT)    is   a   software   indicated  for use  in the analysis of
       for Use
                    workflow  tool  designed  to  aid  in   non-contrast head CT images.

EFAI MLSCT Traditional 510(k)
                                          2

prioritizing the clinical assessment of  The  device   is  intended  to  assist
                       non-contrast  head CT  cases  with   hospital networks and trained medical
                        features  suggestive of midline  shift   specialists  in  workflow  triage  by
                 (MLS) in individuals aged 18 years   flagging   the   following  suspected
                    and above. EFAI MLSCT analyzes   positive  findings  of  pathologies  in
                      cases using deep learning algorithms  head   CT    images:    intracranial
                        to identify suspected MLS findings. It   hemorrhage, mass effect, midline
                   makes case-level output available to a   shift and cranial fracture.
                    PACS/workstation     for    worklist  qER  uses  an  artificial  intelligence
                         prioritization or triage.                  algorithm  to  analyze  images on  a
                                                             standalone cloud-based application in
                  EFAI MLSCT is not intended to direct   parallel to the ongoing standard of care
                        attention  to  specific portions of an  image  interpretation.  The  user   is
                   image  or  to  anomalies  other  than   presented with notifications for cases
                MLS. Its results are not intended to be  with suspected findings.
                     used on a stand-alone basis for clinical   Notifications  include  non-diagnostic
                     decision-making nor is it intended to  preview images  that  are meant  for
                        rule out MLS or otherwise preclude   informational  purposes   only.  The
                          clinical assessment of CT studies.       device  does  not  alter  the  original
                                                          medical image and is not intended to
                                                       be used as a diagnostic device.
                                                  The results of the device are intended
                                                                   to be used in conjunction with other
                                                                   patient  information  and  based  on
                                                                professional judgment, to assist with
                                                                       triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                               Notified clinicians are responsible for
                                                         viewing full images per the standard of
                                                                    care.

    Classification/
                   21 CFR 892.2080/QAS              21 CFR 892.2080/QAS
   Product Code

    Anatomical
                  Head                            Head
  region of interest


  Data acquisition
                 Non contrast CT scan of the head      Non contrast CT scan of the head
       protocol


                    No; device does not mark, highlight,      No; device does not mark, highlight,
  Segmentation of   or  direct  users’  attention  to  a       or   direct  users’  attention  to  a
  region of interest   specific  location  in  the  original       specific  location  in  the  original
                      image.                                 image.


     Algorithm       Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with   Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with
                       database of images.                      database of images.


EFAI MLSCT Traditional 510(k)
                                          3

Yes, with midline  shift as the only   Yes, with controls for the user to select
     Notification/     output, there are no controls for the   the finding or combination of findings
    Prioritization     user   to   select   the   finding   or   for triage
                     combination of findings for triage
                                                               Presentation of a preview of the study
                                                                   for  initial assessment not meant for
                                                                diagnostic   purposes.  The   device
   Preview images  No
                                                               operates in parallel with the standard
                                                               of  care, which remains  the  default
                                                             option for all cases.

    Alteration of
                No                           No
    original image


  Removal of cases
   from worklist   No                           No
       queue


                                                       Four       findings:       Intracranial   Abnormalities
                        finding: midline shift                  haemorrhage,  Mass  effect,  midline
       triaged
                                                                             shift, cranial fracture and ICH

                                                              Triages  non-contrast CT scan when
                                                      any  of  the  4  abnormalities  are
                      Triages  non-contrast CT scan only
                                                                      identified.
  User control over  when midline shift is identified. No
                                                                  Notification/  prioritization with user
        triage         user control for configuring the triage
                                                           provided control  for configuring the
                        finding.
                                                                     triage  finding  or  combination  of
                                                                  finding(s)
                                                         Performs  de-identification of studies
       Device
                   deployed only on-premise            on-premise and pushes them  to the    Deployment
                                                           cloud module for analysis.


7.    Performance Data

Performance of the EFAI MLSCT has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and validation
testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance with IEC
62304:2006/A1:2016 - Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, in addition to
the FDA Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket Submissions  for Device Software
Functions” and “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
of Premarket Submissions.”

Ever Fortune.AI conducted a retrospective, blinded, multisite clinical validation study with the
proposed device EFAI MLSCT with a pre-determined primary and secondary endpoint and

EFAI MLSCT Traditional 510(k)
                                          4

performance goals to evaluate the performance of the EFAI MLSCT in identifying midline shift
(MLS) from non-contrast head computed tomography (CT) scans on a validation dataset of 300
cases (102 positives and 198 negatives) consecutively collected from multiple clinical sites
across the United States (U.S.). Each case included only one CT study. None of the cases was
used as part of the EFAI MLSCT model development or analytical validation testing, as the U.S.
cases were solely collected for this study, while the model development and validation utilized
cases from Taiwan.

The study population contained 51.67% females and 48.33% males, and the mean age of cases
was 59.46 years. The CT scanner manufacturers of images were acquired from Siemens,
Toshiba, GE Medical Systems, Philips, and Canon Medical Systems. Potential confounding
cases  in  the  dataset include  artifact, poor patient position issue, intracranial hemorrhage,
ischemic-stroke and related features, space-occupying lesions, and others.

The presence of MLS in each case was determined independently by three U.S. board-certified
radiologists, and the reference standard (ground truth) was generated by the majority agreement
between the three experts. The performance acceptance criteria were set such that the lower
bounds of 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of both sensitivity and specificity should exceed 0.8.

The observed results of the standalone performance validation study demonstrated that EFAI
MLSCT by  itself, in the absence of any interaction with a clinician, can provide case-level
notifications with features suggestive of MLS with satisfactory results. The EFAI MLSCT was
able to demonstrate sensitivity and specificity of 0.961 (95% CI=0.903-0.985) and 0.955 (95%
CI=0.916-0.973) respectively, along with an AUROC of 0.983 (95% CI=0.967-0.996), which is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device (qER, K200921). The secondary endpoint of the
observed system processing time per study is 62.04 seconds (95% CI=60.65-63.44) on average
and was significantly less than the pre-specified performance goal.

In addition, the results of the subgroup analysis, which included different genders, age groups,
race or ethnicity groups, CT manufacturer groups, and CT slice thickness groups, demonstrated
that EFAI MLSCT consistently performed high performance, underscoring its reliability and
effectiveness across diverse subgroups. We also evaluated the device's performance in cases with
image quality issues (including artifact and poor patient position issue) and radiologic findings
(including  intracranial  hemorrhage,  ischemic-stroke and  related  features, space-occupying
lesions, and others) to assess the impact of these potential confounders. The device consistently
performed reliably across these circumstances. Furthermore, our analysis of the device's ability
to  identify mild  to severe  levels of MLS, revealed  that EFAI MLSCT maintains stable
performance. In conclusion, the results demonstrate that the EFAI MLSCT device is determined
to be substantially equivalent in safety and effectiveness to the predicate device.


EFAI MLSCT Traditional 510(k)
                                          5

was

as

S

—™ EVER
F@RTUNE. AI
8. Safety & Effectiveness
EFAI MLSCT has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with ISO
14971:2019 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices. The EFAI
MLSCT performance has been validated using retrospective data from case data and through the
use of Reader comparison analysis.
9. Substantial Equivalence
The EFAI MLSCT has minor differences compared to the predicate device. These differences are
related to the Intended Use, user control for triage configuration and inclusion of preview images
in notifications.
The indications for use statement for the subject device is substantially similar to the cleared
indications for Qure Ai’s qER device. The overall effect of both the subject and predicate
devices—namely, the workflow triaging of CT images by flagging suspected findings of
pathologies in head CT images—remains the same. Although the subject device is intended to
flag midline shift only without user control for configuring the triage finding, whereas the
predicate flags mass effect, midline shift, cranial fractures, and ICH with user control for
configuring the triage finding or combination of findings, this difference does not raise new
questions of safety or effectiveness.
Both the subject and predicate devices use an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images
and highlight cases with detected pathologies, alongside the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The subject device provides notifications for cases with suspected findings
without preview images, whereas the predicate provides notifications that include preview
images for informational purposes only, not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.
Since clinicians can and should view the original CT before making a final determination on a
case, with or without the sent preview images, the differences in notification outputs do not
introduce new risks. Thus, the proposed device does not raise new questions of safety or efficacy,
as the risks and technology used by both devices are the same and are mitigated similarly.
The predicate devices can be deployed either on client premises (on-premise) or on cloud servers
(on-cloud). For on-cloud mode, an on-premise gateway interfaces with HIPAA-compliant cloud
servers. The subject device, however, is exclusively deployed on-premise and does not interface
with cloud servers, thereby no new risks or safety issues arise.
10. Conclusion
Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, the EFAI MLSCT raises no
new questions of safety and effectiveness and demonstrates substantial equivalence to the
predicate device.
EFAI MLSCT Traditional 510(k)
6