July 11, 2024

Subtle Medical, Inc.
℅ Jared Seehafer
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd #120
South San Francisco, California 94080

Re: K241329
    Trade/Device Name: SubtleSYNTH (1.x)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LNH
    Dated: May 9, 2024
    Received: May 10, 2024

Dear Jared Seehafer:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241329 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
~~~~~
  Submission Number (if known)I
   K241329
  Device Name
  I SubtleSYNTH (1.x)

  Indications for Use (Describe)
  SubtleSYNTH is a software as a medical device consisting of a software machine learning algorithm
   that synthesizes a SynthSTIR contrast image of a case from T1-weighted and T2-weighted spine
  MR images.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
             IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                           ''.An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K241329

510(k) Summary


Table 1. Contact Details & Device Name

 Date Summary Prepared:           2024-07-09

 Contact Details

 Applicant Name:                    Subtle Medical, Inc.

 Applicant Address:               883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205
                               Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States

 Applicant Contact:               Ms. Ronny Elor

 Applicant Contact Telephone:       (650) 397-8709

 Applicant Contact Email:           ronny@subtlemedical.com

 Correspondent Name:            Enzyme Corporation

 Correspondent Address:           611 Gateway Blvd, Ste 120
                                   South San Francisco, CA 94080 United States

 Correspondent Contact:            Mr. Jared Seehafer

 Correspondent Contact Telephone:  (415) 638-9554

 Correspondent Contact Email:     jared@enzyme.com

 Device Name

 Device Trade Name:              SubtleSYNTH (1.x)

 Common Name:                   Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:              Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Regulation Number:               892.2050

 Product Code:                QIH

 Additional Product Codes:       LNH

 Device Class:                        Class II

 Legally Marketed Predicate          Predicate #: K201616
 Device:                               Predicate Trade Name: SyMRI
                                        Predicate Manufacturer: SyntheticMR AB

K241329

Device Description Summary
      The SubtleSYNTH device is a software as a medical device consisting of a machine
       learning software algorithm that synthesizes a SynthSTIR contrast image of a case from
      T1-weighted and T2-weighted MR images. It is a post-processing software that does not
        directly interact with the MR scanner. Once a MR scan is acquired, a technologist sends
       the study from the scanner to a compatible medical device data system (MDDS) via the
     DICOM protocol. The compatible MDDS, then, makes the images available to
      SubtleSYNTH for processing.

      SubtleSYNTH uses a convolutional neural network-based algorithm to synthesize an
      image with desired contrast weighting from other, previously obtained sequences such as
      T1- and T2-weighted images. The image processing can be performed on MRI images
       with predefined or specific acquisition protocol settings.

      The SynthSTIR image is created by SubtleSYNTH and sent back to the picture archiving
      and communication system (PACS) or other DICOM node by the compatible MDDS for
        clinical review.

      Because the software runs in the background, it has no user interface. It is intended to be
       used by radiologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital.

       Note, depending on the functionality of the compatible MDDS, SubtleSYNTH can be
       used within the facility’s network or remotely. The SubtleSYNTH device itself is not
      networked and therefore does not increase the cybersecurity risk of its users. Users are
       provided cybersecurity recommendations in labeling.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
      SubtleSYNTH is a software as a medical device consisting of a software machine
       learning algorithm that synthesizes a SynthSTIR contrast image of a case from
      T1-weighted and T2-weighted spine MR images.

Intended Use / Indications for Use Comparison
      SubtleSYNTH and SyMRI are both intended to generate contrasts from input data from
     MRI imaging systems. SubtleSYNTH generates only one contrast (SynthSTIR) while
     SyMRI generates multiple. SubtleSYNTH is indicated for spine, SyMRI is indicated for
        brain. Neither of these changes however reflect a different intended use.

Technological Comparison
      SubtleSYNTH and its predicate device are both used for synthesizing contrasts. Though
        there are technological differences between the algorithm of SubtleSYNTH and that of

K241329

      SyMRI, they do not raise different questions of safety or efficacy. SubtleSYNTH uses
       nonlinear filtering, i.e., convolutional neural network based filtering, for image
       enhancement. SyMRI utilizes a multi-delay, multi-echo acquisition (MDME). The data
       acquired is processed using a technique to generate multiple image contrasts
       simultaneously, such as T1, T2, PD and Inversion Recovery (IR) weighted images
        (including: T1-FLAIR, T2-FLAIR, STIR, Double IR and PSIR weighted images). SyMRI
       generates all the different image contrasts from the same acquisition, leading to enhanced
      image slice registration, owing to the absence of inter-acquisition patient movement.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions
       In addition to software verification & validation, performance bench testing was
       conducted to demonstrate safety and efficacy of applying SubtleSYNTH to generate
      SynthSTIR images using a convolutional neural network on clinically acquired STIR
       images.

      To evaluate the performance of the software, Subtle quantitatively evaluated the 80
       acquired studies recruited from clinical sites or hospitals. The acquired studies include
      Sag T1w, Sag T2w, and Sag STIR images from a wide range of sites, age range,
       manufacturers, scanner modes, and magnitude field strengths. Subjects ranged from 16 to
      89 years old, and subject sex consisted of 40 females, 36 males, and 4 unknown sex. Due
        to data anonymization steps, ethnicity of the dataset is unknown. Studies were acquired
      on GE, Fonar, Philips, Siemens, and Toshiba MRI scanners; 42 series were with 1.5T
       scanners, 35 series were with 3T scanners, and one of each were acquired with 0.3T,
       0.6T, and 1.0T scanners. There were 8 cord lesions, 20 degenerative diseases, 10
        infections, 15 non-cord lesions, 17 trauma, and 10 normal series; these categories were
       assigned to collected images by an in-house radiologist. Data was sourced from
       populations in California, USA, and New York, USA. The data was used to assess the
       interchangeability of the SynthSTIR against the acquired STIR using Root Mean Square
       Error (RMSE), pairwise tissue contrast heatmap among the tissues, and a full
      Bland-Altman analysis to perform the analysis.

      For each STIR (either from acquired STIR or SubtleSYNTH), multiple ROIs are drawn
      from five main tissues (Bone, Disc, CSF, Spinal Cord, and Fat). ROIs are randomly
       selected under each region. Specifically, 4 ROI were labeled with no overlaps. For each
         pair, only one case should be labeled where the ROI can be copied to the other image
       with relevant metrics on the case. The ROI is designed to estimate the intensity value for
       each tissue.

     Two interchangeability studies were designed and performed to demonstrate
       interchangeability of SynthSTIR images against acquired STIR images by having

K241329

radiologists classify them into primary categories as well as secondary categories. The
primary categories are (1) Degenerative, (2) Infection, (3) Trauma, (4) Cord Lesion, (5)
Non-cord lesion, (6) Vascular, (7) Hemorrhage, and (8) Normal. In both studies, readers
saw half SynthSTIR images and half acquired STIR images in the first session, had at
least a one month washout period, and then saw the other half of both modalities in the
second session.

In Study A, readers were presented with either a SynthSTIR or an acquired STIR only. In
Study B, readers were presented with either a SynthSTIR or an acquired STIR and all
other sequences that were acquired per the source’s protocol (additional sequences and
orientations were based on availability of the data, but had at least two different
orientations). Study A and Study B had at least 4 readers each. Each study had the same
104 cases to review (12 cases per category with an even distribution in the subcategories,
except for Trauma which had 20 cases). These cases were selected from 269 cases
gathered to ensure that the cases had a variety of MRI scanners, field strengths, subject
ages, and even distribution of sexes. Subject ages ranged from 1 to 89 years old, and
subject sex consists of 51 females and 53 males. Due to data anonymization steps,
ethnicity of the dataset is unknown. The cases were acquired on GE, Hitachi, Philips,
Siemens, and Toshiba MRI scanners; 6 cases were with 0.3T scanners, 56 cases were
with 1.5T scanners, and 42 cases were with 3T scanners. For Study B, all cases had at
least non-synthetic Sag T1w, Sag T2w, and Sag STIR images, and had additional images
based on availability such as non-synthetic Ax T1w, Ax T2w, Ax T2 FLAIR, Cor T1w,
and Cor T2w. There were 12 cord lesions, 12 degenerative disease, 12 hemorrhage, 12
infection, 12 non-cord lesions, 12 normal, 12 vascular, and 20 trauma; these categories
were assigned to collected images by an in-house radiologist. Data was sourced from
populations in California, USA, and New York, USA. Note that although each clinical
case was assigned a primary disease category, most cases have more than one condition,
which could confound the results due to readers having different opinions on which
condition is primary in an image. This was handled by providing readers
recommendations on how to prioritize conditions when more than one is present, and
asking readers to classify secondary categories in addition to the primary one.

Imaging data in the bench study and interchangeability studies was not used in the
training of SubtleSYNTH. Subtle Medical maintains dataset repositories of training
datasets and testing datasets to review and ensure that training data is not used for testing.
The SubtleSYNTH training dataset consists of 424 cases of Sag T1w, Sag T2w, and Sag
STIR images from a variety of MRI scanners, field strengths, subject ages, and even
distribution of sexes. Subject ages ranged from 14 to 89 years old, and subject sex
consisted of 193 females, 176 males, and 55 unknown sex. Due to data anonymization
steps, ethnicity of the dataset is unknown. The cases were acquired on GE, Hitachi,

K241329

Philips, and Siemens scanners; 1 case was with 0.7T scanner, 6 cases were with 1.2T
scanners, 2 cases were with 1T scanners, 254 cases were with 1.5T scanners, 1 case was
with 2T scanner, and 160 cases were with 3T scanners. Data was sourced from
populations throughout the USA.

Due to privacy practices, ethnicities of the training and testing data is unknown but can
be inferred based on the population demographics from where they were sourced. The
population demographics of data sources used for training and testing are as follows per
the Census.gov July 2022 Estimates. In California, USA, the population of 39m people
are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White alone 70.7%, Black or African
American alone 6.5%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1.7%, Asian alone
16.3%, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.5%, Two or More
Race 4.3%, Hispanic or Latino 40.3%, and White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 34.7%.
In New York, USA, the population of 20m people are distributed by race and hispanic
origin as: White alone 68.6%, Black or African American alone 17.7%, American Indian
and Alaskan Native alone 1%, Asian alone 9.6%, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific
Islander alone, percent 0.1%, Two or More Race 2.8%, Hispanic or Latino 19.7%, and
White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 54.2%. In the overall USA, the population of 333m
people are distributed by race and hispanic origin as: White alone 75.5%, Black or
African American alone 13.6%, American Indian and Alaskan Native alone 1.3%, Asian
alone 6.3%, Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islander alone, percent 0.3%, Two or
More Race 3%, Hispanic or Latino 19.1%, White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 58.9%.

In the bench study, the Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) between the reference STIR and
the SynthSTIR was determined to be 0.39 in normalized intensity units for all 80 cases
The heatmap of the contrast tissue ratio indicates that SynthSTIR maintained the
consistent relative contrasts pattern with the STIR for MR scanned cases (which are from
multiple sites, vendors, magnetic field strength, etc). Further, the cosine similarity matrix
showed all elements above 0.9. For each tissue’s Bland-Altman, the bias (the mean
intensity difference between the SynthSTIR and acquired STIR) samples are randomly
distributed near the zero lines without any increasing or decreasing trend for the
difference when the normalized intensity value increases. Further, the 99% confidence
interval analysis implies that there is no significant bias between the SynthSTIR and MR
scanned STIR in terms of the normalized pixel value from the tissues (Bone, Disc, CSF,
Spinal Cord, and Fat). These results prove that SynthSTIR is interchangeable with the
acquired STIR in terms of the normalized pixel value from the main tissues (Bone, Disc,
CSF, Spinal Cord, and Fat).

In the two interchangeability studies, the Primary Endpoint was that SynthSTIR images
are interchangeable with acquired STIR images. Study A and Study B were successful if

K241329

the interchangeability between acquired STIR and SynthSTIR images is not significantly
greater than 10%. Each study was evaluated overall and sub-analyses were performed
within each Primary Category and scanner vendor groups.

As estimated by a Generalized Linear Mixed Model (GLMM), Study A demonstrated
interchangeability of 2.12% (95% CI [-1.31%, 5.88%]). Using a bootstrap approach also
resulted in the null being rejected with an interchangeability estimate of 2.17% (95% CI
[-0.25%; 4.87%]). The strong alignment of the two methods in the point and 95% CI
increases confidence in the conclusion that there is interchangeability between
SynthSTIR and traditional STIR images.

As estimated by a GLMM, Study B had an interchangeability of 0.63% (95% CI [-4.19%,
5.9%]) and from a bootstrap 0.64% (95% CI [-3.34%; 4.50%]). Again, the confidence
intervals from both the bootstrap procedure and taken directly from the GLMM model
are in close agreement with each other.

Both studies met the primary endpoint, and it was concluded that SynthSTIR images are
interchangeable with traditional acquired STIR images. In the sub-analyses, the primary
endpoint was met for all Primary Categories and all scanner vendors in both Study A and
Study B.

These results demonstrate that SubtleSYNTH is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.