February 26, 2025

Fovia, Inc.
Paula Brown
Head of Regulatory
P.O. Box 1858
Ross, California 94957


Re: K241546
    Trade/Device Name:  aiCockpit AI Viewer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: January 24, 2025
    Received: January 24, 2025

Dear Paula Brown:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241546 - Paula Brown                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241546 - Paula Brown                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241546                                                           I
Device Name
 aiCockpit Al Viewer

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Al Viewer is software for clinical review intended for use in General Radiology and other healthcare
 imaging applications.

 Al Viewer is intended to be used with off the shelf computing devices. Al Viewer supports major
 desktop browsers such as Microsoft Edge, Chrome, Safari.

 Al Viewer can display annotations and measurements as an overlay on images from DICOM
 objects, and from Al software. The viewer can perform 3D Multi-Planar Reformatting (MPR), 3D
 Maximum Intensity Projection (MIP) and 3D Volume Rendering (VR). Al Viewer is purposed to aid in
 reviewing findings through its ability to display clinical documents and reports side by side with the
 images.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) #:  K241546                                                      Prepared on: 2025-01-24                       510(k) Summary
IContact Details                                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
 Applicant Name                         I Fovia, Inc.
 Applicant Address                     I P.O. Box 1858 Ross CA 94957 United States

 Applicant Contact Telephone   415-328-3358

 Applicant Contact                     I Ms. Paula Brown

 Applicant Contact Email        paula.brown@fovia.com
 Device Name                                                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)

 Device Trade Name            aiCockpit Al Viewer

 Common Name                Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name           System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Regulation Number           1892.2050
 Product Code(s)                                                                                                                 I LLZ
        Marketed Predicate Devices                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)ILegally
 Predicate              Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code
  K222476             Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer                 7LLZ
IDevice Description Summary                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 Al Viewer is a stand-alone software as medical device (Stand-alone SaMD) for clinicians able to use web browsers at client stations to
 view DICOM image data. It is intended to provide image and related information to render and interact with Al findings and annotations
 from Lung Nodule detection Al algorithms, but it does not directly generate any potential findings or diagnosis.

 Al Viewer allows trained medical professionals to perform 2D, MPR & 3D image manipulations using the Adjustment Tools, including
 window level, rotate, flip, pan, stack scroll, and magnify. Al Viewer is also capable of organizing all the images and presenting them in a
  zero-footprint, web user interface, allowing the users to view images in their preferred layout.

 Al Viewer allows trained medical professionals to perform interactions with the Al Findings such as accept/reject/edit. Editing tools
  include selecting descriptive features for findings as well as allowing the physician to control editing quantifiable measurements first
 computed by Al such as lengths and volumes.

 Al Viewer supports major desktop browsers such as Microsoft Edge, Chrome, Safari.

 Intended Use/Indications for Use                                 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
[ Al Viewer is software for clinical review intended for use in General Radiology and other healthcare imaging applications.

 Al Viewer is intended to be used with off the shelf computing devices. Al Viewer supports major desktop browsers such as Microsoft
  Edge, Chrome, Safari.

 Al Viewer can display annotations and measurements as an overlay on images from DICOM objects, and from Al software. The viewer

can perform 3D Multi-Planar Reformatting (MPR), 3D Maximum Intensity Projection (MIP) and 3D Volume Rendering (VR). Al Viewer is
 purposed to aid in reviewing findings through its ability to display clinical documents and reports side by side with the images.
IIndications for Use Comparison                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

 The indications for use are the same

 Technological Comparison                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

 The Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer is the predicate device for the Fovia Al Viewer. The two devices are substantially equivalent as they
  both provide the same functionality and possess the same technological characteristics.

 From a high-level overview, both devices can "display annotations and measurements as an overlay on images from DICOM objects, and
  from Al software" (providing the same functionality) and both devices are based on the same architecture of "Server-based software
  solution that displays images and reports from a PACS using a zero-footprint application (browser)" (using the same technological
  characteristics).

 From a more detailed level:
   1. Both devices are intended for use in Radiology
  2. Both devices are zero-footprint web-based JavaScript applications supporting common desktop browsers (e.g., Edge, Chrome, Safari)
  3. Both devices display DICOM images
  4. Both devices allow common image viewing tools such as Pan, Zoom, Window/Level, Rotate, & Scroll/Page
  5. Both devices display annotations and measurement results from Al algorithms
  6. Both devices allow the physician to control the editing and adjustment of the Al results (annotations and measurements)
  7. Both devices provide flexible layout preferences

 The only difference between the two devices is that Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer provides more functionality than the Fovia Al
  Viewer - it could also be described as Fovia Al Viewer being a subset of the Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer. For example:

  1. Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer supports images in a long list of -ology's (including radiology), while the Fovia Al Viewer is intended
  to be used only in radiology.
  2. Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer supports both Desktop Browser and Mobile environments while Fovia Al Viewer supports only
 Desktop Browser environments.
  3. Ramsoft OmegaAl Image Viewer can be "used for image manipulation by radiology technologists (as well as radiologists for its other
  functionality)" while the Fovia Al Viewer is intended to be used by radiologists (for the same functionality at Ramsoft OmegaAl Image
  Viewer and not by radiology technologists at all).

 Conclusion:
 The comparison of the Subject Device with the predicate device shows that the aiCockpit Al Viewer software has similar functionality,
  intended use and technological characteristics as the predicate device. Based on the comparison to the predicate and the performance
  testing conducted, the Subject Device is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

 Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)

  Software Validation and Verification Testing Summary

 The performance data provided in the form of test cases as well as verification & validation test reports conducted on the Al Viewer
  include the following:

 The verifications of features were performed by members of the QA team. The verification of the product Al Viewer has been performed
  with the following steps

  * Full regression tests have been executed on the build with the implementations of all features. The purpose of this test phase is to
 uncover as much as possible all the potential bugs that could be detected by QA's test scripts.
  * Bug fix verification for reported issues and regression test on related features
  * End-to-end full tests have been executed on the candidate build for the release to verify all functionalities and fixes.

  NotApplicable

Software Verification and Validation Testing was conducted, and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA's Guidance for
Industry and FDA Staff, "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices" and "Content
of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices." In conclusion, the subject device is considered
substantially equivalent to the predicate device