November 5, 2024
TeraRecon, Inc.
Alexis Ferrier
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
4309 Emperor Boulevard, Suite 310
Durham, North Carolina 27703


Re: K241312
    Trade/Device Name: TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR (1.0.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: October 10, 2024
    Received: October 10, 2024

Dear Alexis Ferrier:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241312 - Alexis Ferrier                                                              Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241312 - Alexis Ferrier                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241312
Device Name
TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR (1.0.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)
This medical device is intended to segment Cardiac chambers as anatomical structures on contrast
or non-contrast MR scans of adult patients that undergo Cardiac MR procedures. The algorithm is
not specific to any gender or ethnic group or clinical conditions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

4309 Emperor Boulevard, Suite 310 | Durham, NC 27703
                                                              Tel 650.372.1100 Fax 650.372.1101
                                                  www.terarecon.com | info@terarecon.com

Tuesday, November 5, 2024                               K241312

TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR 510(k) Summary


Applicant Name: TeraRecon, Inc.
Applicant Address: 4309 Emperor Boulevard, Suite 310 Durham, NC 27703 United States
Applicant Contact Telephone: 650.372.1100
Applicant Contact: Ms. Alexis Ferrier
Applicant Contact Email: aferrier@terarecon.com

Device Name: TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR (1.0.0)
Common Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Classification Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Regulation Number: 892.2050
Product Code (s): QIH

Predicate Device: Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc., cvi42 Auto Imaging Software
Application, K213998
Predicate Device Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Predicate Device Product Code: QIH, LLZ
This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

Device Description Summary:
The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR algorithm is comprised of two components:
1. The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR for Cine-ax
2. The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR De-ax

1: The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR for Cine-ax
The TeraReconCardiac.Chambers.MR algorithm for Cine-ax is an image processing software
device that can be deployed as a containerized application (e.g.,Docker container).

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR algorithm for Cine-ax automatically detects and
identifies the heart location and derives left ventricular (LV) and right ventricular (RV)
myocardium segmentation on DICOM-compliant cardiovascular MR images of different
cardiac imaging sequences.

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR for Cine-ax algorithm performs a segmentation (or
tracing) around the epicardial border as well as the endocardial border wall. For the RV the
algorithm segments the endocardial border wall.

2: The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR for De-ax
The TeraReconCardiac.Chambers.MR algorithm for De-ax is an image processing software
device that can be deployed as a containerized application (e.g.,Docker container).

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR algorithm for De-ax automatically detects and
identifies the heart location and derives left ventricular (LV) myocardium segmentation on
DICOM-compliant cardiovascular MR images of different cardiac imaging sequences.

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR for De-ax algorithm performs a segmentation (or
tracing) around the
epicardial border as well as the endocardial border wall.


Intended Use/ Indications for Use:
This medical device is intended to segment Cardiac chambers as anatomical structures on
contrast or non-contrast MR scans of adult patients that undergo Cardiac MR procedures.
The algorithm is not specific to any gender or ethnic group or clinical conditions.

Indications for Use Comparison:
Indications for Use (Subject Device) TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR

Intended Use:
TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR automatically segments cardiac chambers inner and outer
walls of the left ventricle and inner wall of the right ventricle. The input files for the device are
contrast or non-contrast images acquired via DICOM compliant MR imaging devices. The
outputs are DICOM files that may be utilized by other DICOM-compliant systems and results,
such as TeraRecon’s Intuition system or other image viewing systems like PACS.

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR Algorithm results are designed for use by trained
healthcare professionals and are intended to assist the physician in diagnosis or treatment
planning. The physician is responsible for making all final patient management decisions.

Indications for Use:
This medical device is intended to segment Cardiac chambers as anatomical structures on
contrast or non-contrast MR scans of adult patients that undergo Cardiac MR procedures.
The algorithm is not specific to any gender or ethnic group or clinical conditions.

Indications for Use (Predicate Device) - cvi42 Auto Imaging Software Application, K213998

cvi42 Auto is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and quantitative
evaluation of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) and computed tomography (CT)
images in a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.

It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in qualitative assessment of cardiac images and
quantitative measurements of the heart and adjacent vessels; perform calcium scoring; and
to confirm the presence or absence of physician-identified lesion in blood vessels.

The target population for cvi42 Auto's manual workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42
Auto's semi-automated machine learning algorithms are intended for an adult population.

cvi42 Auto shall be used only for cardiac images acquired from an MR or CT scanner. It shall
be used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating
cardiovascular MR or CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part
of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.

Comparison of the Indications for Use:
The differences between the two indications for use statements do not undermine the
substantial equivalence as the differences are summarized as additional functionality offered
by the predicate device in comparison to the subject device. These differences do not raise
different safety and effectiveness questions in the subject device. The similarities in the two


                                  2

indications for use show the same technology, supervised deep learning based algorithms
for segmentation of cardiac anatomical structures from Magnetic Resonance (MR) DICOM
images acquired from adult patients.


Technological Comparison:
The technology utilized by both the subject and predicate device to provide segmentation of
cardiac anatomical structures is the same as both devices utilize supervised deep learning
algorithms.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR device underwent a retrospective cohort study where
ground truth was established and compared to the output of the device as described below:

The validation ground truth data set (cohort) was comprised of 100 adult patients, 50 for the
Cine-ax algorithm and 50 for the De-ax algorithm.

Cine-ax algorithm
The validation ground truth data set (cohort) of 50 adult patients for the Cine-ax algorithm
met the following inclusion/exclusion criteria: 1) Patients must be 18 years or older, must have
magnetic resonance scan 4D multiphase balance gradient echo (GRE) covering the heart
with a GE, Philips or Siemens scanner, and 2) the data set should be with our without
contract enhancement, with a scan orientation of the LV short axis, ECG-gating and breath
sync. The matrix size should be [125:512]x [125:512], with a slice thickness of [6:10] mm and
interslice gap of [0:2] mm. Any data that contained artifacts including, wrapping, ghosting
(such as motion, respiratory, and flow), chemical shifts, dark rim, phase, radio frequency
interference, slow flow, metal, 3T inherent artifacts (higher magnet strength artifacts) or any
other cause that makes the sequence unsuitable to support the diagnosis was removed from
the validation dataset.

It is ensured that patient data received for training of the algorithm is from different sites
than the validation data utilized for this study. Three MR equipment manufacturers are
included in this cohort to show generalizability. The three vendors were selected based on
the market share data. The market research data has shown coverage of 74% of scanners in
US with these three manufacturers- GE, Siemens, and Philips . 82% of the studies came from
United States, the rest of 18% came from Europe which has close to similar patient
demographics as the United States population.

All collected datasets were reviewed by a board certified radiologist practicing in the United
States with experience in reviewing cMR studies. The radiologists evaluated whether each
cMR scan met the inclusion/exclusion criteria, and if the study did not meet the inclusion
exclusion criteria then the study was replaced.

The next phase of the study was to collect and compare the TeraRecon
Cardiac.Chambers.MR cine-ax algorithm output to the created ground truth as described
below.

For each dataset, the LV Myocardium DICE score, LV chamber DICE score, RV Chamber DICE
score was recorded for the subject device vs. ground truth.

De-ax algorithm


                                  3

The validation ground truth data set (cohort) of 50 adult patients for the De-ax algorithm met
the following inclusion/exclusion criteria: 1) Patients must be 18 years or older, must have
magnetic resonance scan 3D multi-slice IR single phase covering the heart with a GE, Philips
or Siemens scanner, and 2) the data set should be with a scan orientation of the LV short axis,
ECG-gating and breath sync. The matrix size should be [125:512]x [125:512], with a slice
thickness of [6:10] mm and interslice gap of [0:2] mm. Any data that contained burned
images with the wrong inversion time, no contrast or that contained artifacts including,
wrapping, ghosting (such as motion, respiratory, and flow), chemical shifts, dark rim, phase
encoded, radio frequency interference, slow flow, metal, 3T inherent artifacts (higher magnet
strength artifacts) or any other cause that makes the sequence unsuitable to support the
diagnosis was removed from the validation dataset.

It is ensured that patient data received for training of the algorithm is from different sites
than the validation data utilized for this study. Three MR equipment manufacturers are
included in this cohort to show generalizability. The three vendors were selected based on
the market share data. The market research data has shown coverage of 74% of scanners in
US with these three manufacturers- GE, Siemens, and Philips . 82% of the studies came from
United States, the rest of 18% came from Europe which has close to similar patient
demographics as the United States population.

All collected datasets were reviewed by a board certified radiologist practicing in the United
States with experience in reviewing cMR studies. The radiologists evaluated whether each
cMR scan met the inclusion/exclusion criteria, and if the study did not meet the inclusion
exclusion criteria then the study was replaced.

The next phase of the study was to collect and compare the TeraRecon
Cardiac.Chambers.MR de-ax algorithm output to the created ground truth as described
below.

For each dataset, we will derive the left ventricle chamber (LV) and left ventricle myocardium
(MYO). The LV is defined as the voxels within the left ventricle endocardium. The left
ventricle MYO is defined as the voxels between the endocardium and epicardium. We will
record LV segmentation DICE score MYO segmentation DICE score for subject device vs each
of the ground truths. Our acceptance criteria for LV and MYO independently was based on
literature review of cardiac MRI left ventricle segmentation accuracy.


Completion of the evaluation study showed that TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR device
passed the established acceptance criteria for both algorithms based on the following
results:


The results of the Cine-ax algorithm showed the LV Myocardium mean DICE scores for were
within the acceptance criteria at 0.82 (0.81,0.83) and within the 95% confidence interval (CI).
The results indicated the LV Chambers mean DICE Scores were within the acceptance
criteria and were at or greater than 0.90 (0.89, 0.91) within the 95% confidence interval, , and
the mean DICE Score for RV Chamber was 0.84 (0.82, 0.85) and thus within the 95%
confidence interval and passing the DICE limit score. When broken down by gender (M/F),
age (<41Y, 41-60Y, >60Y), pathology (Y/N, and Ventricular hypertrophy, Heart failure) and
Modality (GE, Philips, Siemens), contrast vs. no-contrast, and magnetic field strength, the LV
Myocardium, LV Chamber and RV Chamber DICE scores still are above the respective
thresholds set in the clinical validation protocol and the 95% confidence interval were again
entirely above the threshold margins. Therefore, the algorithm not only passes the


                             4

acceptance criteria delineated in the Clinical Validation Plan Document in aggregate, but the
DICE score is higher than the prescribed threshold for each gender, manufacturer, clinical
site, contrast and magnetic field strength.


The results of the De-ax algorithm showed the LV myocardium mean DICE scores were
within the acceptance criteria at 0.79 (0.75, 0.83), and the LV Chamber mean DICE scores
were within the acceptance criteria at 0.88 (0.84, 0.92). When broken down by gender (M/F),
age (<41Y, 41-60Y, >60Y), pathology (Y/N, and Ventricular hypertrophy, Heart failure) and
Modality (GE, Philips, Siemens), and magnetic field strength, the LV Myocardium, and LV
Chamber DICE scores .results were within the 95% confidence interval and entirely above
threshold margins set in the Clinical Evaluation Protocol. Therefore, the algorithm not only
passes the acceptance criteria delineated in the Clinical Validation Plan Document in
aggregate, but the DICE score is higher than the prescribed threshold for each
manufacturer, clinical site and gender.

The TeraRecon Cardiac.Chambers.MR device is as safe, as effective as the predicate device.


                                  5