June 14, 2024

Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.
℅ Kelliann Payne
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K241083
    Trade/Device Name: SIS System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: April 19, 2024
    Received: April 19, 2024

Dear Kelliann Payne:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241083 - Kelliann Payne                                                              Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K241083 - Kelliann Payne                                                              Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241083                                                           I
Device Name
 SIS System

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SIS System is intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of medical imaging,
 including different modules for image processing, image fusion, and intraoperative functional
 planning where the 3D output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery or other devices
 for further processing, visualization and localization. The device can be used in conjunction with
 other clinical methods as an aid in visualization and location of the subthalamic nuclei (STN), globus
 pallidus externa and interna (GPe and GPi, respectively) and the ventral intermediate nucleus (Vim)
  in neurological procedures.

 The system is indicated for surgical procedures in which anatomical structure locations are identified
  in images, including Deep Brain Stimulation Lead Placement.

 Typical users of the SIS Software are medical professionals, including but not limited to surgeons,
 neurologists and radiologists.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K241083


                                     510(k) SUMMARY

                      Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.’s SIS System

Submitter’s Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person and Date Prepared

        Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.
      5201 Eden Avenue, Suite 300
       Edina, Minnesota, 55436
       Contact Person: Ann Quinlan-Smith
      Phone: 612-325-0187
        E-mail: ann.quinlan.smith@surgicalis.com

Date Prepared: April 19, 2024

Trade Name of Device: SIS System

Classification Name

       Primary:   Automated Radiological Image Processing Software (Product Code: QIH; 21
                 C.F.R 892.2050)

       Secondary: System, Image Processing, Radiological (Product Code: LLZ; 21 C.F.R 892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Predicate Device: Surgical Information Sciences SIS Software version 6.0.0 (K230977)

Intended Use / Indications for Use

      SIS System is intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of medical
       imaging, including different modules for image processing, image fusion, and intraoperative
        functional planning where the 3D output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery
        or other devices for further processing, visualization and localization. The device can be used
         in conjunction with other clinical methods as an aid in visualization and location of the
       subthalamic nuclei (STN), globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe and GPi, respectively)
      and the ventral intermediate nucleus (Vim) in neurological procedures.

      The system is indicated for surgical procedures in which anatomical structure locations are
         identified in images, including Deep Brain Stimulation Lead Placement.

        Typical users of the SIS Software are medical professionals, including but not limited to
       surgeons, neurologists and radiologists.

Technological Characteristics

      The SIS System is a software only device based on machine learning and image processing.
      The device is designed to enhance standard clinical images for the visualization of structures
         in the basal ganglia and thalamus areas of the brain, specifically the subthalamic nucleus
       (STN), globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe/GPi), and ventral intermediate nucleus (Vim).
      The output of the SIS system supplements the information available through standard clinical
      methods by providing additional, adjunctive information to surgeons, neurologists, and
        radiologists for use in viewing brain structures for planning stereotactic surgical procedures
      and planning of lead output.

The SIS System provides a patient-specific, 3D anatomical model of specific brain structures
      based on the patient’s own clinical MR image using pre-trained deep learning neural network
       models. The model training method incorporates ultra-high resolution 7T (7 Tesla) Magnetic
      Resonance (MR) images to determine ground truth for the training dataset, which is comprised
        of clinical (1.5T and 3T) MR images. These pre-trained deep learning neural network models
       are then applied to a patient’s clinical image to predict the shape and position of the patient’s
        specific brain structures of interest. SIS System is further able to locate and identify implanted
        leads, where implanted, visible in post-operative CT images and place them in relation to the
        brain structure of interest from the preoperative processing.

      The proposed device is a modification to the SIS System version 6.0.0 that was cleared under
      K230977. The primary change is the addition of new brain structures to prediction – Vim is
      now supported based on pre-trained deep learning neural network models.

Performance Data

       Software testing was conducted to ensure that the SIS System functions as specified and
       performs similarly to the predicate device using the same acceptance criteria and the same
        test designs as used for the previously cleared predicate device.

        Visualization accuracy testing was performed to clinically validate the new device feature for
        visualization of the Vim. A series of images from clinical subjects were collected. Subjects
      were scanned with both clinical MRI (1.5T or 3T), High Field (7T) MRI and DiMANI (a novel
      and simple Diffusion MRI datasets method that only depends on the raw signal of the diffusionweighted volumes) on which the Vim was manually segmented (as ground truth). None of the
      images from this pivotal validation set were part of the company’s database for algorithm
       development and none were used to optimize or design the SIS’s software. This pivotal
        validation data set was separate from the data set that was used for development. The
       software development was frozen and labeled before testing on this validation set.

       Three measurements were used to compare the SIS visualization via SIS System and ground
         truth Vim (manually segmented on the DiMANI images): (1) Center of mass distance; (2) Mean
       surface distance; and (3) Dice coefficient values. For the Vim visualizations, study results
      showed that 90% of the center of mass distances and mean surface distances were below
      1.83mm and 0.86mm, respectively. 95.6% of the center of mass distances and 100% of the
       surface distances were not greater than 2.00mm. In addition, the mean Dice coefficient in this
       dataset was 0.7. Thus, the study met the pre-specified criteria of 90% of center of mass
       distances and surface distances not greater than 2.00mm and average dice coefficient greater
        or equal to 0.6.

      The results of this testing demonstrated that the SIS System has been fully verified and
        validated to perform as specified, and the subject device is as safe and effective for its intended
      use as the predicate device.

Substantial Equivalence

In summary, the company’s SIS System has the same intended use as the previously cleared SIS
System 6.0.0. In addition, the subject SIS System has the same indications and similar technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicates.  Although there are minor differences
between the SIS System and its predicate device, those differences do not raise new or different
questions of safety or efficacy. Thus, the SIS System is substantially equivalent.