Circle Cardiovascular Imaging
℅ Kyle Mayr
Director – Regulatory Affairs & Quality Management Systems
Suite 1100 - 800 5th Ave SW
Calgary, AB T2P 3T6
CANADA

Re: K241038                                                          June 7, 2024
    Trade/Device Name: Cardiac CT Function Software Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: April 15, 2024
    Received: April 16, 2024

Dear Kyle Mayr:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

K241038 - Kyle Mayr                                                                 Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK241038
Device Name
 Cardiac CT Function Software Application

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The Cardiac CT Function Software Application is indicated to be used with multi-phase, multi-slice
 cardiovascular CT angiography images to assist qualified medical professionals in assessing and
 evaluating cardiac function. CT Function includes manual and semi-automatic heart segmentation of
 2 chambers (LV and RV) and calculation of cardiac function metrics including end diastolic volume,
 end systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction, cardiac output, cardiac index, and LV
 myocardial mass.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   F Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
Address:                   Suite 1100 – 800 5th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 3T6
Date Prepared:           June 5th, 2024
Telephone Number:       +1 587 686-0787
Contact Person :          Kyle Mayr
Email:                     kyle.mayr@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

510(k):                 K241038
Name of the Device:       Cardiac CT Function Software Application
Short Brand Name:      CT Function Module
Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Proposed Classification:   Device Class: II
                           Product Code: QIH, LLZ
                           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICE

The  predicate  device  is  Vitrea CT  Multi-Chamber  Cardiac  Functional  Analysis  (CFA)
manufactured by Vital Images, Inc. and cleared under K141302.

The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 1 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary

    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Circle’s Cardiac CT Function Software Application (“CT Function Module” or “CT Function”, for
short) is a software device that enables the analysis of cardiac images acquired using computed
tomography (CT) scanners. It is designed to support physicians in the visualization, evaluation,
and analysis of heart function through the calculation of parameters such as volume and mass.
The device is intended to be used as an aid to the existing standard of care and does not replace
existing software applications that physicians use. The CT Function Module does not interface
directly with any data collection equipment, and its functionality is dependent on the type of vendor
acquisition equipment. The analysis results are available on-screen or can be saved for future
review.

CT Function consists of multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) views and 3D rendering of the original
CT data. The module displays three MPR views that the user can freely adjust to any position and
orientation. Lines and regions of interest (ROIs) can be manually drawn on these MPR images
for quantitative measurements.

The CT Function Module implements an  Artificial Intelligence  / Machine Learning (AI/ML)
algorithm to detect and segment heart structures and post-processing methods to convert the
heart segments to editable surfaces. All surfaces generated by the system are editable and users
are advised to verify and correct any errors; if desired, users can also perform segmentation of
the cardiac structures manually using surface contour generation tools.

The device allows users to perform the measurements listed in Table 1.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 2 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary


                    Table 1. Measurements in CT Function. “*” indicates the measurement is available in the LV only.
                               Note that measurement may also be indexed to patient BSA or height.

Measurement [units]                 Description                                       Display
End Diastolic Volume (EDV) [mL]      LV/RV cavity volume at the phase defined as the ED.       •  On Screen Data Panel
                                                                                                  •  CT Function Report

End Systolic Volume (ESV) [mL]      LV/RV blood volume at the phase defined as the ES.        •  On Screen Data Panel
                                                                                                  •  CT Function Report

Stroke Volume (SV) [mL]            The volume of blood pumped out of the LV/RV during       •  On Screen Data Panel
                                 each cardiac contraction; represented by the                •  CT Function Report
                                         differences of EDV and ESV.
Ejection Fraction (EF) [%]             Percentage of the total amount of blood in the LV/RV        •  On Screen Data Panel
                                           that is pumped out in each cardiac cycle; calculated         •  CT Function Report
                                  by dividing the SV by EDV.
Cardiac Output (CO) [L/min]          The amount of blood pumped by the heart in a              •  On Screen Data Panel
                                       minute; calculated by multiplying the SV and heart          •  CT Function Report
                                             rate.
Cardiac Index (CI) [L/min/m2]         An indexed hemodynamic parameter that relates the        •  On Screen Data Panel
                        CO in one minute to body-surface area (calculated          •  CT Function Report
                                    from gender, height, and weight); obtained by dividing
                                       the CO by BSA.
End Diastolic Mass (EDM)* [g]        LV myocardial mass at the phase defined as the ED;        •  On Screen Data Panel
                                        calculated by multiplying the myocardial volume in ED       •  CT Function Report
                                 phase with myocardial density (1.05 g/mL).
End Systolic Mass (ESM)* [g]        LV myocardial mass at the phase defined as the ES;        •  CT Function Report
                                        calculated by multiplying the myocardial volume in ES
                                 phase with myocardial density (1.05 g/mL).
End Diastolic and End Systolic Mass   Mean LV myocardial mass; calculated as the average       •  CT Function Report
(EDESM)* [g]                             of the LV EDM and LV ESM.


           Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 3 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary


   V.    INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

Intended Use

The Cardiac CT Function Software Application  is intended for qualitative and quantitative
evaluation of cardiovascular CT images in a DICOM Standard format, to calculate and display
cardiac function metrics (e.g. end diastolic volume, end systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection
fraction, cardiac output, cardiac index, and LV myocardial mass).


Indications for Use

The Cardiac CT Function Software Application is indicated to be used with multi-phase, multislice cardiovascular CT angiography images to assist qualified medical professionals in assessing
and evaluating cardiac  function. CT Function includes manual and semi-automatic heart
segmentation of 2 chambers (LV and RV) and calculation of cardiac function metrics including
end diastolic volume, end systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction, cardiac output, cardiac
index, and LV myocardial mass.


    VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

The detailed analysis of the subject device and the predicate device (shown in Table 2 and Table
3) demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent in indications for use / intended
use, technological characteristics, functionality, and operating principles with the predicate
(K141302). Of the three characteristics (technical, biological, and  clinical) required for the
demonstration of equivalence, biological characteristics are not applicable since both the subject
device and predicate device are software as a medical device applications with no tangible
component interfacing with the body.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 4 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary


                                                           Table 2. Intended use and indications comparison.
                    Subject Device                                                         Predicate Device
               CT Function Module (K241038)                                                  Vitrea CT Multi-Chamber CFA (K141302)
                    Manufactured by Circle                                                  Manufactured by Vital Images
Intended Use       The Cardiac CT Function Software Application is intended for qualitative and   The Vitrea CT Multi-Chamber CFA option is intended to be used with CT studies
                        quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular CT images in a DICOM Standard       of the heart to assist cardiologists and radiologists in assessing function when
                       format, to calculate and display cardiac function metrics (e.g., end diastolic      producing a cardiac evaluation. The CT Multi-Chamber CFA option includes
                    volume, end systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction, cardiac output,    semi-automatic heart segmentation including three chambers (left ventricle, right
                      cardiac index, and LV myocardial mass).                                            ventricle, and left atrium) segmentation, including identification of long axis and
                                                                                                                 mitral valve boundaries across multiple phases; calculation of global metrics,Indications for Use   The Cardiac CT Function Software Application is indicated to be used with                                                                                                         including end diastolic volume, end systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection                      multi-phase, multi-slice cardiovascular CT angiography images to assist                                                                                                                    fraction, cardiac output, cardiac index, stroke index, and myocardial mass; and                         qualified medical professionals in assessing and evaluating cardiac function.                                                                                                           calculation of regional metrics; including wall motion, percentage of wall
               CT Function includes manual and semi-automatic heart segmentation of 2                                                                                                          thickening, regional ejection fraction, and polar plots.
                   chambers (LV and RV) and calculation of cardiac function metrics including
                  end diastolic volume, end systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction,
                      cardiac output, cardiac index, and LV myocardial mass.


                             Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 5 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary


                                                  Table 3. Regulatory and technological features comparison.
Feature                       Subject Device                                                        Predicate Device
                        CT Function Module (K241038)                                                 Vitrea CT Multi-Chamber CFA (K141302)
                               Manufactured by Circle                                                 Manufactured by Vital Images
Device Class                                   II                                                                                                                             II
Product Code(s)                QIH, LLZ                                                      LLZ
Regulation Name                Medical image management and processing system                            Picture Archiving and Communications System
Regulation Number             21 CFR 892.2050                                                 21 CFR 892.2050
DICOM Compliant?            Yes                                                           Yes
Input Data Type                   Multi-phase, multi-slice cardiac CT angiography images                        Multi-phase, multi-slice cardiac CT angiography images
                                (vendor independent)
Multi-chamber semi-automatic     Semi-automatic determination of epicardial and endocardial contours, via      Semi-automatic determination of epicardial and endocardial
segmentation                   segmentation of the LV cavity, LV myocardium, and RV cavity in the ED and    contours, via segmentation of LV chamber and myocardium, RV
                        ES phases using Machine Learning techniques.                           chamber, and LA chamber.
Tools                              •   Provides manual contour editing tools if adjustments are needed           •   Provides image editing tools if adjustments are needed
                                   •   Default views automatically aligned to contours to aid typical image        •   Visualization presets and automated steps for typical image
                                     review process                                                           review procedures
                                   •   Report                                                                  •   Report
Views                             •  2D image viewing with real-time Window/Level, Zoom, and Pan            •  2D image viewing with real-time Window/Level, Zoom, and Pan
                                   •  3D and Multi-Planar Reformatting (MPR) view                             •  3D and Multi-Planar Reformatting (MPR) view
                                   •   Automatic industry standard oblique views of the heart (SAX, 2            •  Maximum Intensity Projection
                                  chamber, and 4 chamber)                                                •   Automatic industry standard Oblique views of the heart
                                   •   Volume Rendering                                                       •   Volume Rendering
                                   •   Phase Navigator                                                         •   Phase Navigator
                                   •   Review Heart in Motion                                                  •   Review Heart in Motion
Identification of cardiac phases     •   Automatic determination of ED and ES phases by volume                 •   Automatic determination of ED and ES phases by volume
and landmarks in loaded DICOM   •   Manually select/correct ED                                               •   Provides ability to select Diastolic phase
datasets                           •   Manually select/correct ES                                               •   Provides ability to select Systolic phase
                                   •   Automatically identifies/orients to long axis view across multiple phases    •   Automatically identifies the long axis across multiple phases
                                   •   Automatically identifies/orients basal cut plane close to the mitral valve     •   Automatically identifies the plane of the Mitral valve

Automated calculation and         •   End Diastolic Volume (EDV)                                             •   End Diastolic Volume (EDV)
display of cardiac parameters      •   End Systolic Volume (ESV)                                              •   End Systolic Volume (ESV)
                                   •   Stroke Volume (SV)                                                     •   Stroke Volume (SV)
                                   •   Ejection Fraction (EF)                                                    •   Stroke Index (SI)
                                   •   Cardiac Output (CO)                                                     •   Ejection Fraction (EF)
                                   •   Myocardial Mass (EDM, ESM, EDESM) [in the LV Only]                   •   Cardiac Output (CO)

                            Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 6 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary


Feature                       Subject Device                                                        Predicate Device
                        CT Function Module (K241038)                                                 Vitrea CT Multi-Chamber CFA (K141302)
                               Manufactured by Circle                                                 Manufactured by Vital Images
                                   •   Cardiac Index (CI)                                                       •   Myocardial Mass
                                                                                                                •   Wall Motion
                                                                                                                •   Percent Wall Thickening
                                                                                                                •   Myocardial Volume (MV)
                                                                                                                •   Myocardial Index
                                                                                                                •   Myocardial Mass Index
                                                                                                                •   Regional Ejection Fraction (EF)
                                                                                                                •   Outputs a Polar Map
                                                                                                                •   Time/Volume Graph
                                                                                                                •   Cardiac Index (CI)
                                                                                                                •   Regurgitation Fraction
                                                                                                                •   Cyclic Volume Change
                                                                                                                •   Reservoir Volume
Operating System                 Microsoft Windows                                                            Microsoft Windows
                               Apple macOS


                            Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 7 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary

    VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in
accordance with ISO 13485:2016, IEC 62304:2015, ISO 14971:2019, and DICOM standards.

Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and performance of
the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of
Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device Premarket Submission”. No clinical studies were
necessary to support substantial equivalence.

CT Function Module has been tested according to the specifications that are documented in a
Master Software Test Plan. Testing is an integral part of Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.’s
software development as described in the company’s product development process.

Validation of Machine Learning Derived Outputs
The Machine Learning (ML) algorithms of CT Function Module have been trained and tested on
images acquired from major vendors of CT imaging devices. All data used for validation were not
used during the development of the ML algorithms. Image information for  all samples was
anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers. The validation data was sourced from 9
different sites, with 90% of the data sampled from US sources. All performance testing results
met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.

For cardiac CT function analysis, the acceptance criteria were pre-defined to evaluate the
performance of the ML-based segmentation of Left Ventricle (LV) cavity, LV myocardium, and
Right Ventricle (RV) cavity. The mean volume prediction error (Mean Absolute Error in predicted
volumetric measures, or MAE), 3D Hausdorff Distance (HD), and Dice coefficient were used to
evaluate the performance of the segmentation. Overall, comparable performance was achieved
on all variability factors including scanner vendors, scanner tube current, pixel resolution, slice
thickness, age group, and gender.

Compared to a reference standard established from three expert readers, the ML-based model
is capable of segmenting the LV cavity with less than 10% difference in MAE, a Dice coefficient
above 86%, a HD below 9.5 mm, and an EF bias of 1.3% with a 95% confidence interval of [-12,
14]. Similarly, the RV cavity is segmented with less than 18% MAE, a Dice coefficient above
85%, a HD below 18 mm, and an EF bias of -5.5% with a 95% confidence interval of [-15, 4.4].
Lastly, the LV myocardium is segmented with less than 17% MAE, a Dice coefficient above
82%, and a HD below 15 mm.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 8 of 9

CT Function Module 510(k) Summary

     VIII.  CONCLUSION

The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and
predicate device comparison, support the safety and effectiveness of the CT Function Module as
compared to the predicate device when used for the defined intended use.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 9 of 9