Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004
                                                                               July 12, 2024

Re: K241727
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase-Triage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: June 14, 2024
    Received: June 14, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241727 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK241727
Device Name
 BriefCase-Triage

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Briefcase-Triage  is a radiological computer- aided triage and notification software indicated for use
  in the analysis of CTPA images, in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device
  is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow
 triage by flagging and communicating suspected positive cases of Pulmonary Embolism (PE)
 pathologies.

 Briefcase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
 detected findings in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is
 presented with notifications for cases with suspected PE findings. Notifications include compressed
 preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
 beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be
 used as a diagnostic device.

 The results of Briefcase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
 and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
 Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
     N  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       HOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      92 Yigal Alon St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LL.M

      Date Prepared:        July 11, 2024

Name of Device:             Briefcase-Triage

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 CFR 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   Briefcase-Triage (PE triage, K222277)


Device Description

Briefcase-Triage is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.
The software  is based on an algorithm programmed component and  is intended to run on a
linux-based server in a cloud environment.

The Briefcase-Triage receives  filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically by
running the algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. Following the AI processing, the
output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review software (desktop application).
When a suspected case is detected, the user receives a pop-up notification and is presented with a
compressed, low-quality, grayscale image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use, for prioritization
only” which is displayed as a preview function. This preview is meant for informational purposes only,
does  not  contain any  marking  of  the  findings, and  is  not intended  for primary  diagnosis
beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates efficient triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

The algorithm was trained during software development on images of the pathology. As is customary
in the  field of machine learning, deep learning algorithm development consisted of training on


                                                                             1

manually labeled (“tagged”) images. In that process, critical findings were tagged in all CTs in the
training data set.


Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of CTPA images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage
by  flagging and  communication  of  suspected  positive cases  of Pulmonary Embolism (PE)
pathologies.

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is
presented with notifications for cases with suspected PE findings. Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject Briefcase-Triage for PE and the algorithm analysis module for the primary predicate
Briefcase-Triage for PE (K222277) are identical in most aspects and differ with respect to their
algorithm performance, due to training the subject device on a larger data set and additional
operating points have been added to the pivotal study endpoints . In addition, the SW architecture
was changed to separate the image communication platform from the Briefcase-Triage SW. The
subject device consists of only the algorithm analysis module which can be integrated with image
communication platforms that meet the Briefcase-Triage input and output requirements.

Both  the primary  predicate and  subject devices are  radiological computer-aided  triage and
notification software programs. Both devices are  artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms
incorporated in software packages for use with DICOM compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology
workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the
same design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. Both devices are intended to
provide the specialists with notifications and unannotated, compressed, low-quality, and grayscale
preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate Briefcase-Triage devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate triage of findings within the processed study. It is important to note that,
like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading
queue nor de-prioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing the key features of the subject and the


                                                                             2

primary predicate devices is provided below.


                            Table 1. Key Feature Comparison


                          Predicate Device                      Subject Device

                  Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for PE         Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for PE
                            (K222277)

 Intended Use /   BriefCase is a radiological computer     Briefcase-Triage is a radiological
 Indications for    aided triage and notification software    computer- aided triage and notification
 Use              indicated for use in the analysis of       software indicated for use in the analysis
             CTPA images in adults or transitional    of CTPA images, in adults or transitional
                  adolescents aged 18 and older. The     adolescents aged 18 and older. The
                  device is intended to assist hospital     device is intended to assist hospital
                 networks and appropriately trained      networks and appropriately trained
                  medical specialists in workflow triage    medical specialists in workflow triage by
                by flagging and communication of        flagging and communicating suspected
                 suspected positive findings of            positive cases of Pulmonary Embolism
                Pulmonary Embolism (PE)             (PE) pathologies.
                   pathologies.
                                                           Briefcase-Triage uses an artificial
                                                                intelligence algorithm to analyze images
                  BriefCase uses an artificial                                                and highlight cases with detected findings
                     intelligence algorithm to analyze                                                                     in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
                images and highlight cases with                                                 image interpretation. The user is
                  detected findings on a standalone                                                      presented with notifications for cases with
                 desktop application in parallel to the                                                     suspected findings. Notifications include
                 ongoing standard of care image                                                 compressed preview images that are
                     interpretation. The user is presented                                                meant for informational purposes only,
                   with notifications for cases with                                                and not intended for diagnostic use
                 suspected PE findings. Notifications                                                 beyond notification. The device does not
                   include compressed preview images                                                                     alter the original medical image and is not
                     that are meant for informational                                                        intended to be used as a diagnostic
                 purposes only and not intended for                                                           device.
                   diagnostic use beyond notification.
               The device does not alter the original   The results of Briefcase-Triage are
                  medical image and is not intended to    intended to be used in conjunction with
                be used as a diagnostic device.         other patient information and based on
                                                                     their professional judgment, to assist with
                                                                     triage/prioritization of medical images.
               The results of BriefCase are intended
                                                               Notified clinicians are responsible for
                     to be used in conjunction with other
                                                        viewing full images per the standard of
                    patient information and based on their
                                                            care.
                   professional judgment, to assist with
                      triage/prioritization of medical images.
                    Notified clinicians are responsible for


                                                                             3

Predicate Device                      Subject Device

                 Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for PE         Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for PE
                           (K222277)

                 viewing full images per the standard of
                  care.


User                  Hospital networks and appropriately     Hospital networks and appropriately
population                  trained medical specialists               trained medical specialists

Anatomical      Chest                              Chest
region of
interest

Data         CTPA                        CTPA
acquisition
protocol

Notification-onl   Yes                              Yes
y (/notification
alerts), parallel
workflow tool

Images       DICOM                      DICOM

format

Interference     No. No cases are removed from        No. No cases are removed from
with standard                desktop app or deprioritized            desktop app or deprioritized
workflow


Inclusion/          Inclusion criteria                         Inclusion criteria

Exclusion     ●   CTPA protocols.               ●  CTPA protocols.
criteria for            ●    Single Energy or Dual Energy      ●   Single Energy or Dual Energy exams
clinical                 exams                                            ●   Performed on CT scanners with 64
performance
            ●   Performed on CT scanners with          or greater number of detectors
testing
                  64 or greater number of detectors                                            ●   Scans performed on
            ●   Scans performed on                        adults/transitional adults ≥ 18 years
                        adults/transitional adults ≥ 18              of age
                    years of age                                            ●    Slice thickness; 0.5 mm to 3.0 mm
            ●    Slice thickness; 0.5 mm to 3.0 mm        axial slices
                        axial slices


                                                                            4

Predicate Device                      Subject Device

                  Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for PE         Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for PE
                            (K222277)

                  Exclusion Criteria                       Exclusion Criteria

               ●  All studies that are technically        ●   All studies that are technically
                      inadequate, including studies with          inadequate, including studies with
                     motion artifacts, severe metal              motion artifacts, severe metal
                           artifacts, sub-optimal bolus timing             artifacts, sub-optimal bolus timing
                       or an inadequate field of view.               or an inadequate field of view.

 Algorithm           Artificial intelligence algorithm with         Artificial intelligence algorithm with
                 database of images.                  database of images.

 Structure            -  AHS module ( image acquisition);     - Integrated with image routing module via
                                                 image communication platform (ICP)                         -  ACS module (image processing);
                                                     (image acquisition).
                         -   Aidoc Desktop Application for
                                                                              -  Algorithm module (image processing)                     workflow integration
                       (Feed/Worklist (alternate names)      -  Integrated with desktop application for
                   and non-diagnostic Image             workflow integration (feed and
                       Viewer).                               non-diagnostic Image Viewer).


Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the Briefcase-Triage software to
evaluate the software’s performance in identifying CTPA images containing Pulmonary Embolism
(PE) in 499 cases from 6 US-based clinical sites, compared to the ground truth as determined by
three senior board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct
in time or center from the cases used to train the algorithm, as was used for the most recent
clearance (K222277).  Test  pivotal study data was sequestered from  algorithm development
activities, and use of the data is managed by appropriate Quality Management System procedure s.

Primary endpoints were  sensitivity and  specificity with an 80% performance goal. Secondary
endpoints were Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 94.39% (95% CI:
90.41%, 97.07%) and Specificity was 94.39% (95% CI: 91.04%, 96.67%).


                                                                             5

Secondary Endpoint

In  addition,  the  time-to-notification  metric observed  for  the  Briefcase-Triage  software, when
integrated with a compatible image communication platform, was compared to the equivalent metric
of the predicate devices. The Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification includes the time to get the
DICOM exam, de-identify  it, upload  it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive
suspect case back to the desktop application.

The Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the Briefcase-Triage device) and is given in Table 2 below.
The Table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate Briefcase-Triage PE.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject Briefcase-Triage device show comparability
with the primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review.  The
Briefcase-Triage mean time-to-notification for the subject PE triage was 26.42 seconds (95% CI:
25.3-27.54). The time-to-notification for the predicate PE was 78 seconds (95% CI 73.6-82.3).


        Table 2. Time-to- notification comparison for Briefcase-Triage devices (Seconds)


Time -to-notification  Mean     N   95% Lower 95% Upper   Median     IQR
                    Estimate           CL      CL

                   (seconds)

                         78.0      499       73.6        82.3        64.5         53.2
 Predicate K222277
  Processing Time


                       26.42      499       25.3       27.54       23.81       14.74
  Briefcase-Triage +
      Image
   Communication
       Platform
 Time-To-Notification


NPV was 98.96% (95% CI: 98.21%- 99.4%) and PPV was 74.79% (95% CI: 64.80%- 82.7%).
PLR was 16.81 (95% CI: 10.43- 27.09) and NLR was 0.059 (95% CI: 0.034- 0.103).

Thus, the reported  similar  time-to-notification data demonstrates  that when using the subject
Briefcase-Triage for PE the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the predicate
Briefcase-Triage for PE.

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for PE was 62.1
years, with a standard deviation of 17.3 years. Gender distribution was 48% male, and 51% female
( Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.


                                                                             6

Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age


                    Mean     Std      Min    Median   Max     N

             Age
               (Years)      62.1     17.3     18      64      90      499


                        Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender *
                                        Gender
                   Ground Truth
                                   Female     Male           All
                         Results
                           N  %   N  %   N   %

                     Positive            100 20.0% 113 22.6% 213  42.6%

                  Negative           154 30.8% 127 25.4% 281  56.2%

                        All                254 50.8% 240 48.0% 494  98.8%

                   * 5 cases were unknown for gender, 4 negative and 1 positive.
                                          * 1 case was excluded

                      Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


                               Manufacturer     N    %

                         SIEMENS       201    40.3%


                         GE          100    20.0%


                              Canon          99    19.8%


                                          Philips          99    19.8%

                                       Total          499   100%


Clinical Subgroups and Confounders:

Pathologies present in negative cases: Fully negative; Heart & vascular; Chronic Lung diseases;
Inflammatory; Trauma; Oncology and None of the above.

Additional Operating Points:


                                                                             7

In addition  to the default operating point  that was selected to maximize both sensitivity and
specificity, four additional operating points (AOP) were selected to maximize specificity or sensitivity
while maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for sensitivity and specificity
respectively:

AOP1 :
Sensitivity was 99.53% (95%  CI: 97.42%- 99.99%) and  Specificity was 86.67% (95%  CI:
82.16%-90.39%).

AOP2 :
Sensitivity was  97.66% (95%  CI: 94.63%-99.24%) and  Specificity was 91.93% (95%  CI:
88.14%-94.82%.

AOP3 : Sensitivity was 91.59% (95% CI: 87.03%- 94.94%) and Specificity was 96.49% (95% CI:
93.64%-98.3%).

AOP4 : Sensitivity was 85.98% (95% CI: 80.6%-90.34%) and Specificity was 98.25% (95% CI:
95.95%-99.43%).

In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and four additional operating points.
Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, these
data establish the achievement by the subject Briefcase-Triage of preemptive triage in the range of
several minutes.


Conclusions

The subject Briefcase-Triage for PE and the predicate Briefcase-Triage for PE (K222277) are
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected
positive findings of Pulmonary Embolism (PE) pathologies. Both devices are software packages
consisting of deep learning AI algorithms that process images and produce analysis results, which
are  displayed  to the user by a  prioritization  alert and a compressed,  low-quality, grayscale,
unannotated preview image. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for
diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original
images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images
from the standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard
interpretation of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within
the range  of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow
turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject Briefcase-Triage device for PE is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
Briefcase-Triage for PE (K222277).


                                                                             8