Ventripoint Diagnostics Ltd.
℅ Zhang Cheng
Regulatory Affairs and Quality Manager
18 Hook Ave, Unit 101
Toronto, ON M6P1T4
CANADA
                                                                   February 26, 2025
Re: K241222
    Trade/Device Name:  Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 4.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: March 6, 2024
    Received: June 3, 2024

Dear Zhang Cheng:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241222 - Zhang Cheng                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K241222 - Zhang Cheng                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K241222

Device Name
Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 4.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
The VMS+ 4.0 system is an adjunct to existing ultrasound imaging systems and is intended to record, analyze, store and
retrieve digital ultrasound images for computerized 3-dimensional image processing.

The VMS+ 4.0 system is indicated for use where Left Ventricle (LV), Right Ventricle (RV), Left Atrium (LA), and Right
Atrium (RA) volumes and ejection fractions are warranted or desired.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission


Section 5: Traditional 510(k) Summary

 Date:                 January 17, 2025

 Submitter:              Ventripoint Diagnostics Ltd.
                     18 Hook Ave, Unit 101
                       Toronto Ontario M6P 1T4
                    Canada

 Contact Person:      Aaron Zhang
                  RA/QA Manager
                       azhang@ventripoint.com
                          Tel: 416-848-4156

 Device Name           Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 4.0

 Classification:             Regulatory Class: II
                     Review Category: Tier II
                           Classification Panel: Radiology
                        Regulation Number: 892.2050
                           Classification Product Code: QIH
                      Secondary Product Code: LLZ


A. Legally Marketed Predicate Device

 Device Name           Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 3.0
 510k Number:       K191493
 Common Name:       Radiological Image Processing System
 Classification:         Regulatory Class:  II
                     Review Category: Tier II
                           Classification Panel: Radiology
                        Regulation Number: 892.2050


B. Device Description

The Ventripoint VMS+ 4.0 System  is a medical imaging device designed to assist
 clinicians in evaluating cardiac function through 3D reconstruction of heart chambers. It
uses a Knowledge-Based Reconstruction (KBR) algorithm to recreate the heart's shape
by capturing 2D ultrasound images at specific angles and referencing a database of MRI
 heart shape catalogs. The reconstructed 3D heart models are used to calculate volumes
 of any of the four chambers at end-diastolic and/or end-systolic phases. The software can
 also be installed on a separate workstation to import 3D datasets, MRI studies, and VMS+
 studies.

The system employs user-driven anatomical control point placement to generate 3D
models. Users manually adjust control points based on an anatomical template aligned
 with the patient’s ultrasound images. An edge detection algorithm refines these points to
match detected anatomical boundaries, ensuring model precision.

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission

The VMS+ system includes a hardware stand with a computer, position sensors to track
 the 3D orientation of the ultrasound transducer and patient movement, and software to
 handle image capture, landmark placement, and reconstruction. By leveraging its sensor
system and statistical shape analysis, the VMS+ transforms 2D ultrasound data into
 accurate 3D models. The workflow takes approximately 15 minutes and provides detailed
 volumetric data and reports for clinical review.

C. Indication for Use
The indications for use for the subject device are the same as the predicate device.
The VMS+ 4.0 system is an adjunct to existing ultrasound imaging systems and is intended
to record, analyze,  store and  retrieve  digital ultrasound images  for computerized  3-
dimensional image processing.

The VMS+ 4.0 system is indicated for use where Left Ventricle (LV), Right Ventricle (RV),
Left Atrium (LA), and Right Atrium (RA) volumes and ejection fractions are warranted or
desired.

D. Verification and Validation Summary

The verification and validation of the existing and new features of the VMS+ demonstrate that the
VMS+ 4.0 performs as intended, specifications conform to user needs and intended uses, and
that the requirements implemented can be consistently fulfilled.

All test reports were successful according to the acceptance criteria. The verification and
validation were performed with software versions and hardware units that are considered
equivalent to the final version of the product, as warranted by 21 CFR 820.30(g) and with the user
interface as planned for the release.


E. Technological Characteristics

The subject device, VMS+ 4.0, has similar technological characteristics as the predicate device,
VMS+ 3.0 (K191493) with regard to the intended use, indications for use, operational
environment, software, operating system, operating principle, technology, and performance.
The modifications to the hardware/software have been tested for safety and effectiveness and
have been determined to be safe and effective.


F. Performance Data


Bench Testing

Performance bench testing of the modified device was completed to verify that the modified device
was substantially equivalent in performance specifications to the previously cleared device.
Predefined acceptance criteria were applied during testing and were met. The  verification test
results demonstrate that the system software performs as intended and all requirements are met.

VMS+ 4.0
                                                               Ventripoint Medical System
                                                              Traditional 510(k) Submission

 Software Verification and Validation

 Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provides as
 recommended by FDA’s Guidance  for  Industry and FDA  Staff,  “Content  of Premarket
 Submissions for Device Software Functions.” The software for this device was considered to have
 a basic documentation level since software failures or flaws are do not present a hazardous
 situation with a probable risk of death or serious injury to anyone within the environment of use.

 The verification and validation of the existing and new features of the VMS+ 4.0 software
 demonstrate that the VMS+ 4.0 software performs as intended, specifications conform to user
 needs and intended uses, and that the requirements implemented can be consistently fulfilled.

  All test reports were successful according to the acceptance  criteria. The verification and
 validation were performed with software versions and hardware units that are considered
 equivalent to the final version of the product, as warranted by 21 CFR 820.30(g) and with the user
 interface as planned for the release.


 Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

 Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the VMS+ 4.0 device. The system complies
 with the applicable requirements of IEC 60601-1 standard for safety and essential performance
 and IEC 60601-1-2 standard for electromagnetic compatibility.


User Validation

An internal user validation study was performed to demonstrate that the modified device does not
negatively impact user performance for anatomical point processing. From 160 ultrasound images
of the right ventricle, the study estimated the proportion of images for each software where all
anatomical points within the image would be finalized, by the user, within its respective expert
consensus region. The test criteria were met, demonstrating that user performance for final point
localization using VMS+ 4.0 was at least as good as the predicate, when used by the same users
for the same imaging set. However, the study did not evaluate accuracy of the initial point placed by
the AI software, which should only be viewed as a first guess and used with caution.


Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity testing was performed as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA
Staff, “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
Submissions”. This included both internal cybersecurity validation and external penetration testing
to ensure that any existing vulnerabilities were discovered and addressed, and that the device is
cyber safe.


G. Safety and Effectiveness

VMS+ 4.0 is a non-invasive, non-significant risk technology. The modifications to the cleared VMS+
user interface, including GUI and position tracking system do not introduce new questions
concerning safety or effectiveness and is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate.

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission

H. Technological Characteristics

As shown in the device comparison below, the technological characteristics of the subject
VMS+4.0 remain the same as the previously cleared device under K191493 . The similarities and
differences do not alter the intended use of the device, nor do they affect the safety and
effectiveness of the subject device relative to the predicate. Both the subject and predicate
devices have the same intended an adjunct to existing ultrasound imaging systems and is
intended to record, analyze, store and retrieve digital ultrasound images for computerized 3-
dimensional image processing. The VMS+ 4.0 system is indicated for use where Left Ventricle
(LV), Right Ventricle (RV), Left Atrium (LA), and Right Atrium (RA) volumes and ejection fractions
are warranted or desired.

The only change in the VMS+ 4.0 software compared to the predicate is adding an additional
method for placing the first guesses for anatomical control points that are updated to a final
location manually by a user and minor hardware modification to remove magnet from the
transmitter and sensor. The automated control point first guess feature only provides an alternate
method for obtaining first guesses for the location of the control points and users are still expected
to update control point location in the same manner as the predicate before being used for further
analysis. These proposed modifications are verified to ensure overall performance remains the
same as the predicate with acceptable results.

Feature/Characteristic  Predicate Device     Subject Device        Comparison
                        Ventripoint Medical   Ventripoint Medical
                    System Plus (VMS+)  System Plus (VMS+)
                         3.0 (K191493)          4.0
Indications for Use      The VMS+ is an      The VMS+ is an       Same
                         adjunct to existing      adjunct to existing
                         ultrasound imaging     ultrasound imaging
                      systems and is        systems and is
                        intended to record,     intended to record,
                         analyze, store and      analyze, store and
                            retrieve digital           retrieve digital
                         ultrasound images for   ultrasound images for
                       computerized 3-       computerized 3-
                        dimensional image     dimensional image
                         processing.            processing.

                    The VMS+ is         The VMS+ is indicated
                          indicated for use         for use where Left
                     where Left Ventricle     Ventricle (LV), Right
                           (LV), Right Ventricle    Ventricle (RV), Left
                         (RV), Left Atrium       Atrium (LA), and Right
                           (LA), and Right         Atrium (RA) volumes
                        Atrium (RA) volumes   and ejection fractions
                     and ejection fractions   are warranted or
                        are warranted or        desired.
                          desired.
Technological Characteristics
Software based        Yes                Yes               Same
analysis tool
Knowledge-Based      Yes                Yes               Same
Reconstruction
Algorithm
3D Visualization        Generates a 3D       Generates a 3D       Same
                         surface model of the    surface model of the 4
                     4 chambers and       chambers and

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission

Feature/Characteristic  Predicate Device     Subject Device        Comparison
                        Ventripoint Medical   Ventripoint Medical
                    System Plus (VMS+)  System Plus (VMS+)
                         3.0 (K191493)          4.0
                      accompanying        accompanying volume
                      volume              measurement.
                      measurement.
Measurements           End-systolic volumes   End-systolic volumes   Same
                      (EDV, ESV), Ejection   (EDV, ESV), Ejection
                         Fractions (EF), Stroke  Fractions (EF), Stroke
                     Volumes and Cardiac  Volumes and Cardiac
                       Outputs               Outputs.


Acquisition Workflow     Executing on a         Executing on a        Same
                       computer, processes   computer, processes
                        data acquired by the    data acquired by the
                       sensor system in       sensor system in
                         conjunction with the    conjunction with the
                         output from the         output from the
                         ultrasound             ultrasound equipment,
                       equipment, to enable    to enable tracking of
                          tracking of anatomic    anatomic landmark
                       landmark points from   points from the 2D
                         the 2D images and     images and conversion
                        conversion of those     of those points into 3D
                          points into 3D data     data points.
                           points.
Points placement        Requires placement    Requires placement of  VMS+ 4.0 is equivalent
                            of anatomic           anatomic landmarks on   to VMS+ 3.0. The
                       landmarks on the 2D   the 2D images. On-     automated control point
                       images. On-screen    screen guide is               first guess placement is
                        guide is provided to     provided to user for     added to improve user
                        user for point            point placement first      workflow efficiency.
                       placement first         guesses. Alternatively,   Users must still
                       guesses. User must    automated point          modify/confirm control
                       manually adjust first    placement first guesses   point placement after
                      guess point           can be generated via a   an automated first
                       placements as         button press. User       guess.
                          required.             must manually adjust
                                                                      first guess point           Internal user validation
                     Landmarks are then    placements as            of the final location of
                     used to build an         required.                  control points using the
                        accurate 3D                                  on-screen guide versus
                         constructed shape     Landmarks are then     automated first
                   mesh (defined by      used to build an         guesses was assessed.
                            vertices, edges, and    accurate 3D               Additionally, verification
                           faces).                 constructed shape        tests were performed
                                     mesh (defined by         against doctors’ point
                                                      vertices, edges, and     placement.
                                                    faces).
                                                                    Thus, the difference
                                                               does not raise different
                                                                        questions of safety and
                                                                              effectiveness.

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission

Feature/Characteristic  Predicate Device     Subject Device        Comparison
                        Ventripoint Medical   Ventripoint Medical
                    System Plus (VMS+)  System Plus (VMS+)
                         3.0 (K191493)          4.0
Location of KBR        Knowledge-based     Knowledge-based     Same
catalogue                reconstruction located  reconstruction located
                             locally on the system,   locally on the system,
                       which accepts the 3D   which accepts the 3D
                        data points generated  data points generated
                        through the use of the  through the use of the
                           position sensor          position sensor system
                      system and provides   and provides the
                         the computation        computation engine for
                       engine for generating   generating a 3D
                     a 3D surface           surface construction of
                          construction of the      the four chambers and
                           four chambers and     accompanying volume
                      accompanying        measurement and
                      volume measurement   ejection fractions of the
                     and ejection fractions   four chambers of the
                            of the four chambers    four chambers of the
                            of the four chambers    heart, either at endof the heart, either at    diastolic and/or endend-diastolic and/or     systolic.
                           end-systolic.
Software application     Console (system) and  Console (system) and   Same
types                   Workstation            Workstation
                         (standalone)           (standalone)
Hardware data          Touchscreen for       Touchscreen for image  Same
acquisition system      image capture, a       capture, a video-input
                          video-input connector   connector to receive
                            to receive image data  image data from an
                       from an ultrasound     ultrasound machine,
                       machine, off-the-shelf   off-the-shelf real-time
                           real-time video         video capture card to
                        capture card to         receive image data
                         receive image data     from an ultrasound
                       from an ultrasound     machine, and 3D
                       machine, and 3D        positional tracking
                           positional tracking     system to receive
                      system to receive       position and orientation
                           position and            information.
                           orientation
                           information.

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission

Feature/Characteristic  Predicate Device     Subject Device        Comparison
                        Ventripoint Medical   Ventripoint Medical
                    System Plus (VMS+)  System Plus (VMS+)
                         3.0 (K191493)          4.0
3D tracking/positional    Magnetic-based; free-  Magnet-free; free-hand  VMS+ 4.0 is equivalent
system               hand scanning;         scanning; consisting of    to VMS+ 3.0 with the
                          consisting of           ultrasound transducer    only difference being
                       mechanical arm,       sensor,                    that the magnet has
                            transmitter,             transmitter/sensor on    been removed from
                         ultrasound transducer   patient, and associated   transmitter/sensor as
                         sensor, and             electronics.            an improvement. The
                        associated                              way in which the device
                           electronics.                                    operates remains the
                                                              same; both systems
                                                                      are free-hand scanning.
                                                                                 In addition, the
                                                                   performance of the new
                                                                      device is the same as
                                                                         the predicate device.
                                                                    Thus, the difference
                                                               does not raise different
                                                                        questions of safety and
                                                                              effectiveness.
Patient contacting       Surface device; intact  Surface  device;  intact  Same
components               skin; A-limited (<24h)   skin; A-limited (<24h)

3D Echo and MRI      Can import 3D echo  Can import 3D echo and  Same
functionality           and MRI studies  for  MRI     studies      for
                         volumetric analysis.     volumetric analysis.
Software controls       The software         The software         Same
                     components are       components are
                         responsible for         responsible for
                          providing the user      providing the user with
                          with controls for         controls for managing
                     managing the          the hardware operation,
                      hardware operation,    capturing ultrasound
                         capturing ultrasound    images, marking up
                       images, marking up    images with key
                      images with key        anatomical features,
                        anatomical features,    invoking the
                         invoking the            reconstruction
                          reconstruction          algorithm, displaying
                          algorithm, displaying    the resulting
                         the resulting            construction and
                          construction and       generating the
                        generating the         corresponding report.
                        corresponding report.
Power requirements     Power requirements:   Power requirements:    Same
                 AC :100V- 240V,     AC :100V- 240V,
                      Frequenzy:50-60Hz    Frequenzy:50-60Hz
Image data format        Original VMS+ and      Original VMS+ and     Same
                 DICOM format       DICOM format

VMS+ 4.0
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                             Traditional 510(k) Submission

I. Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The VMS+ 4.0 with accessories and proprietary software has been verified and validated
according to Ventripoint procedures for product design and development. The information
provided by Ventripoint in this Traditional 510(k) application supports the claim of substantial
equivalence to the predicate device (K191493) with regard to both intended use and technological
characteristics.