Aidoc Medical, Ltd.                                                 May 15, 2024
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K241112
    Trade/Device Name:  BriefCase-Quantification
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 22, 2024
    Received: April 22, 2024

Dear John J. Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241112 - John J. Smith                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241112
Device Name
BriefCase-Quantification
Indications for Use (Describe)
BriefCase-Quantification is a radiological image management and processing system software
indicated for use in the analysis of CT exams with contrast, that include the abdominal aorta, in
adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.
The device is intended to assist appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with
the maximum abdominal aortic diameter measurement of cases that include the abdominal aorta (MAbdAo). BriefCase-Quantification is indicated to evaluate normal and aneurysmal abdominal aortas
and is not intended to evaluate postoperative aortas.
The BriefCase-Quantification results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are
unofficial, are not final, and are subject to change after review by a radiologist. For final clinically
approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K241112

                                   510(K) SUMMARY

                               Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s
                                  BriefCase-Quantification

Submitter

Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
3 Aminadav St.
Tel-Aviv, Israel
6706703

Phone: +972-73-7946870

Contact Person:             Amalia Schreier, VP of Regulatory Affairs
Date Prepared:             2024-05-13


Name of Device:             BriefCase-Quantification

Common or Usual Name:    BriefCase-Quantification

Classification Name:        Medical image management and processing system

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:           QIH (21 C.F.R. 892.2050)

Primary Predicate Devices   BriefCase-Quantification (K230534)

Device Description

BriefCase-Quantification is a radiological medical image management and processing device. The
software consists of a single module based on an algorithm programmed component and is intended
to run on a linux-based server in a cloud environment.

The BriefCase-Quantification receives filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically
by running the algorithm on relevant series to measure the maximum abdominal aortic diameter.
Following the AI processing, the output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review
software (desktop application), and forwarded to user review in the PACS.

BriefCase-Quantification  produces a  preview image  annotated  with  the maximum  diameter
measurement. The diameter marking is not intended to be a final output, but serves the purpose of
visualization and measurement. The original, unmarked series remains available in the PACS as well.
The preview image presents an unofficial measurement which is not final, and the user is instructed
to review the full image and any other clinical information before making a clinical decision. The image


                                       1

includes a disclaimer: “Not for diagnostic use. The measurement is unofficial, not final, and must be
reviewed by a radiologist.”

BriefCase-Quantification is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase-Quantification  is a radiological image management and processing system software
indicated for use in the analysis of CT exams with contrast, that include the abdominal aorta, in adults
or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.

The device is intended to assist appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with
the maximum abdominal aortic diameter measurement of cases that include the abdominal aorta (MAbdAo). BriefCase-Quantification is indicated to evaluate normal and aneurysmal abdominal aortas
and is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.

The BriefCase-Quantification results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are
unofficial, are not final, and are subject to change after review by a radiologist. For final clinically
approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase-Quantification device is substantially similar to the predicate device BriefCaseQuantification (K230534). Both devices are radiological computer-aided medical image management
and processing software devices, intended to aid in measurement of radiological images.
Both devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporating software packages for
use with compliant scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both are intended to assist
appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with the maximum abdominal aortic
diameter measurement. The subject device presents key slice with the long and short axis of the aorta
in the reformatted slice with the maximum measurement, while the predicate device presents key slice
in axial format.
The main difference between the subject and predicate device is the performance, due to its training
on a larger data set, in that the subject device demonstrates improved performance over the predicate
device. With regards to the indications for use, for the predicate device the indications refer to axial
measurement of cases that include the abdominal aorta. For the subject device, measurement is
orthogonal to the blood flow, therefore the word axial was omitted from the indications for use
statement.
Both devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions. A table comparing the key
features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below:


                                       2

Table 1: Comparison between Predicate and Subject Devices
                                      Predicate Device:           Subject Device:
                                    BriefCase-Quantification                                                                BriefCase-Quantification                                        (K230534)
Indications for Use/ Intended Use   BriefCase-Quantification is a  BriefCase-Quantification is a
                                        radiological         image   radiological         image
                             management         and  management         and
                                   processing system software  processing system software
                                      indicated  for  use  in  the  indicated  for  use  in  the
                                      analysis of CT exams with  analysis of CT exams with
                                        contrast,  that  include  the   contrast,  that  include  the
                                 abdominal aorta, in adults or  abdominal aorta, in adults or
                                          transitional     adolescents   transitional     adolescents
                              aged 18 and older.          aged 18 and older.

                             The device  is intended  to  The device  is intended  to
                                        assist appropriately trained   assist appropriately trained
                                  medical    specialists   by  medical    specialists   by
                                      providing the user with the  providing the user with the
                           maximum abdominal  aortic  maximum abdominal  aortic
                                         axial diameter measurement  diameter  measurement  of
                                         of cases  that  include  the  cases   that   include   the
                                 abdominal aorta (M-AbdAo).  abdominal aorta (M-AbdAo).
                                      BriefCase-Quantification   is  BriefCase-Quantification   is
                                      indicated to evaluate normal  indicated to evaluate normal
                              and aneurysmal abdominal  and aneurysmal abdominal
                                     aortas and is not intended to  aortas and is not intended to
                                    evaluate      post-operative  evaluate      post-operative
                                       aortas.                        aortas.

                             The             BriefCase-  The             BriefCaseQuantification results are not  Quantification results are not
                                   intended to be used on a  intended to be used on a
                                    stand-alone basis for clinical  stand-alone basis for clinical
                                   decision-making          or  decision-making          or
                                    otherwise  preclude  clinical  otherwise  preclude  clinical
                                assessment of cases. These  assessment of cases. These
                               measurements         are  measurements         are
                                            unofficial, are not final, and   unofficial, are not final, and
                                   are subject to change after  are subject to change after
                                   review by a radiologist. For  review by a radiologist. For
                                              final    clinically   approved   final    clinically   approved
                                measurements, please refer  measurements, please refer
                                         to   the   official   radiology   to   the   official   radiology
                                         report.     Clinicians    are   report.     Clinicians    are
                                    responsible for viewing  full  responsible for viewing  full
                                images per the standard of  images per the standard of
                                      care.                          care.
User Population                     Appropriately        trained  Appropriately        trained
                                  medical specialists.          medical specialists.
Anatomical region of interest      Abdominal aorta            Abdominal aorta

                                      3

Predicate Device:           Subject Device:
                                    BriefCase-Quantification                                                                BriefCase-Quantification                                        (K230534)
Data acquisition protocol       CT exams with contrast that  CT exams with contrast that
                                      include the abdominal aorta   include the abdominal aorta
Diameter Measurement          Yes                     Yes
Measurement Method               Axial                       Orthogonal
Images Format               DICOM                DICOM
Interference with              No                   No
standard workflow
Preview images                    Presentation       of     a  Presentation       of     a
                                 compressed,      grayscale  compressed,      grayscale
                                  preview  image   that    is  preview  image   that    is
                                   captioned “Not for diagnostic  captioned “Not for diagnostic
                                      use”.                          use”.
Output                      Maximum abdominal  aortic  Maximum abdominal  aortic
                                   diameter with preview image  diameter with preview image
                                         that      contains      the   that      contains      the
                               measurement and key slice  measurement and key slice
                                      with the long and short axis  with the long and short axis
                                         of the aorta in the slice with   of   the   aorta    in   the
                                     the maximum measurement.  reformatted slice composed
                                                                         of   the   plane   that    is
                                                                 orthogonal to the blood flow
                                                       and not on the original axial
                                                                                 slice.
Algorithm                                   Artificial          intelligence   Artificial          intelligence
                                     algorithm with database of  algorithm with database of
                                images                    images
Structure                                      - BriefCase-Quantification is   - BriefCase-Quantification is
                                  hosted on a cloud server,  hosted on a cloud server,
                                  analyzes   applicable  CT  analyzes   applicable  CT
                                images that are forwarded to  images that are forwarded to
                                      BriefCase-Quantification.      BriefCase-Quantification.
                                                   - The results of the analysis   - The results of the analysis
                                   are  exported   in  DICOM  are  exported   in  DICOM
                                      format, and are sent to a  format, and are sent to a
                         PACS destination for review  PACS destination for review
                                by  medical  specialists,  to  by  medical  specialists,  to
                                        assist in the measurement of   assist in the measurement of
                                     the abdominal aorta.          the abdominal aorta.


                                      4

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the BriefCase-Quantification software
to evaluate the software’s performance in providing maximum diameter measurements of the
abdominal aorta in CT images in 162 cases, from 6 US-based clinical sites, both academic and
community centers, compared to the ground  truth, as determined by three US board-certified
radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time and/or center from the
cases used to train the algorithm.

Primary Endpoint

The algorithm performance showed  that the mean absolute  error between the ground  truth
measurement and algorithm was 1.52 mm (95% CI: 1.20 mm, 1.83 mm). Because the mean absolute
error estimate was below the prespecified performance goal, the study’s primary endpoint was
achieved.

The reported similar mean absolute error [the subject device: 1.52 mm (95% CI: 1.20 mm, 1.83 mm);
the predicate device: 1.95 mm (95% CI: 1.59 mm, 2.32 mm)] demonstrates comparable performance.

As can be seen in Table 2, the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for BriefCaseQuantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement was 62.8 years, with a standard deviation of 19.6
years. Gender distribution was 46.9% male, and 53.1% female (Table 3). Scanner distribution can
also be found in Table 4 below.

                            Table 2. Descriptive Statistics for Age
                    Mean     Std      Min    Median   Max     N
             Age       62.8     19.6     18.0     67.5     90.0
               (Years)                                              162

                          Table 3. Frequency Distribution of Gender
                                 Gender      N*   %

                                   Male       76   46.9%

                                 Female      86   53.1%

   * 2 cases had unknown gender defined in the DICOM metadata header and were excluded from the
                                     gender distribution


                                       5

Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer
                                   Manufacturer   N   %

                                            Philips      43   26.5%

                               Canon      41   25.3%

                                Siemens     39   24.1%

                           GE       39   24.1%

                                          Total      162  100%

Clinical Subgroups and Confounders: Preoperative abdominal aortic aneurysm, Vasculitis, penetrating
atherosclerotic ulcer, and mural thrombus, Aortic calcification/atherosclerosis, Aortic dissection,
Retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy / enlarged para-aortic nodes and None of the above.

Performance testing results for the Bland-Altman analysis is reported below:

The mean difference between the ground truth compared to the algorithm output is 0.58 mm, indicating
that there is little to no bias between the two measurements, demonstrating the study’s secondary
endpoint was achieved.

In summary, performance validation data, combined with a comparison of mean absolute error metric
with the reference device demonstrated equivalent performance.

Conclusions

The subject and predicate BriefCase-Quantification for Abdominal Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo)
devices are intended to aid in medical image management and processing of radiological images in
CT.

BriefCase-Quantification of M-AbdAo is as safe and effective as the predicate device cleared under
K230534. BriefCase-Quantification has similar intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in the
indications for use and in the technological characteristics do not alter the intended use of the device
and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. Performance data demonstrate
that the subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Thus, BriefCase-Quantification
of M-AbdAo is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared BriefCase-Quantification of M-AbdAo
device (K230534).


                                       6