GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging                             August 8th, 2024
Alexandra Lifshits
Sr. Program Manager, Regulatory Affairs
(GE Healthcare)
4 Hayozma Street
Tirat HaCarmel, WI 30200
Israel

Re: K241665
    Trade/Device Name: Omni Legend
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1200
    Regulation Name: Emission Computed Tomography System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KPS, JAK
    Dated: June 10, 2024
    Received: June 10, 2024

Dear Alexandra Lifshits:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions
of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products
may  instead  be  combination  products. The  510(k)  Premarket  Notification  Database  available  at
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm    identifies    combination    product
submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please
note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however,
that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change
to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241665 - Alexandra Lifshits                                                          Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has
made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and
regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements,
including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical
device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or
postmarketing  safety  reporting  (21 CFR  Part  4,  Subpart  B)  for  combination  products  (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A)
for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803),
please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-howreport-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information  about  labeling  regulations,  please  see  Device  Advice  (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance)         and      CDRH         Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn).  Additionally, you may  contact  the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the   DICE    website    (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Ningzhi Li -S
                                                  for
                                            Daniel Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 k1241665
Device Name
 Omni Legend

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The GE Omni Legend  is a PET/CT system for producing attenuation corrected PET images.  It is
 intended to be used by qualified health care professionals for imaging the distribution and
 localization of any positron-emitting radiopharmaceutical  in a patient, for the assessment of
 metabolic (molecular) and physiologic function in patients, with a wide range of sizes and extent of
 disease, of all ages.
 Omni Legend is intended to image the whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone, the
 gastrointestinal and lymphatic systems, and other organs. The images produced by the system may
 be used by physicians to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning, therapy guidance and monitoring,
 and in interventional radiology procedures. The images may also be used for precise functional and
 anatomical mapping (localization, registration, and fusion).
 When used with radiopharmaceuticals approved by the regulatory authority in the country of use, the
 raw and image data is an aid in; detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging, restaging,
 monitoring, and/or follow up, of abnormalities, lesions, tumors, inflammation, infection, organ
 function, disorders, and/or disease, such as, but not limited to, those in oncology, cardiology, and
 neurology.
 Examples of which are:
 Cardiology:
 * Cardiovascular disease
 * Myocardial perfusion
 * Myocardial viability
 * Cardiac inflammation
 * Coronary artery disease
 Neurology:
 * Epilepsy
 * Dementia, such as Alzheimer's disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson's disease with dementia,
 and frontotemporal dementia
 * Movement disorders, such as Parkinson's and Huntington's disease
 * Tumors
 * Inflammation
 * Cerebrovascular disease such as acute stroke, chronic and acute ischemia
 * Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
 Oncology/Cancer:
 * Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
 * Small Cell Lung Cancer
 * Breast Cancer
 * Prostate Cancer
 * Hodgkin disease
 * Non-Hodgkin lymphoma
 * Colorectal Cancer
 * Melanoma
 Omni Legend is also intended for stand-alone, diagnostic CT imaging in accordance with the stand-

I alone CT system's cleared indications for use.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
     N  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       HOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


               510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS
This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):
  Date:                    June 10, 2024
  Submitter:             GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging (GE Healthcare)
                         4 Hayozma Street
                                 Tirat Hacarmel, 30200, Israel
  Primary Contact:          Alexandra Lifshits
                                    Sr. Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
                      GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
                                  Tel: +972-4-8563666
                               Fax: +972-4-8577662
                              email: Alexandra.Lifshits@gehealthcare.com
  Secondary Contacts:       John Jaeckle
                              Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer and Strategist
                      GE Healthcare

                                  Tel: 262-424-9547
                              Email: John.Jaeckle@gehealthcare.com
  Device Trade Name:      Omni Legend
  Device Classification        Class II
  Regulation number:       21CFR 892.1200 and 21CFR 892.1750
  Product Code            KPS and JAK


  Predicate Device Information

  Device Name           Omni Legend

  Manufacturer          GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging

  510(k) number           K221932

  Regulation number       21CFR 892.1200 and 21CFR 892.1750

  Product Code            KPS and JAK


                                      1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

  Reference Device Information

  Device Name               Precision DL

  Manufacturer          GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging

  510(k) number           K223212

  Regulation Number       21CFR 892.1200

  Product Code            KPS


  Reference Device Information

  Device Name              Discovery MI

  Manufacturer          GE Medical System, L.L.C.

  510(k) number           K161574

  Regulation number       21CFR 892.1200 and 21CFR 892.1750

  Product Code            KPS and JAK

Marketed Devices
              (GEHC) proposed Omni Legend device is a modification of the predicate Omni Legend
device (K221932)
                                                                                                                                                                          ,
as well as adds the  Enhanced AC  software option for the correction of image attenuation artifacts
resulting from natural respiratory motion. The PET portion of the proposed Omni Legend uses the same
design elements that are used in its predicate device. The software of the proposed Omni Legend is
also developed from that of the predicate.

Device Description
GE HealthCare  subject Omni Legend device, same as the unmodified predicate device, is a hybrid digital
PET/CT diagnostic imaging system combining a GEHC Positron Emission Tomography (PET) System and a
current production diagnostic GEHC Computed Tomography (CT) System. The proposed Omni Legend is
a conventional, general-purpose PET/CT system using existing technological characteristics with identical
Intended Use and Indications for Use as its predicate.
Omni Legend
that correspondently provide an AFOV of 32 cm, 21cm, 16 cm. Omni Legend  major components
include PET gantry / detector, GEHC commercially available Revolution Maxima CT system (K192686),
patient table, operator console / workspace, computing hardware, power distribution unit, system
software, and image reconstruction software. The operator console and system software control


                                      2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

image acquisition and reconstruction, image display and post processing analysis, protocol and
patient management, CT dose display, networking, filming, etc.
Intended Use
  The Omni Legend PET/CT system is intended for CT attenuation corrected, anatomically localized PET
  imaging of the distribution of positron-emitting radiopharmaceuticals. It is intended to image the
  whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone, the gastrointestinal and lymphatic systems, and
  other organs. The system is also intended for stand-alone, diagnostic CT imaging.

Indications for Use
  The GE Omni Legend is a PET/CT system for producing attenuation corrected PET images. It is intended
  to be used by qualified health care professionals for imaging the distribution and localization of any
  positron-emitting radiopharmaceutical in a patient, for the assessment of metabolic (molecular) and
  physiologic function in patients, with a wide range of sizes and extent of disease, of all ages.
  Omni Legend is intended to image the whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone, the
  gastrointestinal and lymphatic systems, and other organs. The images produced by the system may be
  used by physicians to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning, therapy guidance and monitoring, and in
  interventional radiology procedures. The images may also be used for precise functional and
  anatomical mapping (localization, registration, and fusion).
 When used with radiopharmaceuticals approved by the regulatory authority in the country of use, the
  raw and image data is an aid in; detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging, restaging,
  monitoring, and/or follow up, of abnormalities, lesions, tumors, inflammation, infection, organ
  function, disorders, and/or disease, such as, but not limited to, those in oncology, cardiology, and
  neurology. Examples of which are:
  Cardiology:
      Cardiovascular disease
     Myocardial perfusion
     Myocardial viability
      Cardiac inflammation
     Coronary artery disease
  Neurology:
      Epilepsy

     and frontotemporal dementia


     Tumors
     Inflammation
      Cerebrovascular disease such as acute stroke, chronic and acute ischemia
     Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)

                                      3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

  Oncology/Cancer:
     Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
      Small Cell Lung Cancer
      Breast Cancer
      Prostate Cancer
     Hodgkin  disease
     Non-Hodgkin  lymphoma
      Colorectal Cancer
    Melanoma
  Omni Legend is also intended for stand-alone, diagnostic CT imaging in accordance with the stand-
                                                                           .

Technological Characteristics
The proposed Omni Legend employs the same basic operating principles and fundamental technologies
as the predicate Omni Legend device. The table below summarizes the substantive feature / technological
differences between the predicate and proposed devices.

     Specification /               Predicate Device:                  Proposed Device:
        Attribute           Omni Legend (K221932)               Omni Legend

 PET Gantry              Multiple detector ring configurations   Multiple detector ring configurations
                             (16, 32 cm axial FOV).70 cm bore.    (16, 21, 32 cm axial FOV).70 cm bore

 Detector Unit           SiPM-based light sensor with ASIC     SiPM-based light sensor with ASIC

                      BGO scintillator crystals           BGO scintillator crystals

 CT System                 Revolution Maxima (K192686)         Revolution Maxima (K192686)
 Image Reconstruction   Iterative Image Reconstruction,      Iterative Image Reconstruction,
 / Processing            including Precision DL (K223212)    including Precision DL (K223212).
                                                     PET Digital Gating (DDG) also known
                                                            as MotionFree (K180318)
                                                     Enhanced AC option


 Standards               IEC 60601-1 and applicable Collateral  IEC 60601-1 and applicable Collateral
 Conformance              and Particular Standards.            and Particular Standards.

Omni Legend  technological characteristics do not create new questions of safety or effectiveness, and
did not introduce any new risks/hazards, warnings, or limitations.


                                      4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing
Omni Legend has successfully completed the design control testing per our quality system. No additional
hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. Omni Legend was designed and
is manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GE believes that the
extensive bench testing and the physician evaluations performed
equivalence determination.
Omni Legend has been independently tested and conforms with IEC 60601-1 and its applicable Collateral
and Particular Standards including IEC 60601-1-2, 60601-1-3, 60601-2-44, as well as performance testing
per NEMA NU 2-2018.
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the system:
     Risk Analysis
    Required Reviews
    Design Reviews
     Testing on unit level (Module verification)
     Integration testing (System verification)
    Performance testing (Verification)
     Safety testing (Verification)
     Simulated use testing (Validation)

Additional Non-Clinical Testing
Additional engineering bench testing was performed to support substantial equivalence, demonstrate
performance, and substantiate the product claims. Where applicable the testing was conducted according
to NEMA NU-2-2018. This included testing for:
    System Sensitivity
    Noise Equivalent Count Rate (NECR)
     Contrast Recovery and Contrast to Noise Ratio
     Spatial Resolution
     Quantitation
    Dose / Time Reduction (Acquisition and Image Quality)
     Design for Scalability
Testing of PET Digital Gating (K180318) verified use with Omni Legend and included substantiation of PET
Digital Gating cleared performance claims. Testing of Enhanced AC included qualitative and quantitative
evaluation of PET images corrected with Enhanced AC, including demonstration of improvement in lesion
quantitation.
All testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated
with predicate device. GE believes the proposed Omni Legend is of comparable type and substantially
equivalent to our currently marketed system Omni Legend (K221932).

                                      5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Clinical Testing
A clinical reader study using PET/CT exams acquired on Omni Legend was conducted. The exams
constituted a clinically representative sample for evaluating the performance of Omni Legend  Enhanced
AC option. The results of the study support the determination of substantial equivalence. Each image was
read by NM physicians who provided an assessment of overall diagnostic image quality using a Likert Scale
as well as the ability of Enhanced AC to correct artifacts. All of the physicians attested that their
assessments demonstrated acceptable diagnostic results.
Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
The modifications associated with proposed Omni Legend do not create a new Intended Use or
Indications for Use and represent equivalent technological characteristics, with no changes to the control
mechanisms, operating principle, and energy type. GEHC
management processes did not identify any new questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected
results, or adverse effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.
Based on development under GEHC                            system and software verification and
validation testing, conformance to standards, the additional engineering bench testing, and the clinical
reader study demonstrates that the proposed Omni Legend is substantially equivalent to, and hence as
safe and as effective for its Intended Use, as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                      6