Gleamer SAS
Antoine Tournier
Chief Compliance Officer
47bis, rue des Vinaigriers
PARIS, 75010
FRANCE
                                                                     February 5, 2025

Re: K241593
    Trade/Device Name: BoneMetrics (US)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 7, 2025
    Received: January 7, 2025

Dear Antoine Tournier:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241593 - Antoine Tournier                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K241593 - Antoine Tournier                                                           Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241593                                                             I
Device Name
 BoneMetrics (US)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 BoneMetrics US is a fully automated radiological image processing software device intended to aid
 users in the measurement of Cobb angles on frontal spine radiographs of individuals of at least 4
 years old for patients with suspected or present spinal deformities, such as scoliosis. It should not be
 used instead of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. The
 software device is to be used by healthcare professionals trained in radiology.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary
 GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593

Date prepared: February 4th, 2025

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) Summary for BoneMetrics US
is provided below.
   1. Submitter
 Submitter       GLEAMER SAS
                      47bis, rue des Vinaigriers
                   75010, Paris 10, FRANCE
 Primary Contact   Antoine Tournier
 Person            Chief Compliance Officer
                        Tel: 0033 6 15 81 23 45
                     Email: antoine.tournier@gleamer.ai
                      Alternate email: qara@gleamer.ai

   2. Device
 Trade Name       BoneMetrics (US)
 510(k) reference   K241593
 Common Name   Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Regulation        21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code     QIH
 Classification     Class II

   3. Predicate Device
 Predicate Device   IB Lab LAMA
 510(k) Reference   K223646

   4. Device Description
BoneMetrics US is intended to analyze radiographs using machine learning techniques to provide
fully automated measurements of cobb angles during the review of frontal spine radiographs.

BoneMetrics US can be deployed on cloud and be connected to several computing platforms and
X-ray imaging platforms such as radiographic systems, or PACS. More precisely, BoneMetrics US
can be deployed in the cloud connected to a DICOM Source/Destination with a DICOM Viewer,
i.e. a PACS.

After the acquisition of the radiographs on the patient and their storage in the DICOM Source, the
radiographs are automatically received by BoneMetrics US from the user’s DICOM Source through
intermediate DICOM node(s) (for example, a specific Gateway, or a dedicated API). The DICOM
Source can be the user’s image storage system (for example, the Picture Archiving and
Communication System, or PACS), or other radiological equipment (for example X-ray systems).


                                                                      Page 1 / 10

510(k) Summary
 GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593

Once received by BoneMetrics US, the radiographs are automatically processed by the AI
algorithm without requiring any user inputs. The algorithm identifies the keypoints corresponding
to the corners of all the vertebras that are seen on the images and calculates all possible angles
between vertebras. Only Cobb Angles that are above 7° are retained. Based on the processing
result, BoneMetrics US generates result files in DICOM format. These result files consist of
annotated images with the measurements plotted on a copy of all images (as an overlay) and
angle values displayed in degrees. BoneMetrics US does not alter the original images, nor does it
change the order of original images or delete any image from the DICOM Source.

Once available, the result files are sent by BoneMetrics US to the DICOM Destination through the
same intermediate DICOM node(s). Similar to the DICOM Source, the DICOM Destination can be
the user’s image storage system (for example, the Picture Archiving and Communication System,
or PACS), or other radiological equipment (for example X-ray systems). The DICOM Source and
the DICOM Destination are not necessarily identical.

The DICOM Destination can be used to visualize the result files provided by BoneMetrics US or to
transfer the results to another DICOM host for visualization. The users are then able to use them
as a concurrent reading aid to provide their diagnosis.

The displayed result for the BoneMetrics US is a summary in a unique Secondary Capture with the
following information:

    •  The image with the angle(s) in degree drawn as an overlay (if any),
    •  A table with the angle(s) measurement(s) and value(s) in degree (if any),
    •   At the bottom, the “Gleamer” logo and the “BoneMetrics” mention

   5. Intended use/ Indications for Use
BoneMetrics US is a fully automated radiological image processing software device intended to
aid users in the measurement of Cobb angles on frontal spine radiographs of individuals of at least
4 years old for patients with suspected or present spinal deformities, such as scoliosis. It should
not be used instead of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.
The software device is to be used by healthcare professionals trained in radiology.


                                                                      Page 2 / 10

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593

  6. Substantial equivalence

Features and      Subject Device                                    Predicate Device                                  Discussion of Differences and Comments
Characteristics    Gleamer - BoneMetrics US                            Ib Lab GmbH - Ib Lab LAMA (K223646)


Regulation Information


Classification     21 CFR 892.2050 - Medical image management    Same                                     N/A
regulation       and processing system


Product Code     QIH                                   Same                                     N/A


Regulation      A medical image management and processing     Same                                     N/A
Description       system is a device that provides one or more
                     capabilities relating to the review and digital
                  processing of medical images for the purposes of
                    interpretation by a trained practitioner of
                  disease detection, diagnosis, or patient
               management. The software components may
                  provide advanced or complex image processing
                   functions for image manipulation, enhancement,
                  or quantification that are intended for use in the
                    interpretation and analysis of medical images.
                Advanced image manipulation functions may
                   include image segmentation, multimodality
                image registration, or 3D visualization. Complex
                    quantitative functions may include semiautomated measurements or time-series
                measurements.


Indications for use


                                                                                                              Page 3 / 10

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593


Features and      Subject Device                                    Predicate Device                                  Discussion of Differences and Comments
Characteristics    Gleamer - BoneMetrics US                            Ib Lab GmbH - Ib Lab LAMA (K223646)


Indications for    BoneMetrics US is a fully automated radiological    IB Lab LAMA is a fully-automated radiological       The subject device performs measurements of
use             image processing software device intended to     image processing software device intended to aid   Cobb angles on frontal spine images for patients
                   aid users in the measurement of Cobb angles on    users in the measurement of limb-length            of at least 4 years old. The predicate device
                     frontal spine radiographs of individuals of at        discrepancy and quantitative knee alignment       performs measurements of lengths and angles
                     least 4 years old for patients with suspected or     parameters on uni- and bilateral AP full leg        on full leg images on patients of at least 22
                  present spinal deformities, such as scoliosis. It      radiographs of individuals at least 22 years of age.   years of age.
                 should not be used instead of full patient                It should not be used in-lieu of full patient           This difference in anatomical measurements,
                   evaluation or solely relied upon to make or         evaluation or solely relied upon to make or          anatomical locations, and patient population
                  confirm a diagnosis. The software device is to be   confirm a diagnosis. The software device is         does not raise new types of questions for safety
                used by healthcare professionals trained in        intended to be used by healthcare professionals     or effectiveness and therefore does not induce
                    radiology.                                          trained in radiology. IB Lab LAMA is not indicated    changes in the intended use. For both devices,
                                                                            for use on radiographs on which Ankle             the key question is whether the software is able
                                                                        Arthroplasties and/or Unicompartmental Knee       to generate accurate and reproducible
                                                                        Arthroplasties are present.                        anatomical measurements within the target
                                                                                                                        population.
                                                                                                                             This is confirmed through additional controls
                                                                                                                           that are in place to mitigate any risk for this
                                                                                                                                difference:
                                                                                                                •   dedicated training of the algorithm for
                                                                                                                       the indications and the patient
                                                                                                                          population
                                                                                                                •   performance testing for all indications
                                                                                                          and populations


                                                                                                              Page 4 / 10

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593


Features and      Subject Device                                    Predicate Device                                  Discussion of Differences and Comments
Characteristics    Gleamer - BoneMetrics US                            Ib Lab GmbH - Ib Lab LAMA (K223646)


Human           Required                               Same                                     N/A
Intervention for
interpretation


Image         DICOM compliant plain radiographs collected in   Same                                     N/A
requirements     other devices in the CR, DX formats.


Anatomical area   Frontal Spine                                            Full leg                                     The anatomical area supported by the subject
                                                                                                                    device (frontal spine) is different from the
                                                                                                                        predicate device (full leg).
                                                                                                                             This difference does not raise new questions
                                                                                                                       regarding safety or effectiveness with respect to
                                                                                                                the technological characteristics. The
                                                                                                                  techniques used for capturing full leg images
                                                                                                    and frontal spine images are both standard
                                                                                                                   procedures.
                                                                                                           However, additional controls are in place to
                                                                                                                           mitigate any risk for this difference:
                                                                                                                •   dedicated training of the algorithm for
                                                                                                                       the indications and the patient
                                                                                                                          population
                                                                                                                •   performance testing for all indications
                                                                                                          and populations


  Technological Information


                                                                                                              Page 5 / 10

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593


Features and      Subject Device                                    Predicate Device                                  Discussion of Differences and Comments
Characteristics    Gleamer - BoneMetrics US                            Ib Lab GmbH - Ib Lab LAMA (K223646)


Workflow/         1.  User or PACS send image to the device          1.  User or PACS send image to the device        N/A
Principle of         2.  Device performs analysis                        2.  Device performs analysis
                     3.  Image is sent back to PACS                      3.  Image is sent back to PACSOperaion
                     4.  User reviews the results                         4.  User reviews and accepts/rejects the results


Processing         1.  Pre-process the input image                     1.  Pre-process the input image                 The Processing architecture is different between
Architecture       2.   Classification of the image                       2.   Classify uni or bilateral image                  the subject and the predicate device:
                     3.  Detect landmarks                                3.  Compute regions of interest for each side.        •   The subject device does not perform a
                     4.  Compute angles                                  4.  Detect landmarks and segmentations
                                                                                                                                                  classification of uni or bilateral images.
                     5.  Generate results                                 5.  Compute lines and distances
                                                                                      BMUS only process unilateral frontal                                                                             6.  Compute angles
                                                                             7.  Generate reports                                     spine images
                                                                                                                •   The subject device does not compute
                                                                                                                               regions of interest nor detected
                                                                                                                     segmentations
                                                                                                                •   The subject device only computes and
                                                                                                               does not compute distances or lines
                                                                                                          These differences are linked with the difference
                                                                                                                          of indications for use mentionned above and
                                                                                                                the same additional controls are in place to
                                                                                                                           mitigate these differences:
                                                                                                                •   dedicated training of the algorithm for
                                                                                                                       the indications and the patient
                                                                                                                          population
                                                                                                                •   performance testing for all indications
                                                                                                          and populations


                                                                                                              Page 6 / 10

510(k) Summary
GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593


Features and      Subject Device                                    Predicate Device                                  Discussion of Differences and Comments
Characteristics    Gleamer - BoneMetrics US                            Ib Lab GmbH - Ib Lab LAMA (K223646)


Technology       Convolutional neural networks for:                Convolutional neural networks for:               The technology behind the subject and the
                     •    classification                               •    classification                              reference device is different:
                     •   landmarking                               •   landmarking                               •   The subject device does not provide
                                                                   •   segmentation                                                                                                                    segmentation or auxiliary points and
                     Classical methods for computing:
                                                                                                                                lengths computing technology                     •   angles                                        Classical methods for computing:
                                                                   •    auxiliary points                         These differences are linked with the difference
                                                                   •   lengths                                    of indications for use mentionned above and
                                                                   •   angles                                  the same additional controls are in place to
                                                                                                                           mitigate these differences:
                                                                                                                •   dedicated training of the algorithm for
                                                                                                                       the indications and the patient
                                                                                                                          population
                                                                                                                •   performance testing for all indications
                                                                                                          and populations


Output        Human and machine readable results in the      Human and machine readable reports in the       N/A
              DICOM format.                          DICOM format.


Physical          Software application.                            Software application operated on OTS software.    N/A
Characteristics


Safety            Displayed warnings                        Same                                     N/A
                 Intended Users: qualified and trained healthcare
                   professionals
                Automated input checks: DICOM Tags check


                                                                                                              Page 7 / 10

510(k) Summary
 GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593


   7. Performance data
Note: no animal testing or clinical testing is included in the current 510(k) submission.

7.1. Bench Testing - Nonclinical Tests
Product verification and validation testing were conducted and documented as per the
requirements of the FDA guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
Functions” for a Basic Documentation Level. Nonclinical tests include unit, integration and
system levels testing for the final software version. BoneMetrics US performed as intended and
all results observed were as expected. All software requirements and risk analysis have been
successfully verified and traced.

7.2. Bench Testing - Clinical Performance Tests
A Clinical Standalone Performance Study was conducted on a dataset of 345 frontal spine
radiographs of children and adults obtained from US data providers to validate the performance
of BoneMetrics US.

The ground truth was determined by the expertise of two US board-certified musculoskeletal
radiologists and one US board-certified orthopedic surgeon. These experts were kept unaware of
the outputs from BoneMetrics US, findings from clinical reports, and readings from other truthers.
The ground truth was defined as the mean of the Cobb angles values measured by the 3 ground
truthers to establish a consensus-based ground truth. Any cases with discrepancies exceeding
the predetermined threshold were subjected to an adjudication process, where the three experts
mutually agreed on a value for the ground truth.

The clinical standalone performance study compared the performance of BoneMetrics US in the
measurements of Cobb angles against a ground truth by computing the Mean Absolute Error
(MAE) and an acceptance criteria.

  Endpoint             Metric       Mean     Lower     Upper     Acceptance criteria
                                  (95% CI)   Bound    Bound
 Cobb angle with the   Mean Absolute  2.56       2.0        3.28      Upper bound of the MAE
 largest curvature       Error (°)                                95% CI < 6.34°
 n = 212
 Minor Cobb angle     Mean Absolute  2.78       2.29       3.33      Upper bound of the MAE
 n = 189                  Error (°)                                95% CI < 6.34°


                                                                      Page 8 / 10

510(k) Summary
 GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593


A subgroup analysis was performed for the performance accuracy of BoneMetrics US in adults,
and children and pediatrics population.

 Population   Endpoint         Metric      Mean    Lower    Upper    Acceptance
                                        (95%    Bound   Bound     criteria
                                                   CI)
 Adults      Cobb angle with   Mean         3.31      2.21      4.87      Upper bound of the
               the largest        Absolute                           MAE 95% CI < 6.34°
               curvature          Error (°)
               (n=100)
              Minor Cobb      Mean         2.91      2.29      3.68      Upper bound of the
               angle             Absolute                           MAE 95% CI < 6.34°
               (n=90)              Error (°)
 Children    Cobb angle with   Mean         1.34      0.88      1.86      Upper bound of the
               the largest        Absolute                           MAE 95% CI < 6.34°
               curvature          Error (°)
               (n=32)
              Minor Cobb      Mean         1.95      1.01      3.21      Upper bound of the
               angle             Absolute                           MAE 95% CI < 6.34°
               (n=18)              Error (°)

 Adolescent  Cobb angle with   Mean         2.11      1.71      2.56      Upper bound of the
               the largest        Absolute                           MAE 95% CI < 6.34°
               curvature          Error (°)
               (n=80)
              Minor Cobb      Mean         2.83      1.96      3.85      Upper bound of the
               angle             Absolute                           MAE 95% CI < 6.34°
               (n=81)              Error (°)


The standalone results indicates that BoneMetrics US was able to meet the pre-defined
performance acceptance criteria for Cobb angle measurements, thereby demonstrating its ability
to provide clinically relevant measurements. The performance achieved by the device confirms
that BoneMetrics US is an effective imaging device capable of providing reliable measurements
of Cobb angles on frontal spine radiographs. Consequently, BoneMetrics US perform as intended
and is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

7.3. Conclusion
BoneMetrics US is as safe and effective as the predicate device. BoneMetrics US and the
predicate device are both fully-automated radiological image processing software device
intended to aid users perform measurements of interests on radiographs.

The overall design of the software and the basic functionality that it provides to the end user are
the same. The minor differences between the subject and the predicate device in indications do
not alter the intended use of the device and do not raise new or different questions regarding its


                                                                      Page 9 / 10

510(k) Summary
 GLEAMER – BoneMetrics (US) - K241593

safety and effectiveness when used as labelled. Verification and validation testing, including the
clinical standalone software performance tests, supports the safety and demonstrates that
BoneMetrics US performs as intended. Therefore BoneMetrics US is substantially equivalent.


                                                                     Page 10 / 10