July 3, 2024


Iterative Scopes, Inc.
℅ Janice Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market St. Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K241508
    Trade/Device Name: SKOUT® system
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1520
    Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Lesion Software Detection System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNP
    Dated: May 28, 2024
    Received: May 28, 2024


Dear Janice Hogan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241508 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page  2


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K241508 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                           Sivakami Venkatachalam -S

                                                  for
                                              Shanil P. Haugen, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                              Obesity and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K241508
Device Name
SKOUT® system
Indications for Use (Describe)
The SKOUT® system is a software device designed to detect potential colorectal polyps in real time
during colonoscopy examinations. It is indicated as a computer-aided detection tool providing
colorectal polyps location information to assist qualified and trained gastroenterologists in identifying
potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy examinations in adult patients undergoing colorectal
cancer screening or surveillance.
The SKOUT® system is only intended to assist the gastroenterologist in identifying suspected
colorectal polyps and the gastroenterologist is responsible for reviewing SKOUT® suspected polyp
areas and confirming the presence or absence of a polyp based on their own medical judgment.
SKOUT@® is not intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be relied upon to
make a primary interpretation of endoscopic procedures, medical diagnosis, or recommendations of
treatment/course of action for patients. SKOUT® is indicated for white light colonoscopy only.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K241508
                                                                               Page 1 of 5


                                   510(K) SUMMARY

                            SKOUT® system

                                   K241508

Submitter Contact Information:

       Address:  Iterative Health, Inc. (Iterative Scopes)
               14 Arrow Street Floor 3
                Cambridge, MA 02138

      Phone:   (617) 209-9773

       Contact:  Caitlyn Seidl, VP, Clinical, Regulatory and Medical Affairs

Date Prepared: May 27, 2024

Name of Device: SKOUT® system

Classification Name: Gastrointestinal lesion software detection system (21 CFR 876.1520, Product
                 Code QNP)

Predicate Device: SKOUT® system, Iterative Scopes, K240781

Device Description

The SKOUT system is a software-based computer aided detection (CADe) system for the analysis of
high-definition endoscopic video during colonoscopy procedures. The SKOUT system is intended to
aid gastroenterologists with the detection of potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy by
providing an informational visual aid on the endoscopic monitor using trained software that processes
the endoscopic video in real time.

Users will primarily interact with the SKOUT system by observing the software display, including the
polyp detection box and device status indicator signal.

Polyp Detection Notification

The SKOUT system has a main graphical user interface (GUI) feature of the polyp detection
notification. The polyp detection notification is a two-dimensional blue rectangular outline generated
around any suspected polyps on the endoscopic video feed. If there is no polyp detected, the bounding
box does not appear. SKOUT system pauses polyp detection when an endoscopic tools are detected
in the video feed to ensure that the bounding box does not hinder any surgical procedure, biopsy, or
resection or this may also occur when lighting conditions are deemed to be inadequate.

The polyp detection notification enables users to:

   ●  Detect  potential  colorectal  polyps  during colonoscopy examinations  in  adult  patients
       undergoing a colorectal cancer screening or surveillance procedure.
   ●   Utilize a tool that provides additional information for endoscopic observation.

K241508
                                                                               Page 2 of 5


Device Status Indicator

The SKOUT system has an additional GUI feature that notifies users of the current device status
(active or error):

   ●  a two-dimensional green box with letter (S) when the device is powered on and actively
       processing video.
   ●  a two-dimensional gray box with letter (S) when a surgical tool is present.
   ●  a red (X) with an error message; when there is an error with the video processing function of
       the SKOUT system, the green box will be replaced with a red X and error message to indicate
      an error has occurred.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The SKOUT® system is a software device designed to detect potential colorectal polyps in real time
during colonoscopy examinations.  It  is indicated as a computer-aided detection tool providing
colorectal polyps location information to assist qualified and trained gastroenterologists in identifying
potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy examinations in adult patients undergoing colorectal
cancer screening or surveillance.

The SKOUT® system  is only intended to assist the gastroenterologist in identifying suspected
colorectal polyps and the gastroenterologist is responsible for reviewing SKOUT® suspected polyp
areas and confirming the presence or absence of a polyp based on their own medical judgment.
SKOUT® is not intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be relied upon to make
a primary interpretation of endoscopic procedures, medical diagnosis, or recommendations of
treatment/course of action for patients. SKOUT® is indicated for white light colonoscopy only.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject device is a modified version of the predicate device, which was FDA-cleared on April 19,
2024 (K240781). The key characteristics of the subject SKOUT system and the predicate SKOUT
system are compared in the following table.

                       Table 1: Comparison of Key Characteristics
                        Subject Device:                Predicate Device:                                                                     Comparison               SKOUT® system (K241508)     SKOUT® system (K240781)
 Product Code  QNP                   QNP                     Same
 Regulation     21 CFR 876.1520              21 CFR 876.1520            Same
 Device Class    Class II                         Class II                   Same
 Indications for  The SKOUT® system is a        The SKOUT® system is a       Same
 Use             software device designed to       software device designed to
                   detect potential colorectal polyps   detect potential colorectal polyps
                       in real time during colonoscopy     in real time during colonoscopy
                   examinations. It is indicated as a   examinations. It is indicated as a
                  computer-aided detection tool     computer-aided detection tool
                    providing colorectal polyps         providing colorectal polyps
                     location information to assist       location information to assist
                     qualified and trained                qualified and trained

K241508
                                                                                Page 3 of 5
                       Subject Device:                Predicate Device:                                                                    Comparison              SKOUT® system (K241508)     SKOUT® system (K240781)
                   gastroenterologists in identifying   gastroenterologists in identifying
                    potential colorectal polyps during   potential colorectal polyps during
                colonoscopy examinations in      colonoscopy examinations in
                   adult patients undergoing          adult patients undergoing
                   colorectal cancer screening or      colorectal cancer screening or
                   surveillance.                        surveillance.

              The SKOUT® system is only      The SKOUT® system is only
                 intended to assist the             intended to assist the
                   gastroenterologist in identifying    gastroenterologist in identifying
                suspected colorectal polyps and   suspected colorectal polyps and
                  the gastroenterologist is           the gastroenterologist is
                  responsible for reviewing          responsible for reviewing
             SKOUT® suspected polyp areas  SKOUT® suspected polyp areas
               and confirming the presence or   and confirming the presence or
               absence of a polyp based on     absence of a polyp based on
                     their own medical judgment.        their own medical judgment.
             SKOUT® is not intended to      SKOUT® is not intended to
                  replace a full patient evaluation,    replace a full patient evaluation,
                 nor is it intended to be relied       nor is it intended to be relied
               upon to make a primary         upon to make a primary
                    interpretation of endoscopic        interpretation of endoscopic
                 procedures, medical diagnosis,    procedures, medical diagnosis,
                  or recommendations of            or recommendations of
                  treatment/course of action for      treatment/course of action for
                    patients. SKOUT® is indicated      patients. SKOUT® is indicated
                     for white light colonoscopy only.    for white light colonoscopy only.

User             Adult patients undergoing          Adult patients undergoing       Same
Population       colorectal cancer screening or      colorectal cancer screening or
                   surveillance colonoscopy.          surveillance colonoscopy.
Fundamental   The SKOUT system is          The SKOUT system is         Same
Technological   composed of a single piece      composed of a single piece
Characteristics  hardware design and software    hardware design and software
                designed to highlight portions of   designed to highlight portions of
                  the colon where the device        the colon where the device
                  detects potential colorectal        detects potential colorectal
                  polyps.                            polyps.
Software       The SKOUT system utilizes an    The SKOUT system utilizes an   Same
Algorithm          artificial intelligence-based            artificial intelligence-based
                  algorithm to perform the polyp     algorithm to perform the polyp
                  detection function.                 detection function.
Power Source   Hospital mains power              Hospital mains power         Same

K241508
                                                                             Page 4 of 5


                       Subject Device:                Predicate Device:                                                                    Comparison              SKOUT® system (K241508)     SKOUT® system (K240781)
Safety         The Mode Selection Button      The Mode Selection Button      Same
Features         allows for instantaneous toggling   allows for instantaneous toggling
               between the SKOUT video feed   between the SKOUT video feed
               and the bypass video feed in the  and the bypass video feed in the
                 event of software error that        event of software error that
                    affects video quality.                affects video quality.
              The polyp detection marker is     The polyp detection marker is
                  disabled if a biopsy tool enters     disabled if a biopsy tool enters
                  the field of view to prevent         the field of view to prevent
                  obstruction of the area of interest   obstruction of the area of interest
                  during intervention.                during intervention.
            SKOUT system GUI also has a   SKOUT system GUI also has a
                 device status indicator that        device status indicator that
                     notifies users of the current         notifies users of the current
                 device status (active or error):     device status (active or error):
                 ●  a two-dimensional green     ●  a two-dimensional green
                      box with letter (S) when          box with letter (S) when
                         the device is powered on          the device is powered on
                     and actively processing          and actively processing
                          video.                             video.
                 ●  a two-dimensional gray       ●  a two-dimensional gray
                      box with letter (S) when          box with letter (S) when
                     a surgical tool is               a surgical tool is
                          present.                           present.
                 ●  a red (X) with an error        ●  a red (X) with an error
                     message; when there is          message; when there is
                     an error with the video          an error with the video
                        processing function of            processing function of
                         the SKOUT system, the           the SKOUT system, the
                       green box will be                green box will be
                        replaced with a red X             replaced with a red X
                     and error message to           and error message to
                           indicate an error has               indicate an error has
                         occurred.                         occurred.
Device Output  SKOUT system generates      SKOUT system generates      Same
                markers in the form of blue       markers in the form of blue
                  rectangles superimposed on the   rectangles superimposed on the
                endoscopic video when potential   endoscopic video when potential
                   colorectal polyps are identified.     colorectal polyps are identified.
            SKOUT markers are not       SKOUT markers are not
               accompanied by a sound.        accompanied by a sound.
              The polyp detection marker is     The polyp detection marker is
                  disabled if a biopsy tool enters     disabled if a biopsy tool enters
                  the field of view to prevent         the field of view to prevent

K241508
                                                                                 Page 5 of 5


                        Subject Device:                Predicate Device:                                                                     Comparison               SKOUT® system (K241508)     SKOUT® system (K240781)
                    obstruction of the area of interest   obstruction of the area of interest
                   during intervention.                during intervention.
 Video Input       Serial Digital Interface (SDI); de-   Serial Digital Interface (SDI); de-  Same
                     interlacing applied during pre-      interlacing applied during preprocessing                       processing
 Compatible     Olympus EVIS EXERA III and    Olympus EVIS EXERA III and    Same
 Endoscopes    FUJI EC760 series              FUJI EC760 series

The subject device includes the following minor changes to the technological characteristics compared
to the predicate device:

   ●  Refinement/retraining of polyp detection algorithm, including:
         o   Utilization of same system level and algorithm level architectures as predicate device
         o   Utilization of data from 30+ unique clinical sites, of which 27 were new compared to
               the predicate device, with new data representing 61% of the cumulative data
   ●  Refinement of polyp tracking algorithm
   ●  Update to current version of system operating system
   ●  Update to current version of software libraries
   ●  Bug fixes

Performance Testing

Non-clinical performance testing was conducted to demonstrate that the SKOUT system is as safe
and effective as the predicate device.

   ●  Software verification and validation testing was conducted to confirm the SKOUT system
       software meets  design  requirements  for  its  intended  use,  per  the  device’s  design
       documentation in line with recommendations outlined in General Principles of Software
        Validation, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff.
   ●   Additional bench software testing was performed to confirm the device meets the special
        controls in 21 CFR 876.1520 for algorithm performance, pixel degradation and video delays.

SKOUT system demonstrated passing results in all applicable testing.

Conclusions

The SKOUT system has the same intended use, indications for use, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in software do not affect its safety
and effectiveness when used as labeled. The inference algorithms the same architecture and meet
the same performance requirements as the predicate device, therefore clinical performance remains
unchanged from the clinical performance submitted in K213686. Performance data demonstrates that
the SKOUT system is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Thus, the SKOUT system is
substantially equivalent.