January 3, 2025


GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
℅ Maysana Mousa Elias
Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
GE HealthCare
3000 N Grandview Blvd W 440
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K241350
    Trade/Device Name:  Clarify DL
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, KPS
    Dated: May 13, 2024
    Received: December 3, 2024

Dear Maysana Mousa Elias:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241350 - Maysana Mousa Elias                                                       Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K241350 - Maysana Mousa Elias                                                       Page  3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241350
Device Name
 Clarify DL

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Clarify DL is a deep learning-based image reconstruction method intended to reduce noise and
 improve image quality of Nuclear Medicine bone SPECT scintigraphy images. Clarify DL may be
 used for patients of all ages.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

GE Healthcare
  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Clarify DL


                                                      K241350

              510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):
 Date:                     January 03, 2025
 Submitter:             GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging (GE HealthCare)
                        4 Hayozma Street
                                Tirat Hacarmel, 30200, Israel
 Primary Contact:         Maysana Mousa Elias
                            Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
                      GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
                                Tel: +972-4-8563666
                           Mobile: +972-54-7850710
                             Email: Maysana.MousaElias@gehealthcare.com
 Secondary Contact:       John Jaeckle
                             Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
                      GE Healthcare
                                Tel: 262-424-9547
                             Email: john.jaeckle@gehealthcare.com
 Device Trade Name:         Clarify DL
 Device Classification:       Class II
 Regulation Number:      21CFR 892.1200 & 21CFR 892.2050
 Product Codes:           KPS & LLZ

Predicate Device Information

 Predicate Device 1
 Device Name:                             Xeleris V Processing and Review System
 Manufacturer:                   GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
 510(k) Number:                    K221680
 Regulation Number/ Product Code:     21CFR 892.2050 / LLZ
 Predicate Device 2
 Device Name:                         StarGuide
 Manufacturer:                   GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
 510(k) Number:                    K210173
 Regulation Number/ Product Code:     21CFR 892.1200 / KPS

                                    1

GE Healthcare
  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Clarify DL


                                  21CFR 892.1750 / JAK

Device Description
Clarify DL is a software-only device for the reconstruction of NM bone SPECT scintigraphy images
obtained using supported GE HealthCare SPECT and SPECT-CT systems. Clarify DL is designed to reduce
image noise while maintaining contrast to enable increased Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR) and
Contrast Recovery Coefficient (CRC). Clarify DL is deployed within the software of the predicate Xeleris
V Processing and Review System and StarGuide devices.
Clarify DL includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) with one planned modification. The
modification is for making Clarify DL available for imaging data acquired using a SPECT-CT system that
incorporates a different CT. Clarify DL remains unchanged and maintains the same intended use,
indications for use and equivalent performance. Performance evaluation for the modification includes
testing to confirm equivalence of the input CT data and that Clarify DL’s overall IQ performance is
maintained and substantially equivalent to its performance with imaging data from a supported SPECTCT system. The user documentation will be updated to reflect the modification (i.e. description of new
source of data, summary of release and performance evaluation).

Intended Use
Clarify DL is a deep learning-based image reconstruction method intended for Nuclear Medicine SPECT
images.

Indications For Use
Clarify DL is a deep learning-based image reconstruction method intended to reduce noise and improve
image quality of Nuclear Medicine bone SPECT scintigraphy images. Clarify DL may be used for patients
of all ages.

Technology Characteristics
Clarify DL is an additional image reconstruction option for the predicate Xeleris V Processing and
Review System and StarGuide devices. Clarify DL produces substantially equivalent images to those
produced using the predicate devices’ cleared image reconstruction. Because Clarify DL is deployed
within the predicate Xeleris V and StarGuide devices software, it utilizes the same hardware and
software platform as their cleared image reconstruction. The tables below summarize the substantive
feature / technological differences between the predicate device and the proposed device:
 Specification            Predicate Device 1                    Proposed Device
                    Xeleris V Processing and Review                      Clarify DL
                      System (K221680)                     on Xeleris V
 Technology       OSEM-based Iterative Image           OSEM-based Iterative Image
                           Reconstruction               Reconstruction with integrated deep
                                                          learning model trained to reduce noise


                                    2

GE Healthcare
  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Clarify DL


 Specification            Predicate Device 2                    Proposed Device
                       StarGuide (K221680)                            Clarify DL
                        including Smart Console            on StarGuide’s Smart Console
 Technology      OSEM-based and BSREM-based     OSEM-based and BSREM-based Iterative
                      Iterative Image Reconstruction    Image Reconstruction with integrated deep
                                                          learning model trained to reduce noise

Clarify DL’s technological characteristics do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness, and did
not introduce any new risks/hazards, warnings, or limitations.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
Summary of Non-Clinical Testing
CDL has successfully completed the design control testing per GEHC’s quality system. No additional
hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. CDL was designed under the
Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GEHC believes that the extensive bench
testing and the physician evaluations performed are sufficient for FDA’s substantial equivalence
determination. The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of
the system:
  -  Requirement Definition
  -  Risk Analysis
  -  Technical Design Reviews
  -  Formal Design Reviews
  -  Software Development Lifecycle
  -  Testing on unit level (Module verification)
  -  Integration testing (System verification)
  -  System Testing:
        -  Safety Testing (Verification)
        -  System and Image Performance Testing (Verification)
        -  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
Additional  engineering bench  testing  included  testing  that  demonstrates performance and
substantiates the product claims. The testing confirmed substantial equivalent performance compared
to the predicate devices’ cleared image reconstruction for several acquisition settings. The testing
included testing for image and lesion level characteristics, as follows:
  -  Image level testing included testing for Structure Similarity Index Measure (SSIM), Mean Squared
     Error (MSE), and Peak Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR)
  -  Lesion level testing included testing for Contrast-to-Noise ratio (CNR) and Contrast Recovery
     Coefficient (CRC).


                                    3

GE Healthcare
  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Clarify DL


The additional engineering bench testing substantiated all performance claims. All the testing and
results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with
predicate devices. GEHC considers that the proposed Clarify DL device is of comparable type and
substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.
Summary of Clinical Testing
The clinical testing included a clinical reader evaluation of clinical bone SPECT and SPECT-CT exams
obtained using supported SPECT CT systems. The clinical exams included in Clarify DL’s clinical
evaluation came from 11 hospitals, including 5 US hospitals from 4 different states (i.e Ohio, Kansas,
Rhode Island, and California) and 6 non-US hospitals from Europe and Asia. The clinical reader
evaluation included review by expert NM physicians to assess overall Image Quality, Image Resolution,
and Noise Level. The results of the clinical reader evaluation support the determination of substantial
equivalence. All readers attested that their assessments of Clarify DL demonstrated acceptable
diagnostic results.

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
The changes associated with Clarify DL do not change the indications for use and represent
technological characteristics that produce images of equivalent diagnostic quality.
GEHC’s quality system’s design verification, and risk management processes did not identify any new
questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from
the changes to the predicate.
Design verification, along with the bench testing and the clinical reader evaluation included in the
“Performance Testing” section of this submission, demonstrate that Clarify DL  is substantially
equivalent to, and hence as safe and as effective for its intended use as the legally marketed predicate
devices.
All the testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness than
associated with predicate device. GEHC considers the proposed device is substantially equivalent to
the predicate devices.


                                    4