October 17, 2024

GE Medical Systems, LLC
Brian Zielski
Sr. Lead Specialist, Regulatory Affairs - MR
3200 N Grandview Blvd
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K241242
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA MAGNUS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI
    Dated: September 10, 2024
    Received: September 10, 2024

Dear Brian Zielski:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241242 - Brian Zielski                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K241242 - Brian Zielski                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                 Justina Tam -  DigitallyTam -S  signed by Justina
                            S                         Date:-04'00'2024.10.17 14:38:06

                                                  for
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                                and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K241242

Device Name
SIGNA MAGNUS


Indications for Use (Describe)
SIGNA MAGNUS system is a head-only magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-tonoise ratio, diffusion-weighted imaging, and short scan times. SIGNA MAGNUS is indicated for use as a diagnostic
imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or
spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or functions of the head, neck, TMJ, and limited cervical spine on patients 6
years of age and older. Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.

The images produced by SIGNA MAGNUS reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting
magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra, when interpreted by a trained physician, yield information that may
assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     Attachment 15 – 510(k) Summary

                                                              K241242                                             510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

        Date:                May 1, 2024

        Submitter:             GE Medical Systems, LLC
                              3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                              Waukesha, WI 53188

        Primary Contact:           Brian R. Zielski
                                           Sr. Lead Specialist, Regulatory Affairs - MR
                                Phone: 262-227-3596
                                    Email: brian.zielski@gehealthcare.com

       Secondary Contact:       Andrew Menden
                                      Director, Regulatory Affairs - MR
                                Phone: 262-308-5719
                                    Email: andrew.menden@gehealthcare.com

        Device Trade Name:       SIGNA MAGNUS

      Common / Usual Name:    Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device

         Classification Name:       Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device per 21 CFR
                                892.1000

        Product Code:            LNH, LNI

        Predicate Device(s):       SIGNA Premier (K193282)

        Reference Device(s):      SIGNA Champion (K233728)

        Device Description:       SIGNA MAGNUS is a 3.0T high-performance magnetic
                                resonance imaging system designed to support imaging
                                    of the head, neck, TMJ and limited cervical spine. The
                                system supports scanning in axial, coronal, sagittal,
                                    oblique, and double oblique planes using a variety of
                                   pulse sequences, imaging techniques, acceleration
                               methods, and reconstruction algorithms. The system can
                             be delivered as a new system installation, or as an
                               upgrade to existing compatible whole-body 3.0T MR
                                systems from GE HealthCare.


.

SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     Attachment 15 – 510(k) Summary


                               Key aspects of the system design:
                                • An asymmetrically designed, head-only gradient coil
                                       that achieves up to 300 mT/m peak gradient
                                   amplitude and 750 T/m/s peak slew rate.
                                • A graduated patient bore size, starting at 74 cm at
                                   the entry down to 37 cm at isocenter.
                                • Uses the same magnet as a conventional wholebody 3.0T system, with integral active shielding and a
                                    zero boil-off cryostat.
                                • Can be installed as a new system or upgraded from
                                an existing compatible whole-body 3.0T MR system.
                                • A dockable mobile patient table.
                                • Oscillating Diffusion ENcoding (ODEN) - a spectral
                                         diffusion technique that uses a sinusoidal diffusion
                                      gradient waveform.
         Indications for Use:       SIGNA MAGNUS system is a head-only magnetic
                                resonance scanner designed to support high resolution,
                                  high signal-to-noise ratio, diffusion-weighted imaging,
                             and short scan times. SIGNA MAGNUS is indicated for use
                                   as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal,
                                    coronal, and oblique images, spectroscopic images,
                                  parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the
                                    structures and/or functions of the head, neck, TMJ, and
                                     limited cervical spine on patients 6 years of age and
                                      older. Depending on the region of interest being imaged,
                                    contrast agents may be used.

                              The images produced by SIGNA MAGNUS reflect the
                                       spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
                                      exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or
                                     spectra, when interpreted by a trained physician, yield
                                  information that may assist in diagnosis.

        Technology:             SIGNA MAGNUS employs the same functional scientific
                                 technology as its predicate device.

       Comparison of Indications  SIGNA MAGNUS and the predicate device’s Indications
         for Use:                     for Use are substantially equivalent. While the predicate
                                                 is intended for all anatomies, SIGNA MAGNUS is intended
                                      for only the head, neck, TMJ, and cervical spine.


.

SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     Attachment 15 – 510(k) Summary

                               As such, GE HealthCare considers that SIGNA MAGNUS
                                has the same intended use as the predicate device in
                                accordance with the FDA’s guidance document “The
                                   510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in
                                Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.

       Comparison of              Overall, SIGNA MAGNUS employs the same fundamental
        Technological                 scientific technology as the predicate device.
         Characteristics:
                              System Design: Both SIGNA MAGNUS and the predicate
                                  device include the 3.0 T magnet, RF transmit
                                     architecture, RF receive chain and software application
                                        suite. However, the most notable technological
                                    difference between the SIGNA™ MAGNUS and the
                                   predicate device are:

                                    •  Gradient System: The SIGNA MAGNUS can deliver
                                      a peak gradient amplitude of 300 mT/m and peak
                                          gradient slew rate of 750 T/m/s compared to the
                                            predicate’s peak gradient amplitude of 80 mT/m
                                   and peak gradient slew rate of 200 T/m/s. PNS
                                   and CS thresholds are also significantly different
                                   between the two systems, allowing more
                                      performance to be used on the SIGNA MAGNUS
                                         system.

                                    •   Applications: The SIGNA MAGNUS uses the SIGNA
                                   Works suite of applications with the addition of
                                               Oscillating Diffusion ENcoding (ODEN) - a spectral
                                              diffusion technique that uses a sinusoidal
                                              diffusion gradient waveform. ODEN is not offered
                                  on the predicate device.

                                    •   Field-of-View (FOV): The SIGNA MAGNUS FOV
                                    (26cm x 26 cm x 26cm) is intended for head, neck,
                                      TMJ, and limited cervical spine scanning. As such,
                                      a smaller maximum imaging FOV is specified
                                   compared to the predicate device with an FOV of
                                50cm x 50cm x 50cm.

                                    •  Bore Size: Unlike the straight cylindrical patient
                                      bore of the predicate device, the SIGNA MAGNUS


.

SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     Attachment 15 – 510(k) Summary

                                      system has a stepped progressively narrowing
                                           patient bore. The widest part at the patient bore
                                          entry accommodates the arms and torso. It has a
                                    74 cm inner diameter. The patient bore diameter
                                            at the shoulders is narrowed to 54 cm. At the
                                       head, the SIGNA MAGNUS patient bore diameter
                                                          is 37 cm compared to 70 cm for the predicate
                                            device.

                                    •  Receive Channels: The SIGNA MAGNUS has 64
                                      independent RF channels to account for the
                                    imaged anatomies of head, neck, TMJ, and limited
                                               cervical spine, compared to 146 for the predicate
                                         device which is used for whole-body imaging.

                                    •  Max RF Power Output: The SIGNA MAGNUS has
                                           7.5 kW peak total maximum RF power output
                                   compared to 30 kW for the predicate device.

                                Operating Principles: SIGNA MAGNUS functions using
                                 the same operating principles as the predicate device.

                                    Materials: SIGNA MAGNUS and the predicate device
                               both use the same materials.

                                   Safety and Performance Testing: Both SIGNA MAGNUS
                             and the predicate device comply with the same safety
                             and performance testing (see Determination of
                                     Substantial Equivalence, below).

                               These technological differences do not raise any
                                  questions regarding safety and effectiveness. Both
                                   devices must address questions of whether they provide
                              an adequate level of image quality appropriate for
                                    diagnostic use. The performance data described in this
                                 submission include results of both bench testing and
                                            clinical testing that show the image quality performance
                                    of SIGNA MAGNUS compared to the predicate device.

        Determination of        Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
        Substantial Equivalence:   SIGNA MAGNUS and the predicate device were subject to
                                       similar risk management testing to demonstrate
                                     substantial equivalence of safety and performance.


.

SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     Attachment 15 – 510(k) Summary


                                    Testing to the following voluntary standards included:
                                    • ANSI AAMI ES60601-1
                                    • IEC 60601-1-2
                                    • IEC 60601-2-33
                                    • IEC 62304
                                    • IEC 60601-1-6
                                    • IEC 62366-1
                                    • IEC62464-1
                                    • ISO 10993-1

                                       In addition, SIGNA MAGNUS complies with applicable
                       NEMA MS standards for MRI and NEMA PS3 standard for
                             DICOM, as does the predicate device.

                               Both SIGNA MAGNUS and the predicate device have
                               demonstrated successful biocompatibility, as
                               demonstrated by ISO 10993 testing and by their history
                                    of use in previously cleared devices.

                              The following quality assurance measures were applied
                                   to the development of the subject device, as they were
                                      for the predicate device:
                                    • Risk Analysis
                                    • Requirements Reviews
                                    • Design Reviews
                                    • Verification
                                    • Validation

                                      Verification documents, validation documents, and test
                                   reports have been provided for more details. No new
                                  questions of safety and effectiveness were raised during
                                      nonclinical testing.

                           Summary of Clinical Tests:
                              The subject of this premarket submission, SIGNA
                        MAGNUS did not require clinical studies to support
                                     substantial equivalence. Sample clinical images have
                             been included in this submission. The sample clinical
                               images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic image
                               performance of SIGNA MAGNUS in accordance with the
                           FDA Guidance “Submission of Premarket Notifications for
                                Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on


.

SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     Attachment 15 – 510(k) Summary

                                October 10, 2023. The image quality of SIGNA MAGNUS
                                                 is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate device.

                                     Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
                              The indications for use of the proposed device are
                               comparable to the claimed predicate device. SIGNA
                        MAGNUS employs equivalent technology to the claimed
                                   predicate device.
                                      Additionally, the results from the above non-clinical tests
                               demonstrate that the device performs as intended.
                                   Therefore, SIGNA MAGNUS is substantially equivalent to
                                 the predicate device to which it has been compared.

        Conclusion:                  In conclusion, GE Healthcare considers SIGNA MAGNUS
                                   to be at least as safe and effective, and its performance is
                                      substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


.