August 27, 2024

Overjet, Inc
c/o Deepthi Paknikar
Associate Director of Regulatory and Clinical Affairs
50 Milk Street, 16th Floor
BOSTON, MA 02109


Re: K241684
    Trade/Device Name:  Overjet Charting Assist
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 11, 2024
    Received: August 7, 2024

Dear Deepthi Paknikar:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP), “Predetermined Change Control Plan ‘PCCP’ for Overjet Charting Assist,”
Revision V1. Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not required for a change
to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an established PCCP
granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new premarket notification


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K241684 - Deepthi Paknikar                                                           Page  2


is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device, or if there is a change or
modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, e.g., a
significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy source, or
manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major change or
modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device that could
significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification would be
required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit such a
premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and 502(o)
of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K241684 - Deepthi Paknikar                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K241684
Device Name
 Overjet Charting Assist

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS) intended
 to detect natural dental structures including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel, pulp), and tooth
 numbering, as well as dental structures added through past restorative treatments: implants, crowns,
 endodontic treatment (previous root canal treatment), fillings.
 The device is intended to assist dental professionals in producing dental charts based on image
 analysis. The Overjet Charting Assist detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and periapical (PA)
 images for patients with primary and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and panoramic (Pano)
 radiographs for patients with only permanent teeth.

 The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete clinician's review or clinical judgment
 that considers other relevant information from the image or patient history.

 This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K241684 - 510 (k) Summary

Applicant Name: Overjet, Inc
Applicant Address: 50 Milk Street 16th Floor Boston MA 02109 United States
Applicant Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612
Applicant Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar
Applicant Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@overjet.ai
Correspondent Name: Overjet, Inc
Correspondent Address: 50 Milk Street 16th Floor Boston MA 02109 United States
Correspondent Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612
Correspondent Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar
Correspondent Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@overjet.ai
Date Prepared: August 8th, 2024


Device Trade Name: Overjet Charting Assist
Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number: 892.2050
Product Code: QIH

Legally Marketed Predicate Device: Overjet Charting Assist
Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number: 892.2050
Predicate Product Code: QIH
Predicate K number: K233590

Device Description Summary

Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS) device
aimed to assist dental professionals in detecting dental structures and producing dental charting data
based on interpretation of 2D dental radiographs. The device is intended to detect natural dental
structures including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel, pulp), and tooth numbering, as well as dental
structures added through past restorative treatments: implants, crowns, endodontic treatment (previous
root canal treatment), fillings. The device is intended to assist dental professionals in producing dental
charts based on image analysis.

The Overjet Charting Assist detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and periapical (PA) images for
patients with primary and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and panoramic (Pano) radiographs for
patients with only permanent teeth. The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete
clinician's review or clinical judgment that considers other relevant information from the image or
patient history.


Overjet, Inc                                                                       Page 1

This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).

Intended Use/Indications for Use


Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS) intended to
detect natural dental structures including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel, pulp), and tooth
numbering, as well as dental structures added through past restorative treatments: implants, crowns,
endodontic treatment (previous root canal treatment), fillings. The device is intended to assist dental
professionals in producing dental charts based on image analysis.

The Overjet Charting Assist detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and periapical (PA) images for
patients with primary and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and panoramic (Pano) radiographs for
patients with only permanent teeth. The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete
clinician's review or clinical judgment that considers other relevant information from the image or
patient history.

This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).

Indications for Use Comparison

The Overjet Charting Assist predicate device (K233590) and the subject Overjet Charting Assist
Device are identical except that the subject device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan
(PCCP). There are no other differences between both devices, and the device features, incorporated
models, indications for use, indicated patient population, and all other device aspects remained
unchanged. The only difference between the predicate device and the subject device is the inclusion of
a PCCP for the subject device.

Technological Comparison

The only difference in technological characteristics between the subject and predicate devices is the
inclusion of a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) for the subject device.

This PCCP outlines the process for evaluating and implementing modifications, specifically aimed at
reducing false positives and false negatives based on real-world data. Modifications will be applied
manually (non-automatically) across all devices. This approach ensures that any changes enhance the
device's clinical utility and reliability while maintaining compliance with the original intended use and
performance standards.

The PCCP includes a modification protocol that details the requirements for verification and validation
activities supporting the proposed changes. The modification protocol incorporates impact assessment
considerations and specifies detailed requirements for data management, including data sources,
collection, documentation, and re-use practices. Specific requirements are in place for meeting
performance criteria, and importantly, if a specific modification fails performance evaluation, the
failure(s) will be documented as part of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process in the


Overjet, Inc                                                                       Page 2

form of a controlled document (report), and the modification will not be implemented. A summary of the
PCCP and modification protocol description is provided in the table below:


 PCCP Details                                  Description

 Modification Overview                        Improve performance by reducing false positive
                                             and false negative outputs based on post-market
                                             and real-world data. Specifically, improvements
                                                        resulting from re-training the ML model with new
                                                         data.

 Rationale                                Aims to enhance clinical utility by improving the
                                                     device’s accuracy, ensuring reliable data for
                                                      precise charting, and supporting high-quality
                                                        patient care and documentation.

 Performance Evaluation Activity                     Identical to the acceptance criteria and standalone
                                                  study protocol for the pre-modified version of the
                                                  device cleared in K233590. Primary endpoints
                                                        will be the main acceptance criteria, other
                                                  endpoints and additional analyses will be
                                                conducted and reviewed for any major drop in
                                                 performance.


                                                                  If a specific modification fails performance
                                                      evaluation, failure(s) will be documented, and the
                                                   modification will not be implemented.

 Implementation                             The modification will be implemented manually
                                                   (non-automatic) across all devices on the market
                                                        in a uniform manner (global adaptation).

 Impact on Indications/Intended Use             The modification will not affect the indications or
                                                   intended use of the Overjet Charting Assist
                                                     device, as cleared under K233590.

 Release                                   The PCCP does not include any provisions for
                                                 implementation of adaptive algorithms that will
                                                   continuously learn in the field. In accordance with
                                                     the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be
                                                          trained, tuned, and locked prior to release of the
                                                   software to the field.

 Instructions for Use                  A procedure for updating Instructions for Use
                                                  updates has been established in order to inform
                                                     users about algorithm changes implemented under
                                                            this FDA-authorized PCCP, including a summary


Overjet, Inc                                                                       Page 3

of the changes and a characterization of algorithm
                                                 performance. Overjet will publish and
                                            communicate the updated Instructions for Use
                                                 with customers.


Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

Since the device remains unchanged from the Overjet Charting Assist Device cleared under K233590,
no additional performance testing was conducted, and the existing data from the previous testing
remains applicable.

Both the predicate device and the Overjet Charting Assist device share the same intended purpose.The
subject and predicate devices are identical, with the only difference being a PCCP being included for
the subject device. Despite minor technological differences,which is only the inclusion of a PCCP in
this submission, these differences in technological features do not raise concerns regarding safety or
effectiveness. The verification and validation testing and predefined Acceptance Criteria set for the
standalone study are aligned with current dental practices and are deemed suitable for demonstrating
that the Overjet Charting Assist functions according to specifications, meeting user needs and intended
uses.

Conclusion

Both the predicate device and the Overjet Charting Assist device share the same intended purpose.
Despite minor technological differences, these differences in technological features do not raise
concerns regarding safety or effectiveness. Following the information reviewed as part of this 510k, it
can be concluded that the Overjet Charting Assist is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


Overjet, Inc                                                                       Page 4