May 14, 2025

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Xin Gao
RA Manager
No. 2258 Chengbei Rd. Jiading District
Shanghai, 201807
China

Re: K242624
    Trade/Device Name: Medical Image Post-processing Software (uOmnispace.CT)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 3, 2025
    Received: April 3, 2025

Dear Xin Gao:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242624 - Xin Gao                                                                   Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K242624 - Xin Gao                                                                   Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
Indications for Use (Describe)
uOmnispace.CT is a software for viewing, manipulating, evaluating and analyzing medical images. It
supports interpretation and evaluation of examinations within healthcare institutions. It has the
following additional indications:
0 The uOmnispace.CT Colon Analysis application is intended to provide the user a tool to enable
easy visualization and efficient evaluation of CT volume data sets of the colon.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Dental Application is intended to provide the user a tool to reconstruct
panoramic and paraxial views of jaw.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Lung Density Analysis application is intended to segment pulmonary, lobes,
and airway, providing the user quantitative parameters, structure information to evaluate the lung
and airway.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Lung Nodule application is intended to provide the user a tool for the review
and analysis of thoracic CT images, providing quantitative and characterizing information about
nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies.
0 The Vessel Analysis application is intended to provide a tool for viewing, manipulating, and
evaluating CT vascular images.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Brain Perfusion application is intended to calculate the parameters such as:
CBV, CBF, etc. in order to analyze functional blood flow information about a region of interest (ROI)
in brain.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Heart application is intended to segment heart and extract coronary artery. It
also provides analysis of vascular stenosis, plaque and heart function.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Calcium Scoring application is intended to identify calcifications and
calculate the calcium score.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Dynamic Analysis application is intended to support visualization of the CT
datasets over time with the 3D/4D display modes.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Bone Structure Analysis application is intended to provide visualization and
labels for the ribs and spine, and support batch function for intervertebral disk.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Liver Evaluation application is intended to provide processing and
visualization for liver segmentation and vessel extraction. It also provides a tool for the user to
perform liver separation and residual liver segments evaluation.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Dual Energy is a post-processing software package that accepts UIH CT
images acquired using different tube voltages and/or tube currents of the same anatomical location.
The Dual Energy application is intended to provide information on the chemical composition of the
scanned body materials and/or contrast agents. Additionally, it enables images to be generated at
multiple energies within the available spectrum.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Cardiovascular Combined Analysis is an image analysis software package
for evaluating contrast enhanced CT images. The CT Cardiovascular Combined Analysis is intended
to analyze vascular and cardiac structures.It can be used in the qualitative and quantitative for the
analysis of head-neck, abdomen, multi-body part combined, TAVR (Transcatheter Aortic Valve
Replacement) CT data as input for the planning of cardiovascular procedures.
0 The uOmnispace.CT Body Perfusion is intended to analyze blood flow information of dynamic CT

images, by providing various perfusion-related parameters of the body parts.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
4} Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242624


 Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

                  510 (k) SUMMARY

1.  Date of Preparation:
    August 30, 2024

2.  Sponsor Identification

    Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co.,Ltd.
    No.2258 Chengbei Rd. Jiading District, 201807, Shanghai, China

    Establishment Registration Number: 3011015597

    Contact Person: Xin GAO
    Position: Regulatory Affairs Specialist
     Tel: +86-021-67076888-5386
    Fax: +86-021-67076889
    Email: xin.gao@united-imaging.com

3.  Identification of Proposed Device

   Trade Name: Medical Image Post-processing Software (uOmnispace.CT)
   Common Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Model(s): uOmnispace.CT

    Regulatory Information
    Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Classification: II
    Product Code: QIH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   Review Panel: Radiology

4.  Identification of Predicate Device(s)

    Predicate Device
    510(k) Number: K233209
    Device Name: uOmnispace.CT

    Reference Device
    510(k) Number: K193289


                              Page 1 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

    Device Name: FastStroke, CT Perfusion 4D

5.  Device Description

The uOmnispace.CT is a post-processing software based on the uOmnispace platform for
viewing, manipulating, evaluating and analyzing medical images, can run alone or with
other advanced commercially cleared applications.

uOmnispace.CT contains the following applications:
          uOmnispace.CT Calcium Scoring
          uOmnispace.CT Lung Nodule
          uOmnispace.CT Colon Analysis
          uOmnispace.CT Lung Density Analysis
          uOmnispace.CT Dental Application
          uOmnispace.CT Bone Structure Analysis
          uOmnispace.CT Dual Energy
          uOmnispace.CT Vessel Analysis
          uOmnispace.CT Heart
          uOmnispace.CT Brain Perfusion
          uOmnispace.CT Dynamic Analysis
          uOmnispace.CT Liver Evaluation
          uOmnispace.CT Cardiovascular Combined Analysis
          uOmnispace.CT Body Perfusion

The modifications performed on the uOmnispace.CT (K233209) in this submission is
due to the following changes that include:
    Add new application of Body Perfusion.
    Extend intended patient population for some applications
    Introduce deep-learning algorithm in applications of Lung Density Analysis,
        Vessel Analysis, Heart, Liver Evaluation and Cardiovascular Combined Analysis.

These modifications do not affect the intended use or alter the fundamental scientific
technology of the device

6.  Indications for use

uOmnispace.CT is a software for viewing, manipulating, evaluating and analyzing
medical images. It supports interpretation and evaluation of examinations within
healthcare institutions. It has the following additional indications:
   The uOmnispace.CT Colon Analysis application is intended to provide the user a
     tool to enable easy visualization and efficient evaluation of CT volume data sets of
    the colon.
   The uOmnispace.CT Dental Application is intended to provide the user a tool to
    reconstruct panoramic and paraxial views of jaw.


                              Page 2 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

   The uOmnispace.CT Lung Density Analysis application is intended to segment
    pulmonary, lobes, and airway, providing the user quantitative parameters, structure
    information to evaluate the lung and airway.
   The uOmnispace.CT Lung Nodule application is intended to provide the user a tool
     for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images, providing quantitative and
    characterizing information about nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the
    time course of several thoracic studies.
   The uOmnispace.CT Vessel Analysis application is intended to provide a tool for
    viewing, manipulating, and evaluating CT vascular images.
   The uOmnispace.CT Brain Perfusion application is intended to calculate the
    parameters such as: CBV, CBF, etc. in order to analyze functional blood flow
    information about a region of interest (ROI) in brain.
   The uOmnispace.CT Heart application is intended to segment heart and extract
    coronary artery. It also provides analysis of vascular stenosis, plaque and heart
    function.
   The uOmnispace.CT Calcium Scoring application is intended to identify
     calcifications and calculate the calcium score.
   The uOmnispace.CT Dynamic Analysis application is intended to support
    visualization of the CT datasets over time with the 3D/4D display modes.
   The uOmnispace.CT Bone Structure Analysis application is intended to provide
    visualization and labels for the ribs and spine, and support batch function for
     intervertebral disk.
   The uOmnispace.CT Liver Evaluation application is intended to provide processing
    and visualization for liver segmentation and vessel extraction. It also provides a tool
    for the user to perform liver separation and residual liver segments evaluation.
   The uOmnispace.CT Dual Energy is a post-processing software package that accepts
   UIH CT images acquired using different tube voltages and/or tube currents of the
   same anatomical location. The Dual Energy application is intended to provide
    information on the chemical composition of the scanned body materials and/or
    contrast agents. Additionally, it enables images to be generated at multiple energies
    within the available spectrum.
   The uOmnispace.CT Cardiovascular Combined Analysis is an image analysis
    software package for evaluating contrast enhanced CT images. The CT
    Cardiovascular Combined Analysis is intended to analyze vascular and cardiac
     structures.It can be used in the qualitative and quantitative for the analysis of headneck, abdomen, multi-body part combined, TAVR (Transcatheter Aortic Valve
    Replacement) CT data as input for the planning of cardiovascular procedures.
   The uOmnispace.CT Body Perfusion is intended to analyze blood flow information
    of dynamic CT images, by providing various perfusion-related parameters of the
    body parts.


                              Page 3 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com


7. Summary of Technological Characteristics

   The technology characteristics of uOmnispace.CT, reflected in this 510(k) submission
    are substantially equivalent to those of the predicate devices.
   The following tables compare the main features, principles of operation, fundamental
     scientific technology and intended use of uOmnispace.CT when compared to the
    predicate devices.


                              Page 4 of 26

which      not and                                                                            the             will   the                                                                                  the                                                                                                                                           device                                                                                                 more    in                                                                                                     than device,          sections.      safety of                                                                         one                                                                                           the                                                                                                                                                                                         proposed                                                    difference                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      discussed                        Remark           Same  Same Same Same Same                                                                                   Substantial Equivalence The includes application predicate is following This impact effectiveness device.
                                                                                                Colon to enable
                                    for                                                                                                                                                                                                         efficient setsdata      Dental provide  ofviews        Density to and user structure                                           to                                                                        processing                                       and supports of                                                                                                                                                                  intended                                                     to reconstruct                         intended lobes, the                            It                      and                          is   and                             Lung is                                                                                     tool          to                                                                                                                                  evaluating                                                                                                                                                           following   a      volume                                                                                                software                                healthcare                                                                                            paraxial
            a                                                                                                                                                                                                                    intended                                                    the                                                                                                              tool                                                                                                  images. evaluation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               parameters,                                                                                     user  CT                        is                                                     is                                                                                      and                                               of                            a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                providing                                              (K233209)                                                    has                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       pulmonary,                                             and within                                                                        management                                                                                                                                                                                                                               application                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             application                                                                the                                  It              uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                  medical                                      indications:                                         visualization      colon.                        Device                                                                                                                manipulating,                                                      user                            uOmnispace.CT                                    image                                                                                   892.2050                                           the                                                          The Analysis provide easy evaluation of The application the panoramic jaw. The Analysis segment airway, quantitative                               CFR                                    Predicate uOmnispace.CT        Medical system QIH 21 II Radiology uOmnispace.CT viewing, analyzing interpretation examinations institutions. additional                                                                                          26
                                                                              of                                         to               of    to
                                       5                                                                                                  and                                                                                                                                       user                                                                                                Colon                                                                                                                                enable                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Density                                                                                                                                                                                                         efficient setsdata      Dental provide                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         structure                                                                                                                                                           Page                                                                                                                                               views                                    for                                           to                                                                        processing                                       and supports of                                                                                                     the                                                     to reconstruct                                                                                                                                                                  intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              intended                                                                                                                                                                                                    lobes,                      and              It          is   and                             Lung is                                                                                     tool          to                                                                                                                                  evaluating                     a      volume                                                                                                software                                healthcare following                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     paraxial

            a                                                                                                                                                                                                                    intended                                                                                                              tool                                                                                                  images. evaluation   the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               parameters,                                                                                     user  CT                        is                                                     is                                                                                      and                                               of                            a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                providing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       pulmonary,                                                                        management                        and within has                       application                                                                                                                   application                                                                the                                  It              uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                  medical                                      indications:                                         visualization      colon.                        Device                                                                                                                manipulating,                                                      user                            uOmnispace.CT                                    image                                                                                   892.2050                                           the                                                          The Analysis provide easy evaluation of The application the panoramic jaw. The Analysis segment airway, quantitative                               CFR         67076889Ltd.                                Proposed uOmnispace.CT        Medical system QIH 21 II Radiology uOmnispace.CT viewing, analyzing interpretation examinations institutions. additional          
     (21)Co.,
      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888                                                     Number      Panel
                                                                                UseUnited (21)                                                                                Classification    Code      Class
   +86                                           GeneralShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com       Item             Device Name Product Regulation Device Classification                                                                                                          Intended

lung                              Nodule provide and images, and about single                                                                                       such analyze  in
           a                                                                                                                            (ROI)                         of      Vessel to viewing, CT     Brain intended as:         the                                                                                                                                      Heart segment Itartery. vascular function. Calcium to and
                                             to            to                                           review                                                        to  of                 intended                                                                          course                 intended        is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     information                CT    in                                                                                                                                                                                                                   score.                    Lung                                                                  is                               is for evaluating                                                               heart                     the                 time                                                                                               flow interest                                             lung                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        coronary                                                                                                           studies.                        evaluate                                                                                              order                                             in                                                                                             and                     for                                                                                                                 information                                     the                                                  of                                                     and                                parameters                                                 intended                                                                                                               quantitative                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                analysis                                                                                                                                                                                                                               intended                                                                  tool      to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              calcifications calcium                                                                 thoracic      the            is                                                                 the etc.        is                             tool                                                                                                                       blood                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   application
                a                                                 over                                                                                                          the                                                                                                                                                                          application                                                                                                                                                                                                           extract      plaque       a of    in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            application                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                  images. uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                     region                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                         or thoracic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 uOmnispace.CT                                                                                           CBF,                         a                                                                                       and provides                            airway. uOmnispace.CT    user                                 information and The application the analysis providing characterizing nodules study, several The Analysis provide manipulating, vascular The Perfusion calculateto CBV, functional about brain. The application heart also stenosis, The Scoring identify calculate

                                             26
                                                                              of                         of    to        to      in      It      to                                                                 as:                     and                                                                                                      and    6            lung                            and about single                                                                                      Vessel                                                                                                                                                               analyze                              Nodule provide                                                         images,                                                                                                                                      Heart segment                                                                                                                                                                                                           artery. vascular           a                                                                                       such                                                                                                                            (ROI)                                                                                                                                    viewing, CT     Brain         the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       function. Calcium                                                                                                                                                           Page                                                                          course                                             to            to                                                                                                                                                                     intended                                                        to                                                                                                                            intended                                           review                                                            of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     information                       in                CT                                                                                                                                                                                                                   score.                                         is                    Lung                                                                                                                                                           heart  is                               is for evaluating                     the                 time                                                                                               flow interest                                             lung                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        coronary                        evaluate                                                                                              order                                             in                                                                                                           studies.                                                                                             and                                                                                                                 information                     for                                     the                                                  of                                                     and                                                 intended                                                                                                               quantitative                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                analysis                                                                                                                                                                                                                               intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                         parameters                                                                  tool      to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              calcifications calcium            is                                                                 thoracic      the                                          etc.        is                             tool                                                                              blood
                a                                                 over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   application the                                                                                                          the                                                                                                                                                                          application                                                                                                                                                                                                           extract      plaque       a of    in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            application                                                                                                                                  images. uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                     region              uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                         or thoracic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 uOmnispace.CT                                                                                       and provides                            airway. uOmnispace.CT    user                                                          CBF, a                                 information and The application the analysis providing characterizing nodules study, several The Analysis provide manipulating, vascular The Perfusion calculate CBV, functional about brain. The application heart also stenosis, The Scoring identify calculate
         67076889Ltd.                          
     (21)Co.,
      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)Shanghai +86Tel:    www.united-imaging.com

to                                     for          CT                                                                              tool                                                                                                            liver                                                                                                       liver                                                 and liver                                                                                                                                    body                                 Bone is
                    a                                                                                                               vessel                              3D/4D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               agents.                                                                                                                                               Energy                                                                                                                                                                                                                         provide               the                                                                                                                                                                                                                               currents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  different                                                                                                                                                                                                      software CT                                                                        Liver intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     location. Energy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 chemical                     Dynamic to                                                                             UIH                                                                                                                                                                                                                   images                                                              to                                  and                  the                               is                                intended          of                                                                                                                                     visualization spine,                                                                                               Dual                                                                                                                        Dual                                                                                                   function                                                                                                                tube        is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        scanned                                                                                                     application                                                                                                                                                perform                                                     for                                                                                                the                                             ribs                                                                                                                                                                             residual                                                        and                                                                                                                                                             provides                                                                                                                                      using                        with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 contrast                                                                                                                                                                     processing                                                                                                   the        enables                                         to                             accepts                                  the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        intended on                                                              batch disk.                     also                                                                                                                                                                       and/or anatomical                        time                                                                  of  it                                                                 and                                                                        provide                                  for                                   application      It                     is                                                                                                                                                                                                             and/or                                                                          Analysis                                                                                                       that                                                                                   user            evaluation.                     to                                                                                                                                                                                                                       acquired                                            application visualization over                                                                                                          uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    post-processing                                           modes.                                                                                                                    same                                       uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                                                               voltages              uOmnispace.CT                                                                    labels                                                                                      support                      provide         the                            uOmnispace.CT a                                                                                       the         The Analysis support datasets display The Structure intended and and intervertebral The Evaluation to visualization segmentation extraction. for separation segments The is package images tube of The application information composition materials Additionally,

                                                     26
                                                                              of

                                       7        to CT      is      for         and        tool          CT      is on the  it at

                    a                                                                of and/or               the                              3D/4D    Bone             spine,           Liver intended     liver vessel                                                                                                       liver liver      Energy software                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  different currents location.                                                                                                                                                           Page                     Dynamic                                                                             UIH                                  and                  the                               is                                intended          of                                                                                                                                     visualization                                                                                               Dual                                                                                                   function                                                                                                                tube        is                                                                                                     application                                             ribs                                                     for and provides perform residual                                                                      be                                                                                                                                      using                        with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          application information                            Additionally, generated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          materials                                                                                                                                                                     processing                                                                      to                                                                                                                                                                                     accepts                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 composition                                                                              also to                                                              batch disk.                                                                                                                                                                       and/or anatomical                        time             the                                                                        provide                               and                                  for                                   application      It                                                        Energy provide                                                                                                       that                                                                          Analysis to                                                                                   user            evaluation.                                                                                                                                    body agents.                                                              to                                                                                                                                                                                                                       acquired                                            application visualization over                                                                                                          uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                                                                                                                                                                                                                   images                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    post-processing                                           modes.                                                                                                                    same                                       uOmnispace.CT                                                                    labels                                                                                                                                                                                                                               voltages    Dual         chemical                                                                                      support                      provide         the                            uOmnispace.CT a                                                                                       the         The Analysis support datasets display The Structure intended and and intervertebral The Evaluation to visualization segmentation extraction. for separation segments The is package images tube of The intended the scanned contrast enables
         67076889Ltd.                   
     (21)Co.,
      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)Shanghai +86Tel:    www.united-imaging.com

1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Substantially (Note
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Remark           Functional Equivalent Same    Same


                         It
                                        and of
                                                                                             input                                                                                  Combined analyze                        energies                 Combined analysis evaluating The                       to                                                                                                                                                          multi-body TAVR Valve for                                     as                                                                                                                     (K233209)                                                                                                                   analysis                                                                images.                                                                                                                                        structures.                                    spectrum. uOmnispace.CT     image for CT                                   qualitative the             Aortic data cardiovascular                                                                 Device                        multiple                                        the          of                                     CT      at      an                                                                                          intended cardiac in for abdomen,                                    available    is package    is                                      combined,                                     and                                                                                                                                                                            Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes   Yes   Yes                                                                          enhanced            the                                 used                                                                                                                                                Cardiovascular                                                                                                                                                             planning                           be                           generated      be within The Cardiovascular Analysis software contrast CT Analysis vascular can quantitative head-neck, part (Transcatheter Replacement) the procedures.                                                                                                                                                                                                              device

                                                                        26
                                                                              of         the                The         and of         for                   the                              Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes   Yes   Yes   8                                                                                                                                                                              various                                                                                                                                                                      dynamic                                                                                             input                                                    of                                                Page                                                 Combined analysis evaluating                                                                                  Combined analyze                                             to                                                                                                                                                          multi-body TAVR Valve                       to                                                of                                     as                                                                                                                                                                structures.It                                                                                                                   analysis                                                                images.                  within                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  cardiovascular    Body analyze                         for                                                                                                                                                   qualitative                                                                  uOmnispace.CT     image  CT             the             Aortic data                                                               parameters                                                                                                                                                                                                                               providing                                                                                      cardiac              an                                     CT                         intended                                                                                          intended                                                  by                           in for abdomen,                                             is information                                                                                                                                                    combined,                       is              is package                        energies spectrum.                         the          of                                     and                                                                          enhanced                                                                                                                                                     uOmnispace.CT                                                     used                                                                                                                                                Cardiovascular                                                                                               flow             parts.                                                                                                                                                             planning                           be                                                                         images,                        multiple available The Cardiovascular Analysis software contrast CT Analysis vascular can quantitative head-neck, part (Transcatheter Replacement) the procedures. The Perfusion blood CT perfusion-related body                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Analysis      Editing         67076889Ltd.                                                        name
     (21)Co.,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Segmentation        Density      Contour
      Fax：+86                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Function    Lung    Lung    LungHealthcare
Imaging 67076888                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Analysis
United (21)
   +86                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               DensityShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Application    Lung

1)                                                                                          Substantially (Note
                    Remark    Same    Functional Equivalent Same  Same  Same  Same          Remark    Same Same Same Same Same Same Same Same
                                        (K233209)                                                                                                        (K233209)
                    Device                                                                      Device
                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes   Yes Yes Yes Yes               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes

                    device                                                                      device

                                                                              26
                                                                              of                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes   Yes Yes Yes Yes             Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes              9
                                                                                                                                                           Page

                                                               Editing                           and                                                                                                                                Template
                                                                                                                                                                                 analysis             analysis ROI                                                                  Segmentation                            Editing                                                                                                                                                                                                  Definition    Calculation             and                                                                   Print                                                                                           Extraction                                                            curve                      Print         67076889                    lobes                                                                              ROILtd.                                                                                               Analysis              name                                                              Map                                                                Name                                                                                                                     Artery                                                                                                                                                                                                      penumbra                                                                                   Segmentation    Tree   Contour     (21)                                                                                                                                                                                     CorrectionCo.,                                                                                             Report,                                                          and                                                 Report,      Fax：+86               Function          Pulmonary   Airway       Airway   Airway     Statistical  Save,             Function       Motion Vein   Parameter    Time-density Tmax   Ischemic   Symmetric  Save,Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)
   +86                                                                                                                                                                   PerfusionShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                                     Application                                                                                                                                Application      Brain

1)  1)                                                                                                            Substantially (Note Substantially (Note
                    Remark    Same  Same    Functional Equivalent Functional Equivalent Same  Same  Same  Same  Same  Same         Remark    Same  Same  Same          Remark    Same  Same Same  Same
                                        (K233209)                                                                                                                                                               (K233209)                                                             (K233209)
                    Device                                                                                                          Device                                         Device
                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes   Yes   Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes             Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes  Yes  Yes               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes

                    device                                                                                                          device                                         device

                                                                              26
                                                                              of                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes   Yes   Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes            Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes  Yes  Yes             Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes             10
                                                                                                                                                           Page


                                                                                                                                 score                                                                                                         Extraction                                                                   Assessment                                                              Rendering     Segmentation                                                                                                  Print                                           segmentation          Print                                       Print                                       Loading                                                                                                                                            Extraction         67076889                                                                                        name                                                                                                                                                                                    Calcium              nameLtd.                                                               Artery                                                                                                                        name    Ribs  Spine                                                                                                                         sites                                                                                                                           Analysis                                                               Tools                                                                                                                                      Analysis   function     (21)                                                                                                                                                                                               Report,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Report,Co.,                                                              Realistic   Chamber                                                                                                                                         Report,
                           Function            Multi-Phase  Hyper  Heart         Coronary        Editing    Centerline   Stenosis  Plaque   Cardiac  Save,            Function        Calcium     Calculate   Save,             Function         Labeling   Labeling  Batch  Save,      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)                                                                                                                                                               Scoring   +86                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                StructureShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                                     Application      Heart                                                                                                                                                                           Application        Calcium                                                    Application    Bone Analysis

1)        1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Substantially (Note                                      Substantially (Note
                    Remark    Same  Same  Same  Same  Same  Same         Remark    Same     Functional Equivalent Same  Same    Functional Equivalent Same  Same  Same  Same  Same    Same  Same
                                        (K233209)                                                                                                (K233209)
                    Device                                                                Device
                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes             Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes   Yes Yes Yes   Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes   Yes Yes

                    device                                                                device

                                                                              26
                                                                              of                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes            Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes   Yes Yes Yes   Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes   Yes Yes               11
                                                                                                                                                           Page


                                                                                              and                                                                                                                                                                                                                              correction
                                                                    Display                                                                                                                                     manual                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Computation                                                 3D/4D                                  and                                                                              Display                                                viewing                             and         Print                                                                                                          Print         67076889       nameLtd.                                             Vein            name                                                                    Editing                                                   Territories                                   phase                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Planning                                                       correction                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Segmentation                  Extraction                                 and     (21)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Report,                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Segments                                                                                        Report,                                 Selection      SegmentationCo.,                                                          Removal   Loading                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Segmentation                           Function       Motion   Multiple  Bone  Data  Artery  Save,            Function      Phase  Liver       Lesion Rib  Vessel         Vascular  Liver   Virtual RFA   Vascular visualization Measurement  Save,      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)                                            Analysis
   +86                                                                                                                                                                            EvaluationShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                                     Application        Dynamic                                                                                              Application      Liver

Remark    Same  Same  Same  Same             Same  Same                 Same  Same  Same         Remark    Same  Same  Same  Same  Same  Same

                                        (K233209)                                                                                                                                                                                                 (K233209)
                    Device                                                                                                                                 Device
                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes          Yes Yes             Yes Yes Yes             Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes

                    device                                                                                                                                 device

                                                                              26
                                                                              of                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes          Yes Yes             Yes Yes Yes            Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes               12
                                                                                                                                                           Page
                                                      acid- Material                            stones                                                                                                                   stones,    uric
                                                                                            gout,                                                                                                                               Water-Iodine, Uric Base                  acid                                                                              gout                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           printing)                                          Image                                          kidney     joint                                                                                            Images                                 of  of acid                                                          size                                                                                                                                            Plane                                                                                        Including          Liver-Fat                                     non-uric                                                  Ratio)                or                     Images
                                   Image                                                                                            Number analysis         analysis non-uric Images                                       Curve  Canals                            Image                                                                                                                                                                  Calcium-Iodine,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Operations                                          Noise   Images:                                        stones  or              Print                                                                                                          Print(True                                                                                                                                                                                contrast                                             Reference         Nerve             Display
Ltd.                                                                                                        name   the         67076889       name                                                                          Water-HAP,               Atomic    acid    gout Density                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Panoramic the                                                                  Non                                                                                                     VRT                                                                                                                                                                       Registration     (21)                                    Energetic   Enhanced                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Report,                                                                                                                                                                    Report,                                                                      SectionalCo.,                                                                              Material                                                                                                                                                   Component uric Component acid                                                                             image.                           Function    Mono  Mixed     CNR(Contrast  Base Water-Calcium, Calcium, Pair Image    Effective           Electron   Virtual  Save.            Function         Defining   Plotting   Marking  Cross  Dental  Save,      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)   +86                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Application                                 EnergyShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                                     Application    Dual                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Application       Dental

1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Substantially (Note
                    Remark    Same  Same  Same  Same  Same  Same  Same         Remark           Functional Equivalent Same  Same  Same    Same  Same        Remark    Same  Same  Same  Same  Same  Same
                                        (K233209)                                                                                                            (K233209)                                                                                                            (K233209)
                    Device                                                                        Device                                                                        Device
                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes             Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes   Yes Yes Yes   Yes Yes             Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes

                    device                                                                        device                                                                        device

                                                                              26
                                                                              of                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes            Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes   Yes Yes Yes   Yes Yes           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes        13
                                                                                                                                                           Page
                                                  Calculate                                     Analysis                                                                                           stenosis                                 and                                                                                                                                                      nodule                                                                    editing
                                                       Centerline             Line                                                                                                      vascular                                                                      and                                                                                                                                                                                                               Extraction    extraction                 and                                                   Calculation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 segmented                                                          Center                                                                               the                                                              Cleansing                                                                                                                                     vessel                                   Rendering                                                          Marking                             and                Print                                                     Print                                for  Print                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    centerlines                                                                                                                      name       Nodules  Analysis         67076889       name             Colon                                  nameLtd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Measurement                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Segmentation                                                  Polyps                                                                                                                                      Quantitative    Endoscopy                                                              and     (21)                                                Segmentation                                                                    editing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Report,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Realistic                                                                            Segmentation                                                                                                                                                                                   Report,Co.,                                                                                                  Report,                         removal                           Function      Colon    Electronic  Manual  Colon   Polyps’   Virtual  Save,            Function    Bone       Vessel      Semi-automatic   Vascular analysis Save,  Hyper           Function       Marking  Follow-up  Lung  Nodule    Measurement  Save,      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888
United (21)
   +86                                            Analysis                                                                                                Analysis                                                                        NoduleShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                                     Application      Colon                                                                                                             Application       Vessel                                                                                                            Application    Lung

1)             1)                                                                        Substantially (Note                                                                     Substantially (Note
                    Remark           Functional Equivalent                                                     Functional Equivalent                                  Same         Same                     Same

                                        (K233209)
                    Device
                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT Yes                   Yes                            Yes      Yes                Yes

                    device

                                                                              26
                                                                              of                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT Yes                   Yes                            Yes      Yes                Yes                   14
                                                                                                                                                           Page

          -                                                                                         and                                                                                  and
                                                                             vascular                                         and                                                                                                                         Heart                 location         Location
                             and                           of                                                                            Extraction extraction
                                                                                                                                                                                                annulus     ostia                                                                                                                                                                          Extraction                                          Assessment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Calculation                                                    vessel                   Rendering                   Rendering Segmentation                                                                                                                                                                          Display                                                                                                 Loading                                                                                    centerlines                                                                                                         Extraction                                            Aortic         Coronary                                                                                                      Artery                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             correction           correction                                                                                                          Measurement                                                                                                                                                                   Print                                                                                                                                                                 Analysis                                                                                      analysis                                                                                                                                                        tissue                                                                                          Tools                                                                                                                                                                         Analysis function                       and                                                                                                          Realistic                   Realistic Chamber         67076889       name               removalLtd.                                                                                                                                                                                                  Combined     (21)                                    analysis:                                                                                                                     Review:                        Evaluation:Co.,                                                                                                             Analysis:                                                                                                                                    Report,                          Bone Vessel Semi-automatic Vascular stenosis Hyper            Multi-Phase Hyper Heart Coronary Editing Centerline Stenosis Plaque Cardiac   The Vessels          Automatic manually Automatic manually Multi-parameter
                           Function       Vessel      Heart          Fusion      TAVR    Save,      Fax：+86Healthcare
Imaging 67076888                                        Analysis
United (21)Shanghai +86Tel:    www.united-imaging.com           Application                Cardiovascular Combined

2）     3）     4）     4）     5）     5）       as

                                                                                             the                                                                                                                                                                                                                         device
                                                              of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            functions                                           equivalent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      predicate                    Remark                      Functional Substantially  Equivalent（Note Functional Substantially  Equivalent（Note Functional Substantially  Equivalent（Note  Functional Substantially  Equivalent（Note  Functional Substantially  Equivalent（Note Functional Substantially  Equivalent（Note Same                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          equivalent                the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 effectiveness                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         substantively and         4D                                                                            and
                                                                      is                    Device                                                                                                                                                                                                                         device                                                                                                                                                                                         safety                                                                                                                                                                                which                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    substantively                                        Perfusion                                                                            the
                                                                                         the                               Reference CT (K193289) /  /       Yes       Yes  /  /  /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  proposed                                                                                                                                                                                         impact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   algorithms, the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               supports
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        doesn’t                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                correction between                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            algorithm                    Device                                                                                                                                                               device
                                                                                                                       This                                                                                                                                                                                                                   motion difference                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      predicate                                                                                                                                                 This             26                               Predicate uOmnispace.CT (K233209) Yes       Yes  /  /       Yes       Yes       Yes
                                                                                             the                      of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          algorithm.                                       non-rigid
                                                                                             and                      15
                                                                                                         and                    device                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (K233209).                         Page                                                                                                                                                                                         device                 rigid                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    deep-learning                 both                           Proposed uOmnispace.CT   Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       proposed                                      device.
                                                                                             the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          introduces                                           integrates uOmnispace.CT                                                                        in proposed
                                                                                                                the                                                                                                                                                                                        analysis                                   device between                    device
                                                                          of                                                                                                                                                                                     Calculation                                                                                                                   curve           Print                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Evaluation
Ltd.         67076889       Name                                    Map                                                                                                   proposed difference                          proposed                                                                  Correction                                                        Definition     (21)                                                                                                                                                                                     Liver                                                                                                                                                                                        Report,        the             theCo.,                                                                                                   Tools                                         This                                                                      effectiveness                                                                                                             and                           Function             Motion                            Segmentation              Vessel                     Parameter       ROI                           Time-density           Save,                              and      Fax：+86                                                                                                                                                                                                      device,                              device,Healthcare
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               safety                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (K233209).                                       PerfusionImaging                                                                                                              the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            predicate                                       predicate         67076888
                                                            to                                                                      to Brain                                                                                                                                                                                                                               device.United (21)                                                                        in                                                           Perfusion                                                                                                                                                                                  impact
                                       3                             1    2
                                                                                                                                                                                     thoseShanghai +86Tel:    www.united-imaging.com           Application         Body                                                                                                                  Note  Compared uOmnispace.CT proposed    Note  Compared as doesn't     Note

the                                                                                proposed
                                              the             and                                 difference                                               (K233209).                                                                    device.         of                                            substantively
       is                          device             This
                 which                                           proposed                             the                                                             effectiveness                                                                                                                                                                                           uOmnispace.CT                                   proposed                                 (K193289). of
                                              and             the       4D         in                                     algorithms,
                               between                                                                                 Perfusion safetythe                                                                              Perfusion effectiveness
                 CT and                  Brain                                        segmentation                                                                  impact
                             as                                            difference                 liver                          device safety
                  This                             the                                 doesn’t             auto                                                                                function          and                                       predicate                                                          impact                            device
                          the                                                             26                                            (K233209).                 to                                               equivalent                                                   of
                                                                              16                                      device.                       doesn’t                                          reference                                        segmentation                                              and                                                                                                  Page       HU         proposed                                                                                       equivalent device                                               substantively                                                         uOmnispace.CT the                                                      device             both
         in of                        the                                                                                                                 substantively referenceand                                                                                                                                           predicate                                  integrates         is                                     supports
                                              the                                            Evaluation                                                          device                                                                       effectiveness                                              and                    device                          device                            device                      Liver and
             and                                                            device                                                                                        predicate                                 safety         67076889               proposed                                                                      proposed                                     proposedLtd.                             the
     (21)            theCo.,        the             the              the                             and                                       Perfusion                                                                                proposed
                                              the      Fax：+86            device,      impact                device,                                 device,Healthcare                  Brain                          device
         in                                      doesn't                                                               betweenImaging                              predicate those                              predicate                                          predicate         67076888                                                                  proposed
       to as       to         to                                 deviceUnited (21)                             the   +86      4     5            differenceShanghai Tel:    www.united-imaging.com                           Compared equivalent predicate    Note  Compared between          Note  Compared This device.

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

8.  Performance Data

   The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial
    equivalence determination.

    Biocompatibility
    Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

    Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
    Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

    Software
    Software verification and validation testing was provided to demonstrate safety and
    efficacy of the proposed device. This includes a hazard analysis, and the potential
    hazards to satisfy the recommended documentation for basic documentation. These
    documentations include:
       Software Description
       Device Hazard Analysis
       Software Requirements Specification (SRS)
       Software Architecture Design Chart
       Software Development Environment Description
       Software Verification and Validation
       Cybersecurity Documents

   Animal Study
   No animal study was required.

    Clinical Studies
   No clinical study was required.

    Performance Verification
    These algorithms based on ML/AI method:
      Lung density Analysis - Lung segmentation algorithm
      Lung density Analysis - Airway segmentation algorithm
      Vessel Analysis - Automatic bone removal (Abdomen & Limbs) algorithm
      Vessel Analysis - Automatic bone removal (Head & Neck) algorithm
      Heart - Coronary artery extraction algorithm
      Heart - Heart chamber segmentation algorithm
      Liver Evaluation - Liver segmentation algorithm
      Liver Evaluation - Hepatic artery segmentation algorithm


                             Page 17 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

      Liver Evaluation - Portal vein segmentation algorithm
      Liver Evaluation - Hepatic vein segmentation algorithm

   To validate the uOmnispace.CT applications from a clinical perspective, the deep
    learning-based algorithm contained in the product underwent a scientific evaluation.
    More information about the testing on ML/AI algorithm is as follows:

    1. Lung density Analysis:

The performance testing for the AI-based lung segmentation algorithm and airway
segmentation algorithm was performed on 100 subjects during product development.

      Acceptance Criteria

In order to verify the effectiveness of the algorithm in the proposed device, we compared
the segmentation results with the ground truth. The validation type and acceptance
criteria is shown below：

Validation TypeAlgorithm         Acceptance Criteria
Dice          Lung segmentation  0.97
Dice          Airway segmentation0.86

      Testing Data Information

The test dataset comprises 100 cases of Chest CT scans, which covered different gender,
age (ages ranging from 1 month to 91 years old) and anatomical variants. The
information of distribution was as follows:

Subgroup          Distribution              Quantity
                F                       38
Sex
          M                      62
                      [0.1,12)                 36
                     [12,22)                  14
Age                 [22,60)                  22
                >=60                   25
               Unknown                3
Anatomical variation With anatomical variation   56
                   Without anatomical variation44


      Performance Testing Summary


                             Page 18 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

The results output by algorithm were compared with the reference standard, the value of
Dice coefficient was shown in the table below, which is higher than the acceptance
criteria:

Algorithm         Global performance (Dice Similarity Coefficient)
lung segmentation  0.9801
airway segmentation 0.8954

The subgroup analysis was conducted based on gender, age and anatomical variants. The
results were shown in the table below, demonstrating that the algorithms have good
generality across different subgroups:

Subgroup          Distribution            Lung segmentationAirway segmentation
                F                         0.9792            0.8957
Sex
          M                        0.9806            0.8951
                      [0.1,12)                   0.9792            0.8875
                     [12,22)                   0.9805            0.8929
Age                 [22,60)                   0.9813            0.907
                >=60                     0.9803            0.9023
               Unknown                 0.9779            0.9028
Anatomical variation With anatomical variation   0.9797            0.8931
                                                               0.8957                   Without anatomical variation0.9799


      Standard Annotation Process

For ground truth annotations, all ground truth are annotated by well-trained annotators.
Finally, a senior clinical specialist will check and modify annotations to make sure the
ground truth is correct.

      Testing & Training Data Independence

The training data used for the training of the Lung segmentation algorithm is
independent of the data used to test the algorithm.


   2. Vessel Analysis:

The performance testing for the AI-based bone removal algorithm was performed on 156
data subjects during product development.

      Acceptance Criteria


                             Page 19 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

In order to verify the effectiveness of the algorithm in the proposed device, we compared
the segmentation results with the ground truth. The validation type and acceptance
criteria is shown below：

Validation TypeAlgorithm                  Acceptance Criteria
Dice           Bone removal (Abdomen & Limbs)0.9

Dice           Bone removal (Head & Neck)     0.93


      Testing Data Information

The test dataset comprises 156 cases of CTA scans, which covered different gender, age
(ages ranging from 13 to 85 years old) and anatomical variants. The information of
distribution was as follows:

Subgroup          Distribution              Quantity
                F                       54
Sex        M                      96
               Unknown                6
                     [12,22)                  46
                     [22,60)                  41
Age
                >=60                   60
               Unknown                9
Anatomical variation With anatomical variation   28
                   Without anatomical variation128
Body parts        Abdomen & Limbs        98
                 Head & Neck             58


      Performance Testing Summary

The results output by algorithm were compared with the reference standard, the value of
Dice coefficient was shown in the table below, which is higher than the acceptance
criteria:

Algorithm                   Global performance (Dice Similarity Coefficient)
Bone removal (Abdomen & Limbs)0.96957
Bone removal (Head & Neck)     0.955

The subgroup analysis was conducted based on gender, age and anatomical variants. The
results were shown in the table below, demonstrating that the algorithms have good
generality across different subgroups:


                             Page 20 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

                                   Bone removal (Abdomen &  Bone removal (Head &
Subgroup       Distribution                                      Limbs)                    Neck)
             F                       0.9662                     0.955
Sex
        M                    0.9718                    0.955
                  [12,22)                0.9605                    0.94
Age              [22,60)                0.9743                    0.956
              >=60                 0.9723                    0.964
Anatomical     With anatomical        0.9683                    0.966
variation          variation
                Without anatomical     0.97                      0.958
                   variation


      Standard Annotation Process

For ground truth annotations, all ground truth are annotated by well-trained annotators.
Finally, a senior clinical specialist will check and modify annotations to make sure the
ground truth is correct.

      Testing & Training Data Independence

The training data used for the training of the Lung segmentation algorithm is
independent of the data used to test the algorithm.


   3. Heart:

The performance testing for the AI-based coronary artery extraction algorithm and heart
chamber segmentation algorithm was performed on 72 subjects during product
development.

      Acceptance Criteria

In order to verify the effectiveness of the algorithm in the proposed device, we compared
the segmentation results with the ground truth. The validation type and acceptance
criteria is shown below：

Validation TypeAlgorithm               Acceptance Criteria
Dice           Coronary artery extraction  0.870
Dice            Heart chamber segmentation0.910


      Testing Data Information


                             Page 21 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

The test dataset comprises 72 cases of CCTA scans, which covered different gender, age
(ages ranging from 12 to 92 years old) and anatomical variants. The information of
distribution was as follows:

Subgroup          Distribution              Quantity
                F                       17
Sex        M                      49
               Unknown                6
                     [12,22)                  12
                     [22,60)                  10
Age
                >=60                   35
               Unknown                15
Anatomical variation With anatomical variation   53
                   Without anatomical variation7
               Unknown                12


      Performance Testing Summary

The results output by algorithm were compared with the reference standard, the value of
Dice coefficient was shown in the table below, which is higher than the acceptance
criteria:

Algorithm                Global performance (Dice Similarity Coefficient)
Coronary artery extraction  0.916
Heart chamber segmentation 0.970

The subgroup analysis was conducted based on gender, age and anatomical variants. The
results were shown in the table below, demonstrating that the algorithms have good
generality across different subgroups:

                                  Coronary artery      Heart chamber
Subgroup        Distribution
                                         extraction             segmentation
              F                      0.915                  0.969
Sex       M                     0.918                  0.971
             Unknown              0.912                  0.963
                  [12,22)                0.908                  0.962
                  [22,60)                0.926                  0.974
Age
              >=60                  0.915                  0.971
             Unknown              0.920                  0.971
Anatomical      With anatomical        0.915                  0.970
variation          variation


                             Page 22 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

                Without anatomical     0.924                  0.971
                   variation
                                        0.908                  0.962             Unknown


      Standard Annotation Process

For ground truth annotations, all ground truth are annotated by well-trained annotators.
Finally, a senior clinical specialist will check and modify annotations to make sure the
ground truth is correct.

      Testing & Training Data Independence

The training data used for the training of the Lung segmentation algorithm is
independent of the data used to test the algorithm.


   4. Liver Evaluation:

The performance testing for the AI-based liver segmentation algorithm and hepatic artery
segmentation algorithm were performed on 74 subjects during product development.
The performance testing for the AI-based hepatic portal vein segmentation algorithm and
hepatic vein segmentation algorithm were performed on 80 subjects during product
development.


      Acceptance Criteria

In order to verify the effectiveness of the algorithm in the proposed device, we compared
the segmentation results with the ground truth. The validation type and acceptance
criteria is shown below：

Validation TypeAlgorithm                  Acceptance Criteria
Dice            Liver segmentation             0.97
Dice            Hepatic artery segmentation     0.85

Dice            Hepatic portal vein segmentation0.89

Dice            Hepatic vein segmentation      0.86


      Testing Data Information


                             Page 23 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

The test dataset of liver segmentation algorithm and hepatic artery segmentation
algorithm, comprises 74 cases of Chest CT scans, which covered different gender, age
(ages ranging from 12 to 100 years old) and anatomical variants. The information of
distribution was as follows:

Subgroup          Distribution              Quantity
                F                       17
Sex        M                      34
                unknown                23
                     [12,22)                  14
                     [22,60)                  23
Age
                >=60                   14
                unknown                23
Anatomical variation With anatomical variation   50
                   Without anatomical variation24

The test dataset of hepatic portal vein segmentation algorithm and hepatic vein
segmentation algorithm, comprises 80 cases of Chest CT scans, which covered different
gender, age (ages ranging from 12 to 80 years old) and anatomical variants. The
information of distribution was as follows:

Subgroup          Distribution              Quantity
                F                       25
Sex        M                      25
                unknown                30
                     [12,22)                  12
                     [22,60)                  21
Age
                >=60                   20
                unknown                30
Anatomical variation With anatomical variation   51
                   Without anatomical variation29


      Performance Testing Summary

The results output by algorithm were compared with the reference standard, the value of
Dice coefficient was shown in the table below, which is higher than the acceptance
criteria:

Algorithm                   Global performance (Dice Similarity Coefficient)
Liver segmentation             0.981
Hepatic artery segmentation     0.927


                             Page 24 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

Hepatic portal vein segmentation0.933
Hepatic vein segmentation      0.914

The subgroup analysis was conducted based on gender, age and anatomical variants. The
results were shown in the table below, demonstrating that the algorithms have good
generality across different subgroups:

                          Liver     Hepatic artery  Hepatic portal    Hepatic vein
Subgroup  Distribution    segmentati segmentation   vein segmentation segmentation
                       on
         F              0.981      0.928           0.932             0.924
Sex    M              0.98       0.926           0.93               0.918
          unknown       0.981      0.926           0.936              0.91
            [12,22)         0.978      0.921           0.925             0.906
            [22,60)         0.982      0.93            0.934             0.929
Age
          >=60           0.98       0.926           0.933             0.928
          unknown       0.981      0.926           0.936              0.91
Anatomical With anatomical 0.981      0.927           0.933             0.915
variation    variation
           Without        0.98       0.925           0.932             0.919
            anatomical
             variation


      Standard Annotation Process

For ground truth annotations, all ground truth are annotated by well-trained annotators.
Finally, a senior clinical specialist will check and modify annotations to make sure the
ground truth is correct.

      Testing & Training Data Independence

The training data used for the training of the Lung segmentation algorithm is
independent of the data used to test the algorithm.

   Other Standards and Guidance
      NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
      (DICOM) Set (2023e).
      ISO 14971 Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical
        devices (Third Edition 2019-12).
      IEC 62304 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes (Edition 1.1,
        2015).


                             Page 25 of 26

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

   Summary
   The features described in this premarket submission are supported with the results of
    the testing mentioned above; the uOmnispace.CT was found to have a safety and
    effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device and reference devices.

9.  Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion

   The proposed device is equivalent to the predicate device with regard to safety and
     efficacy. This conclusion is based upon a comparison of intended use, technological
     characteristics, performance specification, device hazards as well as verification and
    validation results.

    In summary, the proposed device is determined to be Substantially Equivalent (SE) to
    the predicate device and reference device.


                             Page 26 of 26