October 25, 2024

Neurophet, Inc.
℅ Priscilla Chung
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
18881 Von Karman Ave STE 160
Irvine, California 92612


Re: K242215
    Trade/Device Name: Neurophet AQUA (V3.1)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: July 25, 2024
    Received: July 29, 2024


Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242215 - Priscilla Chung                                                              Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K242215 - Priscilla Chung                                                              Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242215
Device Name
Neurophet AQUA (V3.1)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Neurophet AQUA is intended for Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of
segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric data may be
compared to reference percentile data.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242215

                     510(k) Summary


This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21
CFR Part 807.92.


1.  Date: 10/24/2024

2.  Applicant / Submitter
  NEUROPHET, Inc.
   12F, 124, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu
    Seoul, Republic of Korea
   Tel : +82-2-6954-7971 Fax : +82-2-6954-7972

3.  U.S. Designated Agent
    Priscilla Chung
  LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
   18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
    Irvine, CA 92612
    Tel: 714.202.5789      Fax: 714.409.3357
   Email: juhee.c@LKconsultingGroup.com

4.  Trade/Proprietary Name:

   Neurophet AQUA (V3.1)

5. Common Name:

   Medical Image Processing Software

6.  Classification:

       •  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software (21CFR 892.2050, Product code
         QIH, Class 2, Radiology)
       •  Medical Image Management and Processing System (21CFR 892.2050, Product code
         LLZ, Class 2, Radiology)


                                           Page 1 of 6

7.  Device Description:

   Neurophet AQUA is a fully automated MR imaging post-processing medical device software
    that provides automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of brain
    structures from a set of MR images and returns segmented images and morphometric reports.
   The resulting output is provided in morphometric reports that can be displayed on Picture
   Archive and Communications Systems (PACS). The high throughput capability makes the
   software suitable for use in routine patient care as a support tool for clinicians in assessment
    of structural MRIs.
   Neurophet AQUA provides morphometric measurements based on T1 MRI series. The
    output of the software includes volumes that have been annotated with color overlays, with
   each color representing a particular segmented region, and morphometric reports that provide
   comparison of measured volumes to age and gender-matched reference percentile data.
    In addition, the adjunctive use of the T2 FLAIR MR series allows for improved identification
    of some brain abnormalities such as lesions, which are often associated with T2 FLAIR
    hyperintensities.

   Neurophet AQUA processing architecture includes a proprietary automated internal pipeline
    that performs segmentation, volume calculation and report generation.

     The results are displayed in a dedicated graphical user interface, allowing the user to:
            Browse the segmentations and the measures,
            Compare the results of segmented brain structures to a reference healthy
           population,
            Read and print a PDF report

    Additionally, automated safety measures include automated quality control functions, such as
   scan protocol verification, which validate that the imaging protocols adhere to system
    requirements.


8.  Indication for use:

   Neurophet AQUA is intended for Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
    quantification of segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images.
   Volumetric data may be compared to reference percentile data.


9.  Predicate Device:

   ⚫Primary Predicate:
       Neurophet AQUA v2.1 (K220437) by NEUROPHET, Inc.

   ⚫Reference Device:
      NeuroQuant® v2.2 (K170981) by CorTechs Labs, Inc.


                                           Page 2 of 6

10. Substantial Equivalence:

Comparison Table


                     Subject Device      Primary predicate Device      Reference Device

  Device name    Neurophet AQUA V3.1     Neurophet AQUA v2.1       NeuroQuant® v2.2

     510(k)           K242215               K220437                K170981

  Manufacturer    NEUROPHET, Inc.      NEUROPHET, Inc.         CorTechs Labs, Inc

  Product Code         QIH, LLZ              LLZ                 LLZ

                                                                NeuroQuant is intended                  Neurophet AQUA is        Neurophet AQUA is
                                                                                 for automatic labeling,                    intended for automatic       intended for Automatic
                      labeling, visualization and                                    visualization and                                                 labeling, visualization and
                    volumetric quantification of                               volumetric quantification                                            volumetric quantification of
  Indications for   segmentable brain                                         of segmentable brain
                                          segmentable brain
      Use          structures and lesions from                                   structures and lesions from
                                                 structures from a set of MR                   a set of MR images.                                     a set of MR images.
                   Volumetric data may be      images. Volumetric data                                                                       Volumetric data may be
                 compared to reference     may be compared to                                                                compared to reference
                      percentile data.              reference percentile data.                                                                                percentile data.
      Target
   Anatomical     Brain                       Brain                          Brain
       Sites
                                                                                                   • Automated measurement of
                                                                                    brain tissue volumes and                         • Automated measurement     • Automated measurement of
                                                                                         structures and lesions                     of brain tissue volumes,       brain tissue volumes and
                                                                                                   • Automatic segmentation   Design and      structures, and lesions         structures
                                                                        and quantification of brain   Incorporated    ▪Automatic segmentation    ▪Automatic segmentation                                                                                         structures using a dynamic
   Technology    and quantification of brain   and quantification of brain                                                                                          probabilistic neuroanatomical
                      structures using deep         structures using deep                                                                                                    atlas, with age and gender
                     learning                    learning                                                                                              specificity, based on the MR
                                                                       image intensity
                      • Software package          • Software package             • Software package
     Physical       • Operates on off-the-       • Operates on off-the-shelf     • Operates on off-the-shelf
  characteristics   shelf hardware (multiple   hardware (multiple          hardware (multiple
                  vendors)                  vendors)                    vendors)
    Operating                                                           Supports Linux, Mac OS
              Windows              Windows
    System                                       X and Windows.
                                                                Automated internal
                Automated internal
                                       Automated internal pipeline   pipeline that performs:
                   pipeline that performs:
                                                   that performs:                    - artifact correction
   Processing      - segmentation
                                                         - segmentation                   - segmentation
   Architecture     - volume calculation
                                                         - volume calculation            - lesion quantification
                        - lesion quantification
                                                         - report generation               - volume calculation
                        - report generation
                                                                                              - report generation


                                           Page 3 of 6

• MRI scanner: 3D T1                                          • MRI scanner: 3D T1 and
                                                   • MRI scanner: 3D T1 scans
              and FLAIR MRI scans                         FLAIR MRI scans
                                         acquired with specified
               acquired with specified                                 acquired with specified
Data Source                               protocols
                protocols                                                protocols
                                                   • Supports DICOM format
                   • Supports DICOM                                             • Supports DICOM format
                                           as input
               format as input                                          as input
              ▪Provides volumetric
              measurements of brain
                                       ▪Provides volumetric        ▪Provides volumetric
                 structures and lesions
                                     measurements of brain       measurements of brain
               ▪Includes segmented
                                              structures                      structures and lesions
                color overlays and
                                        ▪Includes segmented color   ▪Includes segmented color
              morphometric reports
                                          overlays and                 overlays and
               ▪Automatically
                                      morphometric reports        morphometric reports
              compares results to
                                        ▪Automatically compares     ▪Automatically compares
                reference percentile data
                                                results to reference             results to reference
  Output      and to prior scans when
                                             percentile data and to prior    percentile data and to prior
                available
                                         scans when available         scans when available
              ▪Supports DICOM
                                       ▪Supports DICOM format    ▪Supports DICOM format
               format as output of
                                           as output of results that can   as output of results that
                  results that can be
                                      be displayed on DICOM     can be displayed on
                displayed on DICOM
                                          workstations and Picture    DICOM workstations and
                workstations and Picture
                                       Archive and                  Picture Archive and
              Archive and
                                     Communications Systems    Communications Systems
              Communications
              Systems
                   • Automated quality                                             • Automated quality
                control functions             • Automated quality control   control functions
                    - Image artifact check      functions                          - Tissue contrast check
                    - Scan protocol               - Tissue contrast check          - Scan protocol
   Safety
                 verification                    - Scan protocol verification    verification
                   • Results must be            • Results must be reviewed   - Atlas alignment check
              reviewed by a trained     by a trained physician          • Results must be reviewed
                physician                                        by a trained physician


Substantial Equivalence Discussion

Neurophet AQUA V3.1 is an update of the previous 510(k) cleared device, Neurophet AQUA
v2.1 (K220437).
   Except for the addition of “and lesions” words, both devices have same indications for
    use.
   Physical characteristics, and operating system are same.
  T1 MR image analysis algorithm and performance is same as previous.

New features of the device are as follows:
   Quantitative analysis function of T2 FLAIR images is added.

A major update in this version is support for quantitative analysis of T2 FLAIR images. This
feature was added after verifying the performance of the analysis algorithm. We verified the

                                         Page 4 of 6

accuracy and reproducibility of T2 FLAIR analysis considering various patients ages,
   ethnicities, and gender. The test results meet acceptance criteria based on the performance of
   the reference device, NeuroQuant v2.2 (K170981).

   In conclusion, Neurophet AQUA V3.1 is substantially equivalent to the predicated device,
  Neurophet AQUA v2.1 (K220437).


11. Performance Data:

  SW verification/validation test were conducted to establish the performance, functionality
   and reliability characteristics of the subject devices. The device passed all of the tests based
   on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

   About the deep learning algorithm, the analysis performance is tested and validated as
    below:

   To demonstrate the T2-FLAIR analysis performance of Neurophet AQUA, the data
    primarily sourced from U.S. hospitals were utilized. The data presents a diverse mix of
     clinical, demographic, and technical variables, providing a foundation for both reliable and
    reproducible testing, as well as comprehensive accuracy assessment. The ground truth was
    established by consensus among three U.S.-based neuroradiologists. The multi-site data
    collection enhances statistical independence, while the inclusion of varied demographic
    groups, clinical conditions, and MR imaging parameters addresses potential confounders.

   The accuracy test dataset comprised 136 images, and the reproducibility test dataset
    comprised 52 images. The sample size supports robust performance validation. The subjects
   upon whom the device was trained and tested include healthy subjects, mild cognitive
    impairment patients, Alzheimer’s disease patients, and multiple sclerosis patients from
   young adults to elderlies. The multicenter study was adapted to collect scans from various
    vendors including Philips, Siemens, and GE and MR scans using general clinical protocols
   were collected.

    Neurophet AQUA performance was then evaluated by comparing segmentation accuracy
    with expert manual segmentations and by measuring segmentation reproducibility between
   same subject scans. The system yields reproducible results that are well correlated with
    expert manual segmentation.

    Neurophet AQUA’s lesion segmentation accuracy compared to expert manual segmentations
    of T2 FLAIR scan was evaluated using Dice’s coefficient metric, which exceeds 0.80. The
    brain lesion segmentation reproducibility was evaluated using repeated T2 FLAIR scan pairs
    of subjects with brain lesions. The mean absolute lesion volume difference was less than
    0.25cc.


                                           Page 5 of 6

The segmentation accuracy and reproducibility for T1 images were evaluated under
   K220437.


12. Conclusion:

   The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general
   function, application, and indications for use. The new device does not introduce a
   fundamentally new scientific technology, and the device has been validated through system
    level test. Therefore, we conclude that the subject device described in this submission is
    substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                           Page 6 of 6