March 27, 2025

V5med Inc.
℅ Ining Cheng
Consultant
7F., No. 36, Chenggong 12th St., Zhubei City
Hsinchu County, 302050
TAIWAN


Re: K242919
    Trade/Device Name: V5med Lung AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OEB, LLZ
    Dated: February 24, 2025
    Received: February 24, 2025


Dear Ining Cheng:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242919 - Ining Cheng                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242919 - Ining Cheng                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
               Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                    Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.===============  Submission Number (if known)I
  K242919   I
  Device Name
   I V5med Lung Al  Indications for Use (Describe)
  V5med Lung Al is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist radiologists in
  detecting pulmonary nodules (with diameter of 4-30 mm) during CT examinations of the chest for
  asymptomatic populations. This software provides adjunctive information to alert radiologists to
  regions of interest with suspected lung nodules that may otherwise be overlooked.  It can be used in
  a concurrent read mode, where the Al analysis results are displayed alongside the original CT
  images during either the initial review or any subsequent reviews by the radiologist. V5med Lung Al
  does not replace the radiologist's critical judgment or diagnostic processes and should not be used
   in isolation from the original CT series.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI


                       510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.87(h).

The assigned 510(k) number is    K242919

 Submitter:             V5med Inc.
                                   7F., No. 36, Chenggong 12th St., Zhubei City,
                           Hsinchu County, Taiwan
                            Phone: +886-3-623-3089

 Contact Person           JONI CHENG
                             Email: Joni.Cheng@v5.com.tw
                            Phone: +886-3-623-3089
 Date Prepared            March 26, 2025

 Device Name            V5med Lung AI

 Regulation Name:          Medical image management and processing system

 CFR Classification:        21 CFR 892.2050

 Device Class                     II

 Product Code:           OEB, LLZ

 Panel:                     Radiology

 Primary Predicate device:  AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD (K221592)

 Secondary Predicate device: ClearRead CT (K161201)


                                        Page 1/7

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI

Indications for use
V5med Lung AI is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist
radiologists in detecting pulmonary nodules (with diameter of 4-30 mm) during chest
CT  examinations  of  asymptomatic  populations.  This  software  provides
adjunctive information to alert radiologists to regions of interest with suspected
lung nodules that may otherwise be overlooked. It can be used in a concurrent read
mode, where the AI analysis results are displayed alongside the original CT images
during either the  initial review or any subsequent reviews by the radiologist.
V5med Lung AI does not replace the radiologist’s clinical judgment or diagnostic
processes and should not be used in isolation from the original CT series.


Device Description
The V5med Lung AI is a software product designed to detect nodules in the lungs.
The detection model is trained using a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
based algorithm, enabling automatic detection of lung nodules ranging from 4 to 30
mm in chest CT images.
The system integrates algorithm logic and database on the same server, ensuring
simplicity and ease of maintenance. It accepts chest CT images from a PACS system,
Radiological Information System (RIS), or directly from a CT scanner, analyzes the
images, and provides output annotations regarding lung nodules.


Summary of the technological characteristics
V5med Lung AI is functionally equivalent to the following predicate device: AVIEW
Lung Nodule CAD (K221592) cleared February 24, 2023.

The following table demonstrates that the intended uses and technical characteristics
of V5med Lung AI are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

Any differences between the subject device and the predicated device has no negative
impact on safety or efficacy of the subject device and does not raise any new potential
safety risks and is equivalent in performance to existing legally marketed devices.


                                        Page 2/7

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI

Functional Specification Comparison Table for the V5med Lung AI and AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD (K221592):
                                                          Primary Predicate Device         Secondary Predicate Device      Specification                  Subject Device                                                                                  Comparison                                                               K221592                       K161201
Device Name          V5med Lung AI               AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD          ClearRead CTTM                N/A
Classification Name      Medical Image Management and       Medical Image Management and      Medical image management and     Same
                           Processing System                     Processing System                    processing system
Device Class              Class II                               Class II                              Class II                       Same
Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2050                   21 CFR 892.2050                  21 CFR 892.2050                Same
Product Code          OEB/LLZ                     OEB/LLZ                    OEB/LLZ                     Same
Review Panel            Radiology                           Radiology                          Radiology                     Same
510(k) Number         K242919                        K221592                       K161201                     N/A
Indications for Use      V5med Lung AI is a Computer-Aided  AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a       ClearRead CT™ is comprised of     V5med Lung AI and AVIEW Lung
                           Detection (CAD) software designed to  Computer-Aided Detection (CAD)     computer assisted reading tools       Nodule CAD (predicate device) are
                                assist radiologists in detecting          software designed to assist            designed to aid the radiologist in the   both Computer-Aided Detection (CAD)
                        pulmonary nodules (with diameter of    radiologists in the detection of          detection of pulmonary nodules        software designed to assist radiologists
                         4-30 mm) during CT examinations of   pulmonary nodules (with diameter 3-   during review of CT examinations of   in detecting pulmonary nodules during
                            the chest for asymptomatic           20 mm) during the review of           the chest on an asymptomatic      CT examinations of the chest for
                            populations. This software provides   CT examinations of the chest for       population. The ClearRead CT        asymptomatic populations. Both
                            adjunctive information to alert         asymptomatic populations. AVIEW    requires both lungs be in the field of   provide adjunctive information to alert
                              radiologists to regions of interest with   Lung Nodule CAD provides           view. ClearRead CT provides           radiologists to regions of interest with
                           suspected lung nodules that may         adjunctive information to alert the      adjunctive information and is not      suspected lung nodules that may
                           otherwise be overlooked. It can be       radiologists to regions of interest       intended to be used without the        otherwise be overlooked.
                         used in a concurrent read mode, where  with suspected lung nodules that may   original CT series.                 However, V5med Lung AI supports a
                            the AI analysis results are displayed     otherwise be overlooked. AVIEW                                          broader nodule diameter range (4-30
                           alongside the original CT images      Lung Nodule CAD may be used as a                                mm), compared to AVIEW's range of
                           during both the initial review and any   second reader after the radiologist                                        3-20 mm, making it similar to
                          subsequent reviews by the radiologist.   has completed their initial read. The                                      ClearRead CT™, which also covers
                    V5med Lung AI does not replace the    algorithm has been validated using                                         nodules from 5-20 mm. Additionally,
                              radiologist’s critical judgment or        non-contrast CT images, the majority                             V5med Lung AI does not restrict the
                            diagnostic processes and should not     of which were acquired on Siemens                                        use to non-contrast images, unlike
                        be used in isolation from the original  SOMATOM CT series scanners;                                AVIEW, aligning it more closely with
                  CT series.                                therefore, limiting device use to use                                      ClearRead CT™. Furthermore, V5med
                                                               with Siemens SOMATOM CT series                                 Lung AI does not limit the scanner
                                                                                    is recommended.                                                              source, while AVIEW is validated


                                                                     Page 3/7

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI

                                                                                                                                                 primarily with Siemens SOMATOM
                                                                                              CT series scanners, making V5med
                                                                                                                  Lung AI more flexible like ClearRead
                                                                                                CT™. These differences do not impact
                                                                                                                                                   the safety and effectiveness of V5med
                                                                                                                  Lung AI.
General Description      The V5med Lung AI is a software     The AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a   ClearRead CT is a dedicated post-    V5med Lung AI and AVIEW Lung
                          product designed to detect nodules in    software product that detects nodules   processing application that           Nodule CAD both utilize Deep
                            the lungs. The detection model is        in the lung. The lung                  generates a secondary vessel          Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
                             trained using a Deep Convolutional     nodule detection model was trained    suppressed Lung CT series with       based algorithms for lung nodule
                         Neural Network (CNN) based         by Deep Convolution Neural       CADe marks and associated region     detection in chest CT images. However,
                            algorithm, enabling automatic         Network (CNN) based algorithm       descriptors intended to aid the       V5med Lung AI supports a broader
                            detection of lung nodules ranging      from the chest CT image. Automatic    radiologist in the detection of         nodule detection range of 4 to 30 mm,
                        from 4 to 30 mm in chest CT images.    detection of lung nodules of 3 to      pulmonary nodules.                compared to AVIEW’s 3 to 20 mm,
                      The system integrates algorithm logic  20mm in chest CT images.                                           making it similar to ClearRead CT™,
                        and database on the same server,      By complying with DICOM                                          which also covers nodules from 5 - 20
                           ensuring simplicity and ease of          standards, this product can be linked                             mm. Unlike AVIEW, which is
                          maintenance. It accepts chest CT        with the Picture Archiving and                                                validated with SIEMENS’ SOMATOM
                        images from a Picture Archiving and    Communication System (PACS) and                                              series and intended to be used with a
                       Communication System (PACS),        provides a separate user interface to                                           cleared AVIEW platform, V5med Lung
                           Radiological Information System       provide functions such as analyzing,                                 AI does not restrict the scanner source
                            (RIS), or directly from a CT scanner,    identifying, storing, and transmitting                                          or the use of non-contrast images,
                           analyzes the images, and provides       quantified values related to lung                                               aligning it more closely with ClearRead
                           output annotations regarding lung       nodules. The CAD’s results could be                       CT™ in terms of flexibility. These
                           nodules.                               displayed after the user’s first read,                                            differences do not impact the safety and
                                                          and the user could select or de-select                                           effectiveness of V5med Lung AI.
                                                                     the mark provided by the CAD. The
                                                                   device’s performance was validated
                                                               with SIEMENS’ SOMATOM series
                                                                 manufacturing. The device is
                                                                 intended to be used with a cleared
                                          AVIEW platform.
Detection target(s)       Pulmonary nodules in                Pulmonary nodules in               Pulmonary nodules in              The detection targets of V5med Lung
                           screening and diagnostic chest CT       non-contrast chest CT                  chest CT acquisitions.             AI are similar to the detection targets of
                              acquisitions.                             acquisitions                                                                   the predicate devices.


                                                                     Page 4/7

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI

Nodule Characteristics    Diameter:                         Diameter:                        Diameter:                        Diameter:
                                 •    Pulmonary nodules 4 – 30 mm     •    Pulmonary nodules 3 – 20 mm    •    Pulmonary nodules 5 – 20 mm    •    The diameter range of V5med
                          Locations:                           Locations:                                                         Lung AI is similar to the
                                 •     Full range: central, peripheral      •     Full range: central, peripheral                                                  predicate devices
                                                          Contours:                                                              Locations:
                                                                                •    Round, irregular                                                                  •    Same as primary predicate

Nodule Marking      A bounding box is provided around   A bounding box is provided around   A bounding box is provided around   Same
                          nodules                              nodules                             nodules
Automatically locate     Yes                             Yes                            Yes                          Same
and identify lung
nodules
Modifies the Original    No                         No                             Yes                          Same as AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD.
CT scan
Image format        DICOM                  DICOM                 DICOM                      Same
Hosting Platform            -                      AVIEW                                     -                         No specific hosting platform. Same as
                                                                                                                                                  cleared ClearRead CT.
Hosting Application         -                      AVIEW LCS                              -                         No specific hosting application. Same
                                                                                                                                                as cleared ClearRead CT.
Outputs            DICOM GSPS (Grayscale Softcopy   DICOM GSPS (Grayscale Softcopy   DICOM GSPS (Grayscale Softcopy    Similar to AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
                            Presentation State)                      Presentation State)                     Presentation State)                    but lacks XML output and specific
                                      XML (Coordinate of detected                                            viewer capabilities of AVIEW.
                                                                 nodules)                                                       The outputs of V5med Lung AI are
                                                          Able to view results                                                             similar to the outputs of the predicate
                                                        on AVIEW, AVIEW                                                          devices.
                                              LCS viewer page
Type of Scans        CT                      CT                     CT                          Same
CT Scanners            Multi-vendor and multi-detector    Siemens SOMATOM CT          Not Provided                  V5med Lung AI does not restrict the
                CT (MDCT) scanners              Scanners                                                              brand or specifications of the scanner,
                        (Siemens, GE, Philips, and                                                                       same as ClearRead CT.
                        Toshiba)


                                                                     Page 5/7

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI

Non-Clinical performance evaluation
Software  testing was performed  in accordance with General  Principles  of Software
Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff (January 11, 2002), Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions. (June 14, 2023) and IEC
62304:2006/Amd 1:2015 - Medical device software-software life cycle processes. Software
testing, including unit testing, software integration testing and software system testing, was
conducted on V5med Lung AI. The results demonstrated that V5med Lung AI, when used
according to  its operating instructions, met  all requirement specifications. All system
functionalities were tested and passed. Measurement performance was validated on phantom
and clinical data to assess reproducibility and accuracy.

Standalone performance testing, which included chest CT scans from lung cancer screening
population and non-screening population, was conducted to validate detection accuracy
of V5med Lung AI. Results showed that V5med Lung AI had similar nodule detection
sensitivity compared to those of the predicate device.


Software Verification and Validation

  Unit Test
   Conducting unit tests using Jest on major software components identified by the
    software development team. These tests focus on ensuring the correctness of individual
   API endpoints and their interactions with the ORM framework, including data retrieval,
    manipulation, and validation.

  System Test
    In accordance with the ‘integration Test Cases’ discussed in advance by the software
   development team and test team, the system test was conducted by installing software to
   hardware with recommended system specifications. Any new software errors discovered
   by the ‘Exploratory Test’ conducted by the test team were documented and managed as
   new test cases following discussion between the development and test teams. Discovered
    software errors were categorized into 3 severity levels for further management.
   ✓Major defects: Impact the product’s intended use with workaround unavailable.
   ✓Moderate defects: Typically related to user interface or general quality of product, but
       have available workarounds.
   ✓Minor defects: Do not impact the product’s intended use and are Not significant.

      The success standard for the System Test was the absence of ‘Major’ and ‘Moderate’
        defects which were successfully achieved in the test.
                                            Page 6/7

V5med Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
V5med Lung AI


Clinical performance evaluation
A pivotal reader study was conducted through a retrospective, fully crossed, multi-reader
multi-case (MRMC) study to validate that the device conforms to the defined user needs and
intended uses. A total of sixteen board-certified radiologists and a dataset of 340 chest CT
scans were involved in the reader study including both screening and non-screening
populations.

All screening cases were acquired from NLST CT arm. The range of participating patients
age was between 55 and 77 (mean age was 62). Male to female patient ratio was 41.1% verse
58.9%. Percent race distribution of white, black, Asian, pacific islander, and Indian were
92.8%, 4.4%, 2.2%, 0.3% and 0.3%, respectively.

The purpose of the reader study was to test a hypothesis that with the aid of V5med Lung AI,
radiologists’ nodule detection performance would be improved at a significance level alpha
of 0.05 (two-sided). The reader study measured the area under the curve (AUC) of the
localization-specific receiver operating characteristic (LROC) response when using V5med
Lung AI, compared to the unaided read. Radiologist interpretation times were also analysed.

Readers benefited from using V5med Lung AI, demonstrating a significant increase in the
AUC (Aided-Unaided: 0.0959, 95%CI: (0.0586, 0.1332)) and a significant decrease in
reading time from 133.0 seconds unaided to 115.9 seconds, yielding a time difference (AidedUnaided: -17.1, 95% CI: (-26.7, -9.0)), a 13% improvement. All endpoints met the acceptance
criteria. In summary, the study indicated that radiologist performance with the V5med Lung
AI is superior to the unaided read for detecting nodules. Additionally, V5med Lung AI was
found to reduce read times with and without outliers. Since V5med Lung AI has the same
intended use and no differences in technological characteristics that raise safety or effective
concerns, it demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

                    Unaided        Aided           Difference (95%CI)
 AUC               0.734           0.830           0.0959 (0.0586, 0.1332)
  Reading Times (s)    113.0            115.9            -17.1 (-26.7, -9.0)


Conclusion (Substantial Equivalence Conclusions)
Based on the comparison of indications for use, technological features, and performance
testing result, V5med Lung AI is found to be as safe and effective as the predicate device. It
has been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

                                            Page 7/7