Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.
Omar Naimi
Regulatory Affairs Analyst
Suite 1800, 707 8 Avenue SW
Calgary, AB T2P 1H5
Canada
                                                                     October 15, 2024
Re: K242781
    Trade/Device Name: cvi42 Software Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: September 13, 2024
    Received: September 16, 2024

Dear Omar Naimi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242781 - Omar Naimi                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242781 - Omar Naimi                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
Indications for Use (Describe)
cvi42 is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and quantitative evaluation of
cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images and computed tomography (CT) images ina
Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.
It enables:
+ Importing cardiac MR & CT Images in DICOM format.
+ Supporting clinical diagnostics by qualitative analysis of cardiac MR & CT images using display
functionality such as panning, windowing, zooming, navigation through series/slices and phases, 3D
reconstruction of images including multiplanar reconstructions of the images.
+ Supporting clinical diagnostics by quantitative measurement of the heart and adjacent vessels in
cardiac MR & CT images, specifically signal intensity, distance, area, volume, and mass.
+ Supporting clinical diagnostics by using area and volume for measuring cardiac function and
derived parameters cardiac output and cardiac index in long axis and short axis cardiac MR & CT
images.
+ Flow quantifications based on velocity encoded cardiac MR images (including two and four
dimensional flow analysis).
* Strain analysis of cardiac MR images by providing measurements of 2D LV myocardial function
(displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate, time to peak, and torsion).
* Supporting clinical diagnostics of cardiac CT images including quantitative measurements of
calcified plaques in the coronary arteries (calcium scoring), specifically Agatston and volume and
mass calcium scores, visualization and quantitative measurement of heart structures including
coronaries, femoral, aortic, and mitral valves.
+ Evaluating CT and MR images of blood vessels. Combining digital image processing and
visualization tools such as multiplanar reconstruction (MPR), thin/thick maximum intensity projection
(MIP), inverted MIP thin/thick, volume rendering technique (VRT), curved planar reformation (CPR),
processing tools such as bone removal (based on both single energy and dual energy) table
removal and evaluation tools (vessel centerline calculation, lumen calculation, stenosis calculation)
and reporting tools (lesion location, lesion characteristics) and key images. The software package is
designed to support the physician in confirming the presence or absence of physician identified
lesion in blood vessels and evaluation, documentation and follow up of any such lesions.
cvi42 shall be used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating
cardiovascular MR or CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a
comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process. cvi42 is a software application that can be used
as a stand-alone product or in a networked environment.
The target population for cvi42 and its manual workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42’s semiautomated machine learning algorithms, included in the MR Function and CORE CT modules, are
intended for an adult population. Further, image acquisition by a cardiac MR or CT scanner may limit
the use of the software for certain sectors of the general public.

Cvi42 Shall not be used to view or analyze Images of any part of the boay except the cardiac images
acquired from a cardiovascular magnetic resonance or computed tomography scanner.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242781


                                cvi42 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
Address:                   Suite 1800 – 707 8th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 1H5
Date Prepared:            October 11 2024
Telephone Number:       +1 587-686-0784
Contact Person :        Omar Naimi
Email:                     omar.naimi@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

510(k):                 K242781
Name of the Device:        cvi42 Software Application
Short Brand Name:         cvi42
Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Proposed Classification:   Device Class: II
                           Product Codes: QIH, LLZ
                           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICE

The primary predicate is cmr42 under K082628, and the additional predicates are ct42 under
K111373, cvi42 vascular add-on under K141480, cvi42 Auto under K213998, Strain Module under
232661, and CT Function under 241038. Each of the predicate devices are manufactured by
Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.

The predicate devices have not been subject to a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 1 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

cvi42 Software Application (“cvi42”) is a software as a medical device (SaMD) that is intended for
evaluating CT and MR images of the cardiovascular system. Combining digital image processing,
visualization, quantification, and reporting tools, cvi42 is designed to support physicians in the
evaluation and analysis of cardiovascular imaging studies.

cvi42 uses machine learning techniques to aid in semi-automatic contouring of regions of interest
in cardiac MR or CT images.

The data used to train these machine learning algorithms were sourced from multiple clinical sites
from urban centers and from different countries. When selecting data for training, the importance
of model generalization was considered and data was selected such that a good distribution of
patient demographics, scanner, and image parameters were represented. The separation into
training versus validation datasets is made on the study level to ensure no overlap between the
two sets. As such, different scans from the same study were not split between the training and
validation datasets. None of the cases used for model validation were used for training the
machine learning models.

cvi42 has a graphical user interface which allows users to analyze cardiac MR & CT images
qualitatively and quantitatively.

cvi42 accepts uploaded data files previously acquired by MR or CT scanners or other data
collection equipment but does not interface directly with such equipment. Its functionality is
independent of the type of vender acquisition equipment. The analysis results are available onscreen and can be saved with the software for future review.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 2 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

                                  Table 1. Measurements in cvi42.

Measurement [units]           Description                                 Application

Distance [mm]               Length between two points, for both       Diameter & depth of cardiovascular
                            curved lines (splines) and straight lines,     structures of interest
                                including the diameter (including min,
                          max, average) resulting from closed
                                splines and depth

Perimeter [mm]             The perimeter of a contour (closed spline)  Perimeter of cardiovascular structures of
                                                                                  interest

Area [cm2]                The area within contour(s)               Area of cardiovascular structures of interest

Signal intensity [HU]           Modality CT: Hounsfield value (in            Intensity of pixels in cardiovascular
(modality CT) / Intensity       Hounsfield Units, HU) of the underlying     structures of interest
[unitless] (modality MR)         pixels
                              Modality MR: Intensity / shade of grey
                                  (high, intermediate, low) of underlying
                                 pixels

Volume [mm3 or mL]         The volume within contour(s)            Volume of cardiovascular structures of
                                                                                  interest

Coordinates [mm, mm, mm]    Location in the x-, y-, and z-planes of a     Coordinates of points of interest on a 3D
                                point                                       rendering, for export purposes

Mass [g]                  The mass within contour(s)             Mass of cardiovascular structures of interest

Displacement [mm or        The displacement vector represents the     Strain within cardiovascular structures of
degree]                         position of a point with respect to the        interest (e.g., myocardium)
                                 position of that point in the reference (end
                                 diastole) phase.

Agatston Score [HU]           Industry-standard measure for coronary    For assessing overall calcified plaque
                             calcium based on volume and intensity of   burden in coronary arteries.
                                   calcified plaque

Angle [degrees]            The angle of an object/structure of         Angle between two lines of interest
                                  interest

Stenosis [%]               The narrowing of a vessel in area or       For measuring an abnormal narrowing in an
                             diameter compared to a normal reference   artery
                                 location

Velocity [mL/min or cm/s]     The velocity of moving objects within        Velocity within cardiovascular structures of
                               contour(s)                                     interest (e.g., blood flow)

Strain [%]                      Strain is a measure of the deformation in    Strain within cardiovascular structures of
                          shape and dimension of the heart muscle   interest (e.g., myocardium)
                              during the cardiac cycle.


       Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 3 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

Strain Rate [1/s]                Derivative of strain with respect to time      Strain within cardiovascular structures of
                                                                                     interest, as above

Time to Peak [ms]             Trigger time elapsed from the first phase    Strain within cardiovascular structures of
                                                            till the phase where the peak strain has      interest, as above
                         been reached.

Torsion [degree/cm]         The difference in rotation between the      Strain within cardiovascular structures of
                                apical and basal slices divided by the        interest, as above
                                apical and basal slices. Note
                                circumferential displacement represents
                         an angle.

End Diastolic Volume [mL]    LV/RV cavity volume at the phase          Calculated clinical data for LV/RV
                              defined as the ED

End Systolic Volume [mL]     LV/RV cavity volume at the phase          Calculated clinical data for LV/RV
                              defined as the ES

Stroke Volume [mL]           Stroke volume is the volume of blood       Calculated clinical data for LV/RV
                       pumped out of the LV/RV during each
                               cardiac contraction and is represented by
                              the difference of EDV and ESV.

Ejection Fraction [%]           Ejection fraction is measured as a          Calculated clinical data for LV/RV
                            percentage of the total amount of blood in
                        LV/RV that is pumped out with each
                               cardiac cycle. It is calculated by dividing
                              the SV by EDV.

Cardiac Output [L/min]        Cardiac output is the amount of blood      Calculated clinical data for LV/RV
                       pumped by the heart in a minute and is
                               calculated by multiplying the SV with
                               heart rate per minute.

Cardiac Index [L/min/m2]      Cardiac index is a hemodynamic           Calculated clinical data for LV
                            parameter that relates the CO from LV in
                         one minute to BSA and is obtained by
                                 dividing the CO by BSA.

End Diastolic Mass [g]       LV myocardial mass at the phase defined   Calculated clinical data for LV
                           as the ED and is calculated by multiplying
                              the myocardial volume in ED phase with
                             myocardial density (1.05 g/ml).

End Systolic Mass [g]       LV myocardial mass at the phase defined   Calculated clinical data for LV
                           as the ES and is calculated by multiplying
                              the myocardial volume in ES phase with
                             myocardial density (1.05 g/ml).

Body Surface Area [m2]      The total surface area of the body         Surface area of the patient body used in
                                                                    medical indicators or assessments


       Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 4 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary


   V.    INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

Intended Use

cvi42 is intended to be used by qualified medical professionals for viewing, post-processing and
quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images and cardiovascular
computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital Imaging and  Communications in Medicine
Standard format, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive
diagnostic decision-making process

Indications for Use

cvi42 is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and quantitative evaluation
of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images and computed tomography (CT) images in a
Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.

It enables:
    •   Importing cardiac MR & CT Images in DICOM format.
    •  Supporting clinical diagnostics by qualitative analysis of cardiac MR & CT images using
       display functionality such as panning, windowing, zooming, navigation through
        series/slices and phases, 3D reconstruction of images including multiplanar
       reconstructions of the images.
    •  Supporting clinical diagnostics by quantitative measurement of the heart and adjacent
       vessels in cardiac MR & CT images, specifically signal intensity, distance, area, volume,
      and mass.
    •  Supporting clinical diagnostics by using area and volume for measuring cardiac function
      and derived parameters cardiac output and cardiac index in long axis and short axis
       cardiac MR & CT images.
    •  Flow quantifications based on velocity encoded cardiac MR images (including two and
        four dimensional flow analysis).
    •   Strain analysis of cardiac MR images by providing measurements of 2D LV myocardial
       function (displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate, time to peak, and torsion).
    •  Supporting clinical diagnostics of cardiac CT images including quantitative
      measurements of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries (calcium scoring), specifically
       Agatston and volume and mass calcium scores, visualization and quantitative
      measurement of heart structures including coronaries, femoral, aortic, and mitral valves.
    •   Evaluating CT and MR images of blood vessels. Combining digital image processing
      and visualization tools such as multiplanar reconstruction (MPR), thin/thick maximum
        intensity projection (MIP), inverted MIP thin/thick, volume rendering technique (VRT),
       curved planar reformation (CPR), processing tools such as bone removal (based on both
        single energy and dual energy) table removal and evaluation tools (vessel centerline
        calculation, lumen calculation, stenosis calculation) and reporting tools (lesion location,
        lesion characteristics) and key images. The software package is designed to support the


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 5 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

       physician in confirming the presence or absence of physician identified lesion in blood
       vessels and evaluation, documentation and follow up of any such lesions.

cvi42 shall be used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating
cardiovascular MR or CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a
comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process. cvi42 is a software application that can be
used as a stand-alone product or in a networked environment.

The target population for cvi42 and its manual workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42’s semiautomated machine learning algorithms, included in the MR Function and CORE CT modules,
are intended for an adult population. Further, image acquisition by a cardiac MR or CT scanner
may limit the use of the software for certain sectors of the general public.

cvi42 shall not be used to view or analyze images of any part of the body except the cardiac
images acquired from a cardiovascular magnetic resonance or computed tomography scanner.

    VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

The detailed analysis of the subject device and the predicate device (shown in Table 2 and Table
3) demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent in indications for use / intended
use, technological characteristics, functionality, and operating principles with the predicates
(K092628, K111373, K141480, K213998, K232661, and K241038). Of the three characteristics
(technical, biological, and clinical) required for the demonstration of equivalence, biological
characteristics are not applicable since both the subject device and predicate device are software
as a medical device application with no tangible component interfacing with the body.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 6 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary


                                                                              Table 2. Subject Device Intended Use / Indications for Use
                         Subject Device
                            cvi42 Software Application (K242781)
                         Manufactured by Circle
Intended Use               cvi42 is intended to be used by qualified medical professionals for viewing, post-processing and quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images and cardiovascular computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital Imaging
                       and Communications in Medicine Standard format, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process
Indications for Use          cvi42 is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images and computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
                       (DICOM) Standard format.

                                               It enables:
                                 •    Importing cardiac MR & CT Images in DICOM format.
                                 •    Supporting clinical diagnostics by qualitative analysis of cardiac MR & CT images using display functionality such as panning, windowing, zooming, navigation through series/slices and phases, 3D reconstruction of images including
                                       multiplanar reconstructions of the images.
                                 •    Supporting clinical diagnostics by quantitative measurement of the heart and adjacent vessels in cardiac MR & CT images, specifically signal intensity, distance, area, volume, and mass.
                                 •    Supporting clinical diagnostics by using area and volume for measuring cardiac function and derived parameters cardiac output and cardiac index in long axis and short axis cardiac MR & CT images.
                                 •   Flow quantifications based on velocity encoded cardiac MR images (including two and four dimensional flow analysis).
                                 •    Strain analysis of cardiac MR images by providing measurements of 2D LV myocardial function (displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate, time to peak, and torsion).
                                 •    Supporting clinical diagnostics of cardiac CT images including quantitative measurements of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries (calcium scoring), specifically Agatston and volume and mass calcium scores, visualization and
                                         quantitative measurement of heart structures including coronaries, femoral, aortic, and mitral valves.
                                 •    Evaluating CT and MR images of blood vessels. Combining digital image processing and visualization tools such as multiplanar reconstruction (MPR), thin/thick maximum intensity projection (MIP), inverted MIP thin/thick, volume
                                     rendering technique (VRT), curved planar reformation (CPR), processing tools such as bone removal (based on both single energy and dual energy) table removal and evaluation tools (vessel centerline calculation, lumen calculation,
                                      stenosis calculation) and reporting tools (lesion location, lesion characteristics) and key images. The software package is designed to support the physician in confirming the presence or absence of physician identified lesion in blood
                                     vessels and evaluation, documentation and follow up of any such lesions.

                            cvi42 shall be used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating cardiovascular MR or CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.
                            cvi42 is a software application that can be used as a stand-alone product or in a networked environment.

                       The target population for cvi42 and its manual workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42’s semi-automated machine learning algorithms, included in the MR Function and CORE CT modules, are intended for an adult population. Further, image
                              acquisition by a cardiac MR or CT scanner may limit the use of the software for certain sectors of the general public.

                            cvi42 shall not be used to view or analyze images of any part of the body except the cardiac images acquired from a cardiovascular magnetic resonance or computed tomography scanner.


                                                      Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 7 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary


                                                                              Table 3. Predicate Device Intended Use / Indications for Use
                        Primary Predicate                  Predicate                            Predicate                            Predicate                            Predicate                            Predicate
                           cmr42 (K082628)                            ct42 (K111373)                          cvi42 (K141480)                        cvi42 Auto (K213998)                    Strain (K232661)                CT Function (K241038)
                         Manufactured by Circle              Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle
Intended Use               Viewing, post-processing,             Viewing, post-processing, qualitative     Viewing, post-processing, qualitative     Viewing, post-processing, qualitative    The Myocardial Strain Software        The Cardiac CT Function Software
                                qualitative and quantitative          and quantitative evaluation of          and quantitative evaluation of blood     and quantitative evaluation of blood      Application is intended for qualitative     Application is intended for qualitative
                            evaluation of cardiovascular MR       cardiovascular CT images in DICOM     vessels and cardiovascular MR and      vessels and cardiovascular MR and     and quantitative evaluation of          and quantitative evaluation of
                        images in DICOM format.              format.                       CT images in DICOM format.        CT images in DICOM format.            cardiovascular MR images in a          cardiovascular CT images in a DICOM
                                                                                                                                 DICOM Standard format. As            Standard format, to calculate and
                                                                                                                                                                                                             perquisite, the user confirms             display cardiac function metrics (e.g.,
                                                                                                                                                                                       endocardial and epicardial contours in   end diastolic volume, end systolic
                                                                                                                                                           a reference phase, and the software     volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 tracks features over the cardiac cycle    cardiac output, cardiac index, and LV
                                                                                                                                                           and computed 2D myocardial           myocardial mass).
                                                                                                                                                                                   deformation and movement (e.g.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             strain, displacement, velocity).
Indications for Use          cmr42 is intended to be used for          ct42 is intended to be used for viewing,   cvi42 vascular analysis add-on is an     cvi42 Auto is intended to be used for    The Myocardial Strain Software        The Cardiac CT Function Software
                             viewing, post-processing and          post-processing and quantitative       image analysis software package add-   viewing, post-processing, qualitative      Application is intended for qualitative     Application is indicated to be use with
                              quantitative evaluation of              evaluation of cardiovascular computed   on for evaluating CT and MR images    and quantitative evaluation of          and quantitative evaluation of            multi-phase, multi-slice cardiovascular
                            cardiovascular magnetic resonance   tomography (CT) images in a Digital      of blood vessels. Combining digital       cardiovascular magnetic resonance      cardiovascular magnetic resonance    CT angiography images to assist
                       (MR) images in a Digital Imaging      Imaging and Communications in        image processing and visualization     (MR) and computed tomography (CT)   (CMR) images. It provides                 qualified medical professionals in
                       and Communications in Medicine      Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.      tools such as multiplanar              images in a Digital Imaging and        measurements of 2D LV myocardial     assessing and evaluating cardiac
                       (DICOM) Standard format.                                                      reconstruction (MPR), thin/think        Communications in Medicine (DICOM)   function (displacement, velocity,          function. CT Function includes manual
                                                                                                              It enables:                      maximum intensity projection (MIP)      Standard format.                            strain, strain rate, time to peak, and     and semi-automatic heart segmentation
                                               It enables;                                     • Importing Cardiac CT Images in         thin and think, inverted MIP thin and                                                    torsion); these measurements are        of 2 chambers (LV and RV) and
                                     • Importing Cardiac MR Images in    DICOM format                              think, volume rendering technique            It enables a set of tools to assist        used by qualified medical                 calculation of cardiac function metrics
                   DICOM format                                • Supporting clinical diagnostics by      (VRT), curved planner reformation,      physicians in qualitative assessment     professionals, experiences in             including end diastolic volume, end
                                     • Supporting clinical diagnostics by     qualitative analysis of the cardiac CT    processing tools such as bone            of cardiac images and quantitative       examining and evaluating CMR           systolic volume, stroke volume, ejection
                                qualitative analysis of the cardiac     images using display functionality       removal (based on both single energy   measurements of the heart and         images, for the purpose of obtaining      fraction, cardiac output, cardiac index,
                 MR images using display            such as panning, windowing,          and dual energy) table removal and      adjacent vessels; perform calcium        diagnostic information for patients with   and LV myocardial mass.
                                functionality such as panning,         zooming, navigation through             evaluation tools (vessel centerline        scoring; and to confirm the presence     suspected heart disease as part of a
                          windowing, zooming, navigation        series/slices and phases, 3D              calculation, lumen calculation,            or absence of physician-identified       comprehensive diagnostic decisionthrough series/slices and phases.      reconstruction of images including       stenosis calculation) and reporting        lesion in blood vessels.               making process.
                                     • Supporting clinical diagnostics by     multi-lanner reconstructions of the        tools (lesion location, lesion
                              quantitative measurement of the      images.                                    characteristics) and key images), the    The target population for cvi42 Auto’s
                            heart and adjacent vessels in             • Supporting clinical diagnostics by       software package is designed to        manual workflows is not restricted;
                            cardiac MR images, specifically        quantitative measurement of the heart   support the physician in conforming     however, cvi42 Auto’s semidistance, area, volume and mass     and adjacent vessels in cardiac CT      the presence or absence of physician    automated machine learning
                                     • Supporting clinical diagnostics by    images, specifically distance, area,        identified lesion in blood vessels and     algorithms are intended for an adult
                           using area and volume              volume and mass                        evaluation, documentation and follow     population.
                        measurements for measuring LV         • Supporting clinical diagnostics by      up of any such lesions.
                              function and derived parameters       using area and volume measurements                                           cvi42 Auto shall be used only for
                            cardiac output and cardiac index in     for measuring LV function and derived      It shall be used by qualified medical      cardiac images acquired from an MR
                           long axis and short axis cardiac MR   parameters cardiac output and cardiac   professionals, experienced in            or CT scanner. It shall be used by
                          images.                             index in long axis and short axis        examining and evaluating                 qualified medical professionals,
                                     • Flow quantifications based on        cardiac CT images.                     cardiovascular CT or MR images, for    experienced in examining and
                               velocity encodes images                                                      the purpose of obtaining diagnostic      evaluating cardiovascular MR or CT

                                                      Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 8 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary


Primary Predicate                  Predicate                            Predicate                            Predicate                            Predicate                            Predicate
cmr42 (K082628)                            ct42 (K111373)                          cvi42 (K141480)                        cvi42 Auto (K213998)                    Strain (K232661)                CT Function (K241038)
Manufactured by Circle              Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle                Manufactured by Circle
                                                  • Supporting clinical diagnostics by       information as part of a                images, for the purpose of obtaining
It shall be used by qualified medical    quantitative measurements of calcified   comprehensive diagnostic decision-      diagnostic information as part of a
professionals, experienced in         plaques in the coronary arteries        making process. cvi42 is a software     comprehensive diagnostic decisionexamining and evaluating             (calcium scoring), specifically             application that can be used as a       making process.
cardiovascular MR images, for the     Agatston and volume and mass         stand-alone product or in a networked
purpose of obtaining diagnostic        calcium scores                         environment.
information as part of a
comprehensive diagnostic decision-      It shall be used by qualified medical     The target population for the cvi42 is
making process. cmr42 is a software    professionals, experienced in            not restricted.
application that can be used as a      examining and evaluating
stand-alone product or in a            cardiovascular CT images, for the
networked environment.             purpose of obtaining diagnostic
                                       information as part of a
The target population for the cmr42    comprehensive diagnostic decisionis not restricted, however the image   making process. ct42 is a software
acquisition by a cardiac magnetic      application that can be used as a
resonance scanner may limit the       stand-alone product or in a networked
use of the device for certain sectors    environment.
of the general public.
                               The target population for the ct42 is not
cmr42 shall not be used to view or       restricted, however the image
analyze images of any part of the      acquisition by a cardiac CT scanner
body except the cardiac magnetic    may limit the use of the device for
resonance images acquired from a     certain sectors of the general public.
cardiovascular magnetic resonance
scanner.                                     ct42 shall not be used to view or
                                    analyze images of any part of the
                                body except the cardiac CT images
                                     acquired from a cardiovascular CT
                                     scanner.


                                Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 9 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary


                                                                              Table 3. Regulatory and technological features comparison.
Feature                         Subject Device              Primary Predicate              Predicate                      Predicate                      Predicate                      Predicate                      Predicate
                                   cvi42 Software Application      cmr42 (K082628)                 ct42 (K111373)                   cvi42 (K141480)                  cvi42 Auto (K213998)              Strain (K232661)            CT Function (K241038)
                               (K242781)                    Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle
                                Manufactured by Circle
Device Class                                      II                                                   II                                                      II                                                      II                                                      II                                                      II                                                      II
Device Classification              QIH, LLZ                   LLZ                        LLZ                        LLZ                           QIH, LLZ                    LLZ                           QIH, LLZ
Regulation Name                 Medical image management     Picture Archiving and              Picture Archiving and              Picture Archiving and            Medical image management      Medical image management      Medical image management
                             and processing system        Communications System        Communications System        Communications System        and processing system          and processing system          and processing system
Regulation Number              21 CFR 892.2050            21 CFR 892.2050              21 CFR 892.2050              21 CFR 892.2050              21 CFR 892.2050              21 CFR 892.2050              21 CFR 892.2050
Imaging Modalities          MR and CT            MR                     CT                  MR and CT             MR and CT             MR                     CT
DICOM Compliant              Yes                       Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes
Import and display MR/CT        Yes                       Yes (MR only)                Yes (CT only)                Yes                        Yes                        Yes (MR only)                Yes (CT only)
images
Post process CMR/CCT images    Yes                       Yes (MR only)                Yes (CT only)                Yes                        Yes                        Yes (MR only)                Yes (CT only)
Images can be displayed by       Yes                       Yes                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A
study and series
Store images                  Yes                       Yes                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A
2D Imaging                   Yes                       Yes                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A
3D Imaging                   Yes                    No                         Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes
Multiplanar Reformat (MPR)       Yes                    No                         Yes                        Yes                        Yes                      No                         Yes
Navigation Tools                  Panning,                      Panning,                     N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A
                                Windowing,                  Windowing,
                               Zooming,                   Zooming
                                      Series/slices and phases        Series/slices and phases
Measurements                    Distance                      Distance                        Distance                        Distance                        Distance                       Displacement                End Diastolic Volume (EDV)
                                  Perimeter                      Perimeter                       Perimeter                       Perimeter                       Perimeter                         Velocity                    End Systolic Volume (ESV)
                               Area                        Area                         Area                         Area                         Area                               Strain                           Stroke Volume (SV)
                                   Signal Intensity                 Signal Intensity                   Signal Intensity                   Signal Intensity                   Signal Intensity                    Strain Rate                        Ejection Fraction (EF)
                             Volume                    Volume                     Volume                     Volume                     Volume                      Time to Peak                    Cardiac Output (CO)
                                 Coordinates                Mass                           Coordinates                     Coordinates                     Agatston Score                  Torsion                         Cardiac Index (CI)
                           Mass                         Coordinates                     Agatston Score                 Angle                           Stenosis                                              End Diastolic Mass (EDM)
                                Displacement                                                                                   Stenosis                    End Diastolic Volume (EDV)                               End Systolic Mass (ESM)
                                 Agatston Score                                                                                            End Systolic Volume (ESV)                                 Body Surface Area (BSA)
                                Angle                                                                                                                          Stroke Volume (SV)
                                  Stenosis                                                                                                                                 Ejection Fraction (EF)
                                     Velocity                                                                                                                     Cardiac Output (CO)
                                     Strain                                                                                                   End Diastolic Mass (EDV)
                                     Strain Rate                                                                                               End Systolic Mass (ESV)
                             Time to Peak                                                                                                 Body Surface Area (BSA)
                                  Torsion
                           End Diastolic Volume (EDV)
                           End Systolic Volume (ESV)
                                  Stroke Volume (SV)
                                     Ejection Fraction (EF)
                                 Cardiac Output (CO)

                                                       Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                Page 10 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary


Feature                         Subject Device              Primary Predicate              Predicate                      Predicate                      Predicate                      Predicate                      Predicate
                                   cvi42 Software Application      cmr42 (K082628)                 ct42 (K111373)                   cvi42 (K141480)                  cvi42 Auto (K213998)              Strain (K232661)            CT Function (K241038)
                                (K242781)                    Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle          Manufactured by Circle
                                Manufactured by Circle
                                 Cardiac Index (CI)
                            End Diastolic Mass (EDM)
                            End Systolic Mass (ESM)
                             Body Surface Area (BSA)
Quantitative assessment of        Manual segmentation, and     Manual segmentation of four     Manual segmentation, and       Manual segmentation, and       Manual segmentation, and       Manual segmentation, 2D        Semi-automatic determination
cardiac function                   semi-automatic segmentation    heart chambers in long and       semi-automatic segmentation     semi-automatic segmentation     semi-automatic segmentation      functional analysis of               of epicardial and endocardial
                                  using Machine Learning         short-axis views                    of four heart chambers in short-    of four heart chambers in long     using Machine Learning          myocardial deformation           contours, via segmentation of
                                  technique of four heart                                             axis views                    and short-axis views             technique of four heart                                             the LV cavity, LV myocardium,
                              chambers in long and short-                                                                                         chambers in long and short-                                  and RV cavity and the ED and
                                     axis views                                                                                                                               axis views                                        ES phases using Machine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Learning Techniques
Assessment of cardiac blood flow   Quantification of blood flow      Quantification of blood flow      N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A                         N/A
                                  using MR velocity encoded      using MR velocity encoded
                                 images.                      images.
Centerline placement in coronary   Manual and semi-automatic    Manual                      Manual and semi-automatic      Manual and semi-automatic      Manual and semi-automatic     No                      No
vessels                           using Machine Learning                                                                                                          using Machine Learning
                                  technique                                                                                                                      technique
Calcium Scoring                  Yes, using ML methodology    No                            Yes, using non-ML           No                            Yes, using ML methodology     No                      No
                                                                                          methodology
Workstation operating system     masOS,                  macOS,                    macOS,                    macOS,                    macOS,                    macOS,                    macOS,
                                    Microsoft Windows              Microsoft Windows                Microsoft Windows                Microsoft Windows                Microsoft Windows                Microsoft Windows                Microsoft Windows

NOTE: Some items have been marked Not Applicable (N/A), as this functionality is covered via other predicate devices in which the subject device is being compared to.


                                                       Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                Page 11 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

    VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in
accordance with ISO 13485:2016, BS EN 62304:2006, ISO 14971:2019, and DICOM standards.

Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and performance of
the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of
Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device Premarket Submission”. No clinical studies were
necessary to support substantial equivalence.

cvi42 has been tested according to the specifications that are documented in a Master Software
Test Plan. Testing is an integral part of Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.’s software development
as described in the company’s product development process.

Validation of non-Machine Learning Outputs

The validation of non-ML or rule-based algorithms and mathematical outputs in cvi42 is performed
through general in-house software QA verification and validation process including unit tests,
content/phantom tests, quantitative and qualitative analysis, and visual/manual evaluation. Some
more complex algorithms, such as Strain measurement, however, have undergone additional
validation to ensure the safe and effective use of the software.

Strain: 2D LV

The  tracking  performance  and  the  clinically  relevant  Global  Longitudinal  and  Global
Circumferential strains were validated using a complimentary combination of simple and realistic
phantoms, real MRI data, and analytical solutions. The tracking performance was evaluated with
simple analytical phantoms generated with variable input parameters; the deformation field
generated by the strain module was evaluated on realistic phantoms with artificially imposed
known deformation field and perturbations; and the performance of the constrained tissue tracking
algorithm was also compared to manual tracking in ES phase by three expert readers. The
computation  of  the  deformation  metrics from  the  tracked  deformations were  evaluated
analytically.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                Page 12 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

Validation of Machine Learning Derived Outputs

The machine learning algorithms of cvi42 have been trained and tested on images acquired from
major vendors of MR and CT imaging devices. All data used for validation were not used during
the development of the training algorithms. In general, image information  for samples  is
anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers and at least 50% of the data came from a
U.S. population. All performance testing results have met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.

cvi42 Auto: MR Function & CORE CT

The machine learning algorithms of cvi42 Auto (MR-CMR Function, CORE CT Coronary, and
CORE CT-Calcium) have been trained and tested on images acquired from major vendors of MR
and CT imaging devices. All data used for validation were not used during the development of the
training algorithms.

Across all MR and CT machine manufacturers, n = 235 anonymized patient images were used
for the validation of cvi42 Auto. This translates into 70 samples for Coronary Analysis, 102
samples for Calcium analysis, 63 samples for SAX Function contouring, 63 for each of 2-CV, 3-
CV, and 4CV LAX function contouring, and 252 samples for Function Classification. Image
information for all samples was anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers. At least
50% of the data came from a U.S. population.

All performance testing results met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.
    •  For CMR function analysis, the performance acceptance criteria were pre-defined to
       evaluate the performance of the ML model based on classification accuracy defined by
        true positives (TP), true negatives (TN), false positives (FP), and false negatives (FN).
     Mean volume prediction error (Mean Absolute Error, or MAE) was also calculated. Series
        classification performance results were between 97 % - 100%. Volumetric MAE for SAX
      were between 7% - 10%, and volumetric MAE for LAX were between 5% - 9%.
    •  For Calcium analysis, the performance acceptance criteria were pre-defined to evaluate
       the performance of the ML model based on classification accuracy defined by TP, TN, FP,
      and FN. Classification performance results were between 86% - 99%.
    •  For Coronary analysis, the performance acceptance criteria were pre-defined to evaluate
       the centerline quality and performance (based on TP and FN), and success rate for
       relevant masks. Centerline performance  results were between 82%  - 94%. Mask
      performance results were between 98% - 100%.

CORE CT: CT Function

The Machine Learning (ML) algorithms of the CT Function Module have been trained and tested
on images acquired from major vendors of CT imaging devices. All data used for validation were
not used during the development of the ML algorithms. Image information for all samples was
anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers. The validation data was sourced from 9
different sites, with 90% of the data sampled from US sources. All performance testing results
met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.

For cardiac CT function analysis, the acceptance criteria were pre-defined to evaluate the

Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                Page 13 of 14

cvi42 510(k) Summary

performance of the ML-based segmentation of Left Ventricle (LV) cavity, LV myocardium, and
Right Ventricle (RV) cavity. The mean volume prediction error (Mean Absolute Error in predicted
volumetric measures, or MAE), 3D Hausdorff Distance (HD), and Dice coefficient were used to
evaluate the performance of the segmentation. Overall, comparable performance was achieved
on all variability factors including scanner vendors, scanner tube current, pixel resolution, slice
thickness, age group, and gender.

Compared to a reference standard established from three expert readers, the ML-based model is
capable of segmenting the LV cavity with less than 10% difference in MAE, a Dice coefficient
above 86%, a HD below 9.5 mm, and an EF bias of 1.3% with a 95% confidence interval of [-12,
14]. Similarly, the RV cavity is segmented with less than 18% MAE, a Dice coefficient above 85%,
a HD below 18 mm, and an EF bias of -5.5% with a 95% confidence interval of [-15, 4.4]. Lastly,
the LV myocardium is segmented with less than 17% MAE, a Dice coefficient above 82%, and a
HD below 15 mm.

     VIII.  CONCLUSION

The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and
predicate device comparison, support the safety and effectiveness of cvi42 as compared to the
predicate devices when used for the defined intended use.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                Page 14 of 14