April 4, 2025
DESKi
Saray Ugidos Seman
Quality and Regulatory Manager
2 Place de la Bourse
Bordeaux, 33000
FRANCE

Re: K242807
    Trade/Device Name: HeartFocus (V.1.1.1)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2100
    Regulation Name: Radiological Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guidance System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QJU
    Dated: February 28, 2025
    Received: March 3, 2025

Dear Saray Ugidos Seman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242807 - Saray Ugidos Seman                                                        Page  2


premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part

K242807 - Saray Ugidos Seman                                                        Page  3


803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                   YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242807

Device Name
HeartFocus (V.1.1.1)


Indications for Use (Describe)

The HeartFocus software is intended to assist and guide medical professionals in the acquisition of cardiac ultrasound
images. HeartFocus software is an accessory to compatible general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems. Heartfocus
guides the acquisition of two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2D-TTE). Specifically, in the acquisition of the
following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV),
Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM),
Apical 4-Chamber (A4C), Apical 5-Chamber (A5C), Apical 2-Chamber (A2C), Apical 3-Chamber (A3C), Subcostal 4-
Chamber (SC-4C), and Subcostal inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).

HeartFocus software is indicated for use in adult patients who require a cardiac ultrasound exam.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                 Apr 4, 2025

K242807

 CONTACT DETAILS

 Applicant Name                        DESKi

 Applicant Address                        2 Place de la Bourse, 33000 France

 Applicant contact Telephone                +34686429657

 Applicant Contact                         Ms. Saray Ugidos Seman

 Applicant Contact Email                     saray.seman@deski.ai

 Secondary Contact Email                     bertrand.moal@deski.ai


 Device Trade Name                        HeartFocus (v.1.1.1)

 Common Name                               Radiological acquisition and/or optimization
                                           guidance system

 Classification Name                      Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization
                                        Guided By Artificial Intelligence

 Regulation Number                        892.2100

 Product Code                       QJU


 Legally Marketed Predicate Device          DEN190040 Caption Guidance


DEVICE DESCRIPTION SUMMARY


The HeartFocus software is a radiological computer-assisted acquisition guidance system that

provides real-time user guidance during echocardiography to assist the user in acquiring

anatomically standard diagnostic-quality 2D echocardiographic views. HeartFocus software is

an accessory to compatible general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems.


1

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


HeartFocus is intended to be used by medical professionals who have received appropriate

training on ultrasound basics and training on using the HeartFocus software, provided by either

DESKi or by a trained medical professional while using approved training materials.


It supports the acquisitions of 10 echocardiographic views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX),

Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve

(PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber

(A4C), Apical 5-Chamber (A5C), Apical 2-Chamber (A2C), Apical 3-Chamber (A3C), Subcostal

4-Chamber (SC-4C), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


To allow the acquisition of these views, HeartFocus can connect to an ultrasound system,

allowing it to receive a stream of ultrasound images.

The  standard  views  acquired  with HeartFocus may be assessed by  qualified medical

professionals to support their decision-making regarding patient care. The collected exams can

be transferred notably using DICOM protocols.


HeartFocus is an application that operates entirely offline, without requiring a cloud server to

provide its functionalities. All collected medical data is stored locally on the tablet. This data is

never transferred to a server controlled by DESKi.

HeartFocus uses  artificial  intelligence  (AI)  to emulate the  expertise  of sonographers  in

positioning the probe on the patient's chest and in identifying and recording diagnostic-quality

clips.


It proposes 4 major functionalities to assist healthcare professionals in the acquisition of cardiac

ultrasound  images:  Live  guidance,  Diagnostic-quality  view  detection, Auto  record, and

Best-effort record.


Live Guidance

This feature provides real-time cues to the user on how to move the probe on the patient’s chest

to obtain diagnostic-quality images. The guidance UI is generated by a machine learning model

that  infers  the  probe’s  position  relative  to  the  target  position,  i.e.  that would provide


2

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


diagnostic-quality images.  It emulates how a sonographer would manipulate the ultrasound

probe to acquire a diagnostic-quality clip.


Diagnostic-Quality View Detection

This feature detects real-time diagnostic-quality images and informs the user to hold the position

and perform automatic recording. This detection is performed by a machine learning model that

also allows the grading of the recorded clips. When the probe is well positioned and the image

is of diagnostic quality, a triangle surrounding the ultrasound image appears in color shifting

from blue (lower quality) to green (higher quality). The user shall hold the position so that an

automated recording can be performed.


Auto Record

This feature triggers an automatic recording of a clip when the quality is predicted to be of

diagnostic quality for a sufficient amount of time.

When the ultrasound frames are consecutively classified as diagnostic quality for a preset

period, the “auto record” feature automatically captures a clip.

The auto-record user interface (UI) element fills itself to encourage the user to hold its position.

When the entire auto-record UI element is full, the record is saved and the UI indicates it to the

user.

This feature emulates how a sonographer would identify diagnostic-quality clips and record

them.


Best-Effort Record (BER)

This feature continually assesses clip quality while the user is scanning and, if the user cannot

obtain a clip sufficient for an Auto-Record, the software allows the user to record the highest

quality clip obtained so far retrospectively.

Once recorded, the clip is available for a visual review where the user can either save the clip or

cancel his action and go back to the acquisition. It emulates how a sonographer would identify

the best diagnostic-quality clips retrospectively.


3

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE

The HeartFocus software  is intended  to  assist and guide medical  professionals  in the

acquisition of cardiac ultrasound images. HeartFocus software is an accessory to compatible

general-purpose  diagnostic  ultrasound  systems.  Heartfocus  guides  the  acquisition  of

two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2D-TTE). Specifically, in the acquisition of the

following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic

Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis

at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (A4C), Apical 5-Chamber (A5C), Apical

2-Chamber (A2C), Apical 3-Chamber (A3C), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SC-4C), and Subcostal

Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


HeartFocus software is indicated for use in adult patients who require a cardiac ultrasound

exam.

INDICATIONS FOR USE COMPARISON

The indications for use are the same.

TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON

                                Table 1: Predicate table


     Parameter         Caption Guidance      Proposed HeartFocus      Conclusion
                      (DEN 190040)

 Classification       Image Acquisition and/Or    Image Acquisition and/Or   Same
 Name                Optimization Guided by      Optimization Guided by
                              Artificial Intelligence             Artificial Intelligence


 Product Code     QJU                 QJU                 Same

 Intended Use       The Caption Guidance      The HeartFocus software   Same
                       software is intended to         is intended to assist
                         assist medical               healthcare professionals in
                        professionals in the          the acquisition of cardiac


4

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


                         acquisition of cardiac        ultrasound images. The
                       ultrasound images. Caption  HeartFocus software is an
                    Guidance software is an     accessory to compatible
                     accessory to compatible     general purpose
                      general purpose diagnostic   diagnostic ultrasound
                       ultrasound systems.         systems.


 Indications for use  The Caption Guidance      The HeartFocus software   Same
                       software is indicated for        is indicated for use in
                    use in two-dimensional      two-dimensional           *A4C, A5C, A2C,
                        transthoracic                 transthoracic             A3C, SC-4C are
                     echocardiography           echocardiography           the American
                    (2D-TTE) for adult patients,  (2DTTE) for adult patients,   Society of
                          specifically in the              specifically in the           Echocardiography
                         acquisition of the following    acquisition of the following  Acronyms:
                      standard views:             standard views:             Guidelines for
                       Parasternal Long-Axis       Parasternal Long-Axis      Performing a
                     (PLAX), Parasternal         (PLAX), Parasternal        Comprehensive
                       Short-Axis at the Aortic       Short-Axis at the Aortic      Transthoracic
                      Valve (PSAX-AV),           Valve                      Echocardiographic
                       Parasternal Short-Axis at    (PSAX-AV), Parasternal     Examination in
                       the Mitral Valve              Short-Axis at the Mitral       Adults:
                    (PSAX-MV), Parasternal     Valve (PSAX-MV),         Recommendations
                       Short-Axis at the Papillary    Parasternal Short-Axis at    from the American
                    Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical   the                         Society of
                   4-Chamber (AP4), Apical     Papillary Muscles          Echocardiography
                   5-Chamber (AP5), Apical    (PSAX-PM), Apical          (asecho.org)
                   2-Chamber (AP2), Apical    4-Chamber (A4C), Apical
                   3-Chamber (AP3),         5-Chamber (A5C), Apical
                      Subcostal 4-Chamber        2-
                     (SubC4), and Subcostal     Chamber (A2C), Apical
                           Inferior Vena Cava         3-Chamber (A3C),
                      (SC-IVC).                  Subcostal 4-Chamber
                                                 (SC-4C), and Subcostal
                                                              Inferior
                                          Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


 Intended User       Medical professionals       Medical professionals     Same
                         (including expert              (including expert
                     sonographers)              sonographers)


 Compatible        The uSmart 2300t Plus       Clarius Scanner PAHD3     Substantially
 Ultrasound          ultrasound system with the   (wireless), PAHD, PAL,      Equivalent: Both
 System and Probe   2300t-compatible Terason   and Clarius Ultrasound      the predicate
                   4v2A linear phased array    Scanner Software          devices and the
                     probe                                             proposed device
                                                                                    function as a


5

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


                                                                              software accessory
                                                                                         to a
                                                                                cleared-to-market
                                                                               ultrasound device.
                                                                        Both ultrasound
                                                                            devices are cleared
                                                                                               for the diagnostic
                                                                               ultrasound clinical
                                                                                     application of
                                                                                  acquiring cardiac
                                                                     images of adult
                                                                                        patients. Since
                                                                            both ultrasound
                                                                            devices
                                                                             are cleared for the
                                                                                required clinical
                                                                              use, the use of
                                                                                            different ultrasound
                                                                            devices does not
                                                                                     raise new
                                                                              questions of safety
                                                                              and/or
                                                                                     effectiveness.

 Clinical Features

 Image Acquisition   The prescriptive guidance    HeartFocus algorithm        Substantially
 Guidance             feature in Caption           provides live-guidance to    Equivalent:
                    Guidance provides          guide the user on how to    While the user
                         direction to the user to        position the probe on the     interface is slightly
                     emulate how a                patient’s chest to obtain      different, the
                     sonographer would           diagnostic-quality images    functionality and
                      manipulate the transducer                               type of
                          to acquire the optimal view                            guidance provided
                                                                                         to the user will be
                                                                                the same.
                                                                                            Specifically, both
                                                                            devices provide to
                                                                                the user
                                                                                        instructions on how
                                                                                         to manipulate the
                                                                        probe
                                                                                            (translational, tilt
                                                                  and rotation
                                                                         guidance cues)
                                                                                together with
                                                                                     real-time feedback
                                                                  on the expected
                                                                                  diagnostic
                                                                                         quality of the
                                                                                        resulting clip to


6

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


                                                                                           direct the user to a
                                                                        probe position that
                                                                                                          will enable
                                                                                      acquisition of a
                                                                                  diagnostic quality
                                                                                                        clip. Hence, this
                                                                                    difference does not
                                                                                     raise new
                                                                              questions of safety
                                                                              and/or
                                                                                     effectiveness.

 Real Time            Quality Meter: real-time      HeartFocus algorithm        Substantially
 Feedback on        feedback from the Quality    provides analysis of the     Equivalent
 Image Quality       Meter advises the user on    diagnostic-quality of the
                       the expected diagnostic     image and indicates to the
                          quality of the resulting clip,   user when the current
                    such that the user can       frame is diagnostic-quality
                 make decisions to further     to hold the position for a
                       optimize the quality, for       recording
                    example by following the     Further, a score on the
                         prescriptive guidance        expected diagnostic
                        feature                         quality of the Auto-Record
                                           and Best-Effort-Record
                                                            clips is indicated such that
                                                    the user can
                                       make decisions to further
                                                   optimize the quality

 Manual Image      Manual recording          Manual recording if       Same
 Recording                                   prompted by the user

 Automatic Capture  Auto-Capture: The Caption   Auto-Record: automates     Substantially
 of Clips and        Guidance Auto-Capture      the capture of               Equivalent
 Predicted             feature triggers an            diagnostic-quality
 Diagnostic Quality   automatic capture of a clip    recordings, emulating how
                  when the quality is         a sonographer
                       predicted to be diagnostic,   knows when an image is
                      emulating the way in which   of sufficient quality to be
                   a sonographer knows        diagnostic and records it.
                  when an image is
                          of sufficient quality to be
                        diagnostic and records it.

 Retrospectively     Save Best Clip: This          Best-Effort-Record: this      Substantially
 Recording of         feature continually            feature stores the clip that   Equivalent
 Highest Quality     assesses clip quality while   has been evaluated as
 Clip                  the user is scanning and, if   having the best expected
                       the user is not able to        diagnostic quality during
                       obtain a clip sufficient for    an exam for a given
                                                   reference view. If the user


7

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


                      Auto-Capture, the software  does not manage to
                       allows the user to           perform an auto-record for
                         retrospectively record the    the reference view, the
                       highest quality clip           Best-Effort-Record clip is
                      obtained so far, mimicking   proposed to the user.
                       the choice a sonographer
                      might make when
                       recording an exam.


 Deep Learning      Yes                     Yes                 Same
 Based Algorithm

 Machine Learning   Yes                     Yes                 Same
 – Based Algorithm


NON-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL TESTS SUMMARY

1- Human Factors Validation Study

A human factors validation study on HeartFocus was conducted following the FDA Guidance

Document, « Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices » and IEC

62366 1:205 standard. This study aimed to demonstrate that the HeartFocus user interface is

safe and effective for the intended users, uses, and use environments. The HeartFocus user

interface was developed through a series of preliminary evaluations during its development

process to find the best and most effective design. The final version of the device has then been

assessed in a summative evaluation.


During this evaluation, the characteristics of the user interface that could affect safety were

identified by conducting a task analysis and recorded as use scenarios. 9 use scenarios,

representing the primary functions of HeartFocus have been established. Potential errors

leading to potential risks in these use scenarios have then been identified. The 7 scenarios

concerned were considered “hazard-related” and selected for the usability summative


8

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


evaluation, but no risk was identified regarding the health and safety of users.


The summative evaluation was conducted with 31 participants representing the intended users

of HeartFocus and included novices (registered nurse) and trained medical professionals

(Cardiologists, Sonographers, Intensivists, Emergency Physicians).


User tests were carried out to observe the execution of all hazard-related scenarios. They were

performed in an environment representative of the intended use conditions of HeartFocus.


The user tests achieved a high success rate, with 100% success in 4 of the 7 scenarios and

97% success in the remaining 3, providing robust evidence that critical tasks can be performed

with high accuracy and minimal risk.

2- Algorithms Performance Testing

Performance testing of the AI/ML algorithms has been conducted to evaluate the effectiveness

of the AI/ML features of the HeartFocus software.


In total, AI/ML algorithms were trained and tuned on 1,483 patients and 1,204,113 ultrasound

images. 290 patients and 361,104 ultrasound images were used for performance testing. Data

collected as part of the clinical trial, containing 240 patients (120 US + 120 non-US), were also

employed for additional retrospective evaluation. Both training/tuning data and test data were

collected on patients of varying body mass index (BMI), age, and sex.


The main features of the system were tested independently using the primary endpoints

described in Table 2. Secondary endpoints were also evaluated to demonstrate the ability of the

algorithms to:

    ●  accurately detect anatomical structures of the heart in ultrasound images to indicate

      whether they can be used to guide the user,

    ● maximize the likelihood of capturing high-quality records,

    ●  provide a relevant estimate of recording quality,

    ●  automatically record clips identified to be of diagnostic quality by experts,


9

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


    ●  guide from one reference view to another.

Subgroup analyses were performed across varying BMI (< 25, ≥ 25 and < 30, ≥ 30), age (< 65,

≥ 65), and sex (male, female).


                 Table 2: Primary objectives, endpoints, and success criteria

 Feature    AI/ML        Objective       Endpoint          Success Criteria
            Algorithm

 Diagnostic-  View             Ability to classify  Cohen’s kappa      Lower bound of the
 quality       Classification  ultrasound       score between the   95% confidence
 view                    images with      model’s predictions    interval of the Cohen’s
 detection                      similar accuracy  and the ground      kappa score > 0.6
                         as experts         truth labels made by  (substantial
                                              experts (by frame)    agreement) for the 10
                                                                    reference view

 Live        Guidance       Ability to provide  Positive predictive   Lower bound of the
 guidance                   successful        value of successful  95% confidence
                          guidance cues    guidance cues (by     interval of the positive
                        on ultrasound     frame)                 predictive value > 0.8
                          frames                                       for the 10 reference
                                                               views

 Auto       View             Ability to save     Positive predictive   Lower bound of the
 record        Classification   high-quality       value of high-quality  95% confidence
           + Recording   records          records among        interval of the positive
                            according to      auto-records (by      predictive value > 0.6
                             experts              clip)               and point estimate of
                                                                    the positive predictive
                                                                  value > 0.8 for the 10
                                                                    reference views


Diagnostic-quality view detection

Experts (cardiologists and/or experienced sonographers) annotated the ultrasound clips to

identify  diagnostic-quality  images.  First  annotation was performed by an expert  (expert

annotator) and was  reviewed by a second  expert  (expert  reviewer). When necessary,

disagreements were resolved either through direct reconciliation by the 2 experts or by a third

expert. The ground truth (or gold standard) was defined from the consensus between the first

expert annotator and the expert reviewer(s). For each ultrasound frame, the View Classification

model predicts whether  it is of diagnostic quality. The evaluation consists of comparing the


10

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


agreement between the model predictions and the experts’ annotations using Cohen’s kappa

score.


The evaluation was performed on 30,361 images from 14 patients. Cohen’s kappa scores range

from 0.699 [0.673, 0.724] to 0.873 [0.861, 0.884], meeting the success criteria of Cohen’s kappa

score > 0.6 on the lower bound of the 95% CI for each reference view.


Live guidance

Live guidance was evaluated on ultrasound acquisitions where the frame and probe position

were collected simultaneously. For a given reference view, each ultrasound frame is at a certain

position (called the actual position) regarding the target position (where diagnostic-quality

frames are captured). The Guidance model predicts guidance cues to help navigate toward this

target position. The evaluation consists of computing the positive predictive value (PPV), which

represents the proportion of ultrasound frames where the  final position, after following the

guidance cues, is closer to the target position than the actual position.


The evaluation was performed on 270,582 images from 20 patients. Guidance cues PPV ranges

from 0.810 [0.804, 0.816] to 0.953 [0.951, 0.955], satisfying the success criteria of PPV > 0.8 on

the lower bound of the 95% CI for each reference view.


Auto record and Best-effort record

For each reference view, long-duration clips where an operator moves the ultrasound probe and

obtains both diagnostic-quality and non-diagnostic-quality frames were collected. Based on the

View  Classification model’s output, the Recording algorithms aim to automatically record

diagnostic-quality clips (short duration) that could be saved in the clinical practice. The positive

predictive value (PPV) of the Recording algorithms is evaluated for each reference view.


The evaluation was performed on 211 long-duration clips from 34 patients. While using the Auto

record feature solely, the PPV ranges from 0.846 [0.665, 0.938] to 1.000 [0.908, 1.000], meeting

the success criteria of PPV > 0.6 on the lower bound of the 95% CI and PPV > 0.8 on the point

estimate for each reference view. While using both the Auto record and Best-Effort record, the

PPV ranges from 0.816 [0.666, 0.908] to 1.000 [0.914, 1.000].


11

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


3- Clinical Study

A prospective multicentric clinical study was conducted to evaluate the use of HeartFocus by

medical professionals without prior echocardiography training.


Study Design


Eight (8) registered nurses (RNs) were trained and evaluated on their performance to acquire a

10-view 2D-TTE protocol (two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography). Participants were

scanned by the RN (study exam) and 10 standard views were obtained using a Clarius

ultrasound system with HeartFocus software: Parasternal Long Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short

Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV),

Parasternal  Short  Axis  at  the  Papillary  Muscle  (PSAX-PM),  Apical-4-Chamber  (A4C),

Apical-5-Chamber    (A5C),    Apical-2-Chamber    (A2C),    Apical-3-Chamber    (A3C),

Subcostal-4-Chamber  (SC-4C), and  Subcostal  Inferior Vena Cava  (SC-IVC). The study

continued enrollment  until the eight RNs had completed scans of 30 patients each. For

comparison, participants were also scanned to obtain the same 10 views by a trained medical

professional without cardiac guidance and using the same Clarius ultrasound system (control

exam).

Following the study and control exams, a panel of five (5) expert cardiologist readers (not the

same as the ones scanning the patients) independently provided assessments of whether the

patient study, in its totality, provided sufficient information to assess 12 clinical parameters. In

addition, this panel of five (5) expert cardiologist readers also independently evaluated  if the

diagnostic image quality per clip was sufficient for clinical interpretation using the ACEP scale

(ACEP ≥ 3,  Liu, R. B. et  al. Emergency Ultrasound Standard Reporting Guidelines); the

cardiologists graded each  clip. The readers were blinded to assessments from other panel

members as well as to which site the images were obtained and whether the images were

obtained by an RN or a trained medical professional (sonographer or cardiologist). The results

from the expert panel reads were used for the statistical analysis.


To reduce possible sources of bias in the design, the RNs, sonographers, and cardiologists

were all blinded to results determined by others.


12

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


Four (4) prospectively defined primary endpoints were evaluated sequentially for the study, all of

which assessed whether the patient study exam conducted by the RN, taken as a whole, was of

sufficient image quality to visually make these clinical assessments. Specifically, the endpoints

assessed whether, in the judgment of expert cardiologists, the studies permitted qualitative

visual assessment of left ventricular (LV) size, LV function, right ventricular (RV) size, and the

presence of non-trivial pericardial effusion. In addition, expert cardiologist readers performed a

qualitative and  quantitative assessment  of  the  ultrasound measurements. They  visually

determined the presence of LV or RV hypertrophy, dilation of the left or right ventricle or atrium,

abnormal LV or RV function, abnormal mitral or tricuspid or aortic valve (i.e. structurally normal,

abnormal, suspected device), pericardial effusion, dilatation of the IVC or any other abnormality.

The cardiologists also measured the LV end-systolic and end-diastolic volumes and function. On

parasternal  analysis, they measured the septal and posterior wall thickness, the  internal

diameter of the LV (systole and diastole), as well as the aortic root. The diameter of the IVC was

also evaluated. The acquisition time for the limited ultrasound exam for the novices was also

collected.


Results

A total of 240 adults aged 22 years and older who were scheduled for a clinically indicated

echocardiography examination at one of the two investigation centers were included in this

study, with 120 patients at Site 1 (France) and 120 patients at Site 2 (USA).


The four primary endpoints were satisfied and demonstrated the clinical utility of HeartFocus

guidance for medical professionals without specialized echocardiography training. Specifically,

the eight (8) RNs acquired echocardiographic exams of sufficient image quality to make clinical

assessments in the proportion of study exams conducted, as shown below.


                            Table 3: Primary endpoint results

    Endpoint                                          Percent of diagnostic quality
                                  % [95% Wilson CI*]

    Qualitative Visual Assessment of LV Size                    100 [98.4;100]

    Qualitative Visual Assessment of LV Function                100 [98.4;100]


13

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


    Qualitative Visual Assessment of RV Size                   100 [98.4;100]

    Qualitative Visual Assessment of Non-Trivial                 100 [98.4;100]
    Pericardial Effusion

    *Wilson Score method is used due to the point estimate is at or near borderline of 100%


Secondary endpoints and additional analyses presented below were not evaluated based on a

specific hypothesis. Since the evaluation of secondary endpoints and additional analyses did

not  allow  for  control  of Type  I  error, the study  results are presented as a descriptive

demonstration of the use of HeartFocus guidance for the specific secondary endpoints and

additional analyses.


Additional secondary endpoints were evaluated and demonstrated the robustness of the data,

including eight (8) additional patient-level clinical parameters evaluated and each had a high

proportion of scans considered to be of sufficient image quality to make each of the eight (8)

additional patient-level clinical parameter assessments, i.e., qualitative visual assessment of RV

function, inferior vena cava (IVC) size, left atrial (LA), right atrial (RA) size, aortic valve (AV),

mitral valve (MV), tricuspid valve (TV) and segmental kinetics of the LV.


Specifically, the eight (8) RNs acquired echocardiographic exams of sufficient image quality to

visually make clinical assessments in the proportion of study exams conducted, as shown

below.

                            Table 4: Secondary endpoint results

   Endpoint                                         Percent of diagnostic quality
                               % [95% Wilson CI*]

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of RV Function              99.6 [97.7;99.9]

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of LA Size                100 [98.4;100]

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of RA Size                  98.8 [96.4;99.6]

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of Segmental               95.4 [92.0;97.4]
   Kinetics of the LV

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of AV                       98.8 [96.4;99.6]


14

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                 Apr 4, 2025


   Qualitative Visual Assessment of MV                    100 [98.4;100]

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of TV                       95.4 [92.0;97.4]

   Qualitative Visual Assessment of IVC Size                 78.3 [72.7;83.1]

     *Wilson Score method is used due to the point estimate is at or near borderline of 100%


In addition to assessing if image quality was sufficient to make assessments, cardiologists also

made specific qualitative visual assessments based on the study and control exams (e.g.,

presence or absence of non-trivial pericardial effusion). The proportion of scans in which the

diagnostic decision was the same between study and control exams was very high, further

demonstrating the usability of HeartFocus guidance. For primary clinical parameters, the range

was 87.5% to 98.3%. Similarly, for secondary clinical parameters, the range was 87.1% to

99.6%.


To provide a robust assessment of the performance of HeartFocus guidance, subjects enrolled

in the study included a broad range of patient characteristics representative of the intended use

population. The standard of care echo revealed a high proportion of cardiac abnormalities

(70.4%). In addition, many of the study patients were inpatients or had other challenging

characteristics, such as high BMI (59.6% with BMI > 25) and cardiac implantable devices

(18.8%).


Subgroup  analyses  were  conducted  to  evaluate  the  impact  of  specific  baseline and

demographic  characteristics   (i.e.,  BMI, presence  of known  cardiac  abnormalities, scan

sequence number within each acquiring nurse, and study site) on the outcomes of the primary

and secondary endpoints. The results demonstrated consistent performance across subgroups.


Furthermore,  it was evaluated whether the RN users were able to obtain a high proportion of

clips  that  were  considered  diagnostic  quality.  Specifically,  the  eight  (8) RNs  acquired

echocardiographic  clips of diagnostic-image quality  for each of the standard views in the

following proportion of study exams conducted.


15

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                 Apr 4, 2025


                      Table 5: Study results: diagnostic-quality clips

        View                                Percent of diagnostic quality
                           % [95% Wilson CI*]

       PLAX                                       97.5 [94.7;98.8]

       PSAX-AV                                  89.2 [84.6;92.5]

       PSAX-MV                                 90.8 [86.5;93.9]

       PSAX-PM                                 97.1 [94.1;98.6]

       A4C                                      96.2 [93.0;98.0]

       A5C                                      93.3 [89.4;95.9]

       A2C                                      82.5 [77.2;86.8]

       A3C                                      90.0 [85.6;93.2]

       SC-4C                                    89.2 [84.6;92.5]

        SC-IVC                                   77.5 [71.8;82.3]

             *Wilson Score method is used due to the point estimate is at or near borderline of 100%

The objective was to acquire 10 clips per patient, so in total, 2400 clips. Novices recorded 2362

clips and missed 38 clips. Among the recorded clips, 67.4% of the clips were saved with the

“Auto record” feature, 21.3% with the “Best-effort record” feature, and 11.3% with the “manual

record” feature.

99.7%  of  the  clips recorded  with the “Auto  record”  feature were  of  diagnostic  quality,

demonstrating the high  specificity  of  this  feature. 93.9%  of the  clips recorded with the

“best-effort record” feature were of diagnostic quality, and 40.5% of the clips recorded with the

“manual record” feature were of diagnostic quality.

The average acquisition time per limited exam for novices in both centers was 23.6 ±10.6
minutes.


16

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN

HeartFocus could expand  its compatibility to additional ultrasound systems and additional

operating systems. This will be addressed through 3 modifications in the Predetermined Change

Control Plan (PCCP).

   ● M1 - Retraining of the core algorithms: This modification’s scope is the retraining of the

      AI/ML models in the perspective of validating a new manufacturer prior to an M2. The

       modification is limited to retraining with additional data without changing the models’

        architecture or training procedure. It notably describes the data collection to retrain the

      models and the evaluation plan to validate the performance of the retrained models on

       the already-cleared ultrasound systems.

   ● M2 - Extend the use of the ML-DSF with new ultrasound systems: This modification’s

      scope is the validation of HeartFocus on new ultrasound systems. It notably describes

       the data collection and evaluation plan to validate the performance of the AI/ML models

      on the new ultrasound system.

   ● M3 - Extend the use of the ML-DSF with new operating systems: This modification’s

      scope is the extension of the compatibility with new operating systems.


M1 and M2 will both be triggered when DESKi makes a partnership with a new ultrasound

manufacturer, and will always be performed together.


Table 6 describes, for each modification, its rationale and how  it will be tested to ensure the

safety and effectiveness of the device after the modification.


17

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


                     Table 6: Rationale and testing for each modification

 Modification             Rationale                       Testing

 M1 - Retraining of the     Enhance the performance of the    Execute AI performance on
 core algorithms            AI models in the perspective of     the reference test set and
                          extending the use of the ML-DS    system-level validation tests
                             with new ultrasound systems

 M2 - Extend the use of    Enable support for a broader       Execute AI performance tests
 the ML-DSF with new     range of ultrasound systems      on new system test set and
 ultrasound systems                                           system-level validation test

 M3 - Extend the use of    Enable support for a broader       Execute system-level
 the ML-DSF with new     range of devices                     validation test
 operating systems


Table 7 describes the requirements for the ultrasound systems that can be cleared through the

PCCP (M1+M2).

                         Table 7: Ultrasound system requirements

 Requirement                        Description

 FDA-cleared ultrasound system             ●  Ultrasound system shall be FDA-cleared
 compatible with HeartFocus’ intended       ●  Validated for cardiac use
 use                                         ●  Validated for use on adults

 Integration features                         ●  Technical integration shall allow HeartFocus
                                                     to access live ultrasound stream
                                              ● Compatible for an integration on
                                             HeartFocus’ operating systems

 Minimal specifications                       ● The ultrasound system shall provide an
                                        image stream at a minimum of 15 frames
                                              per second.
                                              ●  Center or nominal frequency within 2–5
                                      MHz, suitable for adult transthoracic
                                            echocardiography
                                              ●  At least 30 cm depth, to allow full
                                                     visualization of adult cardiac structures
                                              ● 2D B-mode imaging (grayscale)
                                              ● Cone-shaped field of view with an opening
                                             angle of at least 80 degrees


18

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


For each M1+M2, at least 20 new patients (~270k frames) collected with the new ultrasound

system will be added to the train set to retrain the AI/ML models. The hyperparameters will be

tuned for the retraining of the AI/ML algorithms (if necessary). Additional testing data will be

collected on the new ultrasound system to validate  it. 40 US patients (~400 clips) and 40

non-US (~540k frames) patients will be included, ensuring that at least 25% of patients have a

BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2.


The performance of the retrained algorithms will be validated on: the reference test set (used in

the initial 510(k) submission), the test set(s) collected for the validation of ultrasound systems

through previous M1+M2 (if applicable), and the new test set collected on the new ultrasound

system. Performance testing on all these data should meet the success criteria defined in Table

8. Performance testing will integrate subgroup analysis on the ultrasound system.


     Table 8: Primary objectives, endpoints, and success criteria for M1+M2 modifications.

 Feature    AI/ML        Objective       Endpoint          Success Criteria
            Algorithm

 Diagnostic-  View             Ability to classify  Cohen’s kappa      Lower bound of the
 quality       Classification  ultrasound       score between the   95% confidence
 view                    images with      model’s predictions    interval of the Cohen’s
 detection                      similar accuracy  and the ground      kappa score > 0.6
                         as experts         truth labels made by  (substantial
                                              experts (by frame)    agreement) for the 10
                                                                    reference view

 Live        Guidance       Ability to provide  Positive predictive   Lower bound of the
 guidance                   successful        value of successful  95% confidence
                          guidance cues    guidance cues (by     interval of the positive
                        on ultrasound     frame)                 predictive value > 0.8
                          frames                                       for the 10 reference
                                                               views

 Auto       View             Ability to save     Positive predictive   Lower bound of the
 record        Classification   high-quality       value of high-quality  95% confidence
           + Recording   records          records among        interval of the positive
                            according to      auto-records (by      predictive value > 0.6
                             experts              clip)               and point estimate of
                                                                    the positive predictive
                                                                  value > 0.8 for the 10
                                                                    reference views


19

DESKi                      HeartFocus 510(k) Summary                  Apr 4, 2025


In case M1+M2 fails (success criteria are not met), a single second iteration of M1+M2 will be

performed. For the second iteration, the algorithm will be retrained using the existing training

dataset and the non-US testing data (40 patients from the new ultrasound system) collected

during the first M1+M2 iteration. A new test set of 40 non-US patients and 40 US patients will be

collected using the new ultrasound system. The algorithm will then be evaluated using this new

test set as well as the reference test set used in the initial 510(k) submission (34 patients from

the standalone study and 240 patients from the clinical study, using retrospective analysis) and

the test set(s) collected for the validation of previously cleared ultrasound systems (40 US + 40

non-US patients for each previously cleared ultrasound systems).  If the second iteration of

M1+M2 is not successful, the extension to the new ultrasound system will not be carried out

through this PCCP. Each iteration of M1+M2 will be documented.


CONCLUSION

The HeartFocus software is similar in its technological features to its predicate device, Caption

Guidance (DEN 190040). Both systems are intended as an assistive tool to aid medical

professionals in the acquisition of cardiac ultrasound images, citing the same echocardiographic

views. Both systems apply deep learning based algorithms to emulate the expertise of a

sonographer by providing real-time guidance on how to position the transducer on the patient’s

body. Both are installed on a third-party, previously cleared ultrasound device. There are minor

technological differences between the subject and the predicate device, such as the compatible

scanner probe and minor differences in how guidance is provided to the user, however, these

differences do not raise new or different questions of safety or effectiveness since the principal

technology on which the device is based is similar. Thus, Heartfocus is substantially equivalent.


20