April 11, 2025
Oncospace, Inc.
Sigrid Schoepel
Regulatory Affairs
1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
Baltimore, Maryland 21205


Re: K242748
    Trade/Device Name: Oncospace
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: March 12, 2025
    Received: March 12, 2025

Dear Sigrid Schoepel:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242748 - Sigrid Schoepel                                                             Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242748 - Sigrid Schoepel                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242748
Device Name
Oncospace
Indications for Use (Describe)
Oncospace is used to configure and review radiotherapy treatment plans for a patient with malignant
or benign disease in the head and neck, thoracic, abdominal, and pelvic regions. It allows for set up
of radiotherapy treatment protocols, association of a potential treatment plan with the protocol(s),
submission of a dose prescription and achievable dosimetric goals to a treatment planning system,
and review of the treatment plan. It is intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy
professionals (such as medical physicists, oncologists, and dosimetrists). This device is for
prescription use by order of a physician.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) im Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242748
                                                                                    Page 1 of 10

                                 510(k) Summary

   I.  SUBMITTER
Oncospace, Inc.
1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
Baltimore, MD 21205 USA


Phone: 608-335-3176
Email: Sigrid.Schoepel@oncospace.com
Contact Person: Sigrid Schoepel

Date Prepared: 2025 March 7


  II.  DEVICE
Name of Device: Oncospace
Common or Usual Name: System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system (21 CFR 892.5050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: MUJ


 III.  PREDICATE DEVICE
Oncospace, K222803
This predicate device has not been the subject of a recall.

IV.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Oncospace software supports radiation oncologists and medical dosimetrists during radiotherapy
treatment planning. The software includes locked machine learning algorithms. During treatment
planning, the Oncospace software works in conjunction with, and does not replace, a treatment planning
system (TPS).
The Oncospace software is intended to augment the treatment planning process by:
    •   allowing the radiation oncologist to select and customize a treatment planning protocol that
        includes dose prescription (number of fractions, dose per fraction, dose normalization), a delivery
       method (beam type and geometry), and protocol-based dosimetric goals/objectives for treatment
         targets, and organs at risk (OAR);
    •   predicting dosimetric goals/objectives for OARs based on patient-specific anatomical geometry;


  oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                    Page 2 of 10


    •   automating the initiation of plan optimization on a TPS by supplying the dose prescription,
        delivery method, protocol-based target objectives, and predicted OAR objectives;
    •   providing a user interface for plan evaluation against protocol-based and predicted goals.
Diagnosis and treatment decisions occur prior to treatment planning and do not involve Oncospace.
Decisions involving Oncospace are restricted to setting of dosimetric goals for use during plan
optimization and plan evaluation. Human judgement continues to be applied in accepting these goals and
updating them as necessary during the iterative beam optimization process. Human judgement is also still
applied as in standard practice during plan quality assessment; the protocol-based OAR goals are used as
the primary means of plan assessment, with the role of the predicted goals being to provide additional
information as to whether dose to an OAR may be able to be further lowered.
When Oncospace is used in conjunction with a TPS, the user retains full control of the TPS, including
finalization of the treatment plan created for the patient. Oncospace also does not interface with the
treatment machines. The risk to patient safety is lower than a TPS since it only informs the treatment plan,
does not allow region of interest editing, does not make treatment decisions, and does not interface
directly with the treatment machine or any record and verify system.
Oncospace’s OAR dose prediction approach, and the use of predictions in end-to-end treatment planning
workflow, has been tested for use with a variety of cancer treatment plans. These included a wide range of
target and OAR geometries, prescriptions and boost strategies (sequential and simultaneous delivery).
Validity has thus been demonstrated for the range of prediction model input features encountered in the
test cases. This range is representative of the diversity of the same feature types (describing target-OAR
proximity, target and OAR shapes, sizes, etc.) encountered across all cancer sites. Given that the same
feature types will be used in OAR dose prediction models trained for all sites, the modeling approach
validated here is not cancer site specific, but rather is designed to predict OAR DVHs based on impactful
features common to all sites. The software is designed to be used in the context of all forms of intensitymodulated photon beam radiotherapy. The planning objectives themselves are intended to be TPSindependent: these are instead dependent on the degree of organ sparing possible given the beam modality
and range of delivery techniques for plans in the database. To facilitate streamlined transmission of
DICOM files and plan parameters Oncospace includes scripts using the treatment planning system’s
scripting language (for example, Pinnacle).
The Oncospace software includes an algorithm for transforming non-standardized OAR names used by
treatment planners to standardized names defined by AAPM Task Group 263. This matching process
primarily uses a table of synonyms that is updated as matches are made during use of the product, as well
as a Natural Language Processing (NLP) model that attempts to match plan names not already in the
synonym table. The NLP model selects the most likely match, which may be a correct match to a standard
OAR name, an incorrect match, or no match (when the model considers this to be most likely, such as for
names resembling a target). The user can also manually match names using a drop-down menu of all TG-
263 OAR names. The user is instructed to check each automated match and make corrections using the
drop-down menu as needed.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                    Page 3 of 10

 V.   INDICATIONS FOR USE
Oncospace is used to configure and review radiotherapy treatment plans for a patient with malignant or
benign disease in the head and neck, thoracic, abdominal, and pelvic regions. It allows for set up of
radiotherapy treatment protocols, association of a potential treatment plan with the protocol(s),
submission of a dose prescription and achievable dosimetric goals to a treatment planning system, and
review of the treatment plan. It is intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy professionals
(such as medical physicists, oncologists, and dosimetrists). This device is for prescription use by order of
a physician.

VI.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
     PREDICATE DEVICE
The Oncospace subject device is a software-only medical device that performs the same functions as the
Oncospace predicate device. The following differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:
    •  The prostate, head, and neck models have been updated to improve performance.
    •  The thoracic, abdominal, and gynecological regions have been added using the same machine
        learning methods as in the predicate device.
Note: The subject device algorithms, and any future algorithm updates, are locked prior to clinical use.
 Element           Subject                          Predicate                       Conclusion
 Device Name      Oncospace                     Oncospace                           Identical
 510(k) Owner      Oncospace, Inc.                  Oncospace, Inc.
 510(k) Number      --                           K222803
 Product Code    MUJ                   MUJ                                 Identical
 Product Name     System, Planning, Radiation        System, Planning, Radiation         Identical
                   Therapy Treatment               Therapy Treatment
 Intended Use      Oncospace is used to configure     Oncospace is used to configure      Substantially
                   and review radiotherapy treatment  and review radiotherapy treatment   Equivalent
                      plans for a patient with malignant   plans for a patient with malignant
                                                                         Added thoracic                      or benign disease in the head and    or benign disease in the prostate,
                     neck, thoracic, abdominal, and      head, and neck regions. It allows    and abdominal
                      pelvic regions. It allows for set up   for set up of radiotherapy            regions, added
                      of radiotherapy treatment           treatment protocols, association of   gynecological
                       protocols, association of a          a potential treatment plan with the   sites to expand
                        potential treatment plan with the     protocol(s), submission of a dose    the prostate
                        protocol(s), submission of a dose    prescription and achievable         reference to the
                       prescription and achievable         dosimetric goals to a treatment      pelvic region.
                      dosimetric goals to a treatment      planning system, and review of
                     planning system, and review of      the treatment plan. It is intended
                      the treatment plan. It is intended     for use by qualified, trained
                        for use by qualified, trained          radiation therapy professionals
                       radiation therapy professionals      (such as medical physicists,
                     (such as medical physicists,         oncologists, and dosimetrists).
                       oncologists, and dosimetrists).      This device is for prescription use
                                                by order of a physician.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                   Page 4 of 10


Element           Subject                          Predicate                       Conclusion
                   This device is for prescription use
                 by order of a physician.
Operating        Windows/Web-browser           Windows/Web-browser              Identical
System
Platform           Client-Server (Clinic-provided      Client-Server (Clinic-provided       Identical
                       client machines, cloud Windows     client machines, cloud Windows
                     servers controlled by Oncospace)    servers controlled by Oncospace)
DICOM-RT      Yes                          Yes                                  Identical
Compliant
Full Treatment   No                      No                                   Identical
Planning System
Connected to or   No                      No                                   Identical
Controlling of
Radiation
Delivery Devices
Typical Users      Medical professionals, including    Medical professionals, including     Identical
                    but not limited to, radiation         but not limited to, radiation
                      oncologists, medical physicists or   oncologists, medical physicists or
                     physicians.                          physicians.
Patient            There are no demographic,         There are no demographic,           Identical
Population          regional, or cultural limitations      regional, or cultural limitations
                      for patients. It is up to the user to    for patients. It is up to the user to
                   determine if the system can be      determine if the system can be
                   used for a patient.                 used for a patient.
Body Regions     Head and neck                 Head and neck                New:
                                                                                      Gynecologic,                   Thoracic                            Prostate                                                                                                    thoracic, and
                 Abdominal                                                      abdominal organs
                     Pelvic                                                                        Identical: Head
                                                                               and neck, prostate                 The thoracic, abdominal, and
                    gynecological regions have been
                  added using the same machine
                     learning methods as in the
                     predicate device.
Environment      The system can be used in a       The system can be used in a         Identical
                      hospital environment or in a         hospital environment or in a
                     doctor’s office.                     doctor’s office.
JPEG image      Yes                          Yes                                  Identical
support
Import            Yes. Import existing plans from     Yes. Import existing plans from     Identical
Treatment Plans    third-party systems to compare      third-party systems to compare
                   dose objectives against templates.   dose objectives against templates.


oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                   Page 5 of 10


Element           Subject                          Predicate                       Conclusion
“Template”        Yes. Factory-default plans with     Yes. Factory-default plans with      Identical
Treatment Plans   dose goals exist and users can      dose goals exist and users can
                    configure a dose template.          configure a dose template.
Automatic Initial   Yes. Regions of interest are        Yes. Regions of interest are          Identical
Tumor Selection   matched as the study is opened in   matched as the study is opened in
                     the device. Users can adjust or       the device. Users can adjust or
                  match to more available regions    match to more available regions
                     of interest.                         of interest.
Dose Objective     Yes. Comparisons can be done      Yes. Comparisons can be done      Identical
Comparison       between more than one selected    between more than one selected
                     treatment plan. Dose is based on    treatment plan. Dose is based on
                     calculated dose and curated, gold-   calculated dose and curated, goldstandard treatment plans.           standard treatment plans.
Image Viewer      Yes. Display, pan, zoom, scroll,     Yes. Display, pan, zoom, scroll,     Identical
Capabilities       windowing, viewport layout.       windowing, viewport layout.
Calculate and     Yes                          Yes                                  Identical
Display Isodose
Lines
Calculate and     Yes                          Yes                                  Identical
Display Dose
Volume
Histograms
Compare Dose    Yes                          Yes                                  Identical
from Multiple
Plans
Dose             Yes                          Yes                                  Identical
Summation/
Treatment-OverTime Data
Plan Review       Yes. Contains features for review   Yes. Contains features for review    Identical
                     of isodose lines, review of DVHs,   of isodose lines, review of DVHs,
                   dose comparison and dose         dose comparison and dose
                  summation.                      summation.
Export Plan        Yes. Can export the selected plan   Yes. Can export the selected plan    Identical
Information         for review and setup by a            for review and setup by a
                      dosimetrist.                          dosimetrist.


                  Oncospace does not export a final   Oncospace does not export a final
                      plan, it will not export to a record-   plan, it will not export to a recordand-verify system.                  and-verify system.


oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                     Page 6 of 10

VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA
The following verification and validation testing results (performance data) support the substantial
equivalence determination. Since this is a software-only medical device that does not control other
devices the performance data does not include biocompatibility, electrical safety, electromagnetic
compatibility, mechanical, acoustic, or animal testing.
The verification tests met all system requirements and acceptance criteria which address clinical, standard
user interface, and cybersecurity requirements for the Oncospace device.
The validation testing for dose prediction was performed using retrospective clinical data. The Oncospace
device’s purpose is to reduce the effort needed to achieve a clinically viable and deliverable radiation
treatment plan by supplying a treatment planning system with patient-specific plan optimization
objectives derived from Oncospace dose predictions. Thus a trial of clinical performance was designed to
demonstrate that plan quality, as represented by mean organ-at-risk (OAR) dose sparing, is non-inferior to
that of plans created without use of Oncospace.. A comparison of target coverage was also made, because
a comparison of OAR sparing is only valid if target coverage is maintained. Reduction in effort for the
plans created with use of Oncospace was ensured by the planner using only the OAR optimization
objective dose values supplied by Oncospace (rather than being allowed to adjust them via the usual trialand-error process). Sample sizes were determined by estimating variance in mean OAR dose so that the
trial would have 80% power at a significance level of 0.05 and a non-inferiority margin of 10 Gy. The
head and neck and prostate models have previously undergone clinical performance testing, so for these
only model performance testing (comparison of predicted dose values to ground truth values) was
repeated here. Please note the distinction here between clinical performance testing (maintaining plan
quality when Oncospace-derived objectives are used) and model performance testing (model accuracy).
Table 1summarizes the characteristics of the datasets used for model development and internal testing,
external performance testing, and clinical validation. Some datasets were fully decoupled from the
medical record such that technique information could not be linked.

             Development (Training/Tuning)
 Anatomical                                      External Performance Test
            and Internal Performance Testing                                       Clinical Validation Dataset
 Location                                                 Dataset(s)
               Dataset (randomly split 80/20)

 Head and   1145 treatment plans for patients   Dataset A: 265 patients who  18 patients who received
 Neck      who received radiation therapy for  received radiation therapy    radiation therapy for HNC at
          HNC at Johns Hopkins University    for HNC at Institution_2.     JHU between 2021-2022. This
            between 2008-2019.               Plans were required to        included plans with 1-4 target
                                                     exhibit 90% target coverage.  dose levels, 10 to 48 fractions,              Plans were required to exhibit 90%
                                    11% of the plans were         in a variety of anatomical               target coverage.
                                                     single-target and 89% were    locations: lip, larynx, base of           10% of the plans were singleSIB (3% 2-target, 41% 3-      tongue, parotid, nasopharynx,               target and 90% were SIB (19% 2-
                                                      target, 45% 4-target). 98% of  scalp, neck, etc. HN was                target, 51% 3-target, 20% 4-
                                                 plans had a total prescribed    clinically validated in a previous                target).
                                           dose >= 60 Gy, 2% had a     510k submission.
           96% of plans had a total                                                       total prescribed dose < 60
              prescribed dose >= 60 Gy, 4% had                                               Gy.
             a total prescribed dose < 60 Gy.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                    Page 7 of 10


            Development (Training/Tuning)
Anatomical                                      External Performance Test
           and Internal Performance Testing                                       Clinical Validation Dataset
Location                                                 Dataset(s)
              Dataset (randomly split 80/20)
           The dataset contained 35% IMRT,   Dataset B: 27 patients who
          27% VMAT, 15% tomotherapy, 2%  received radiation therapy
          3D conformal, and 22%              for HNC at Institution_3.
             unspecified plans.                  Plans were required to
                                                    exhibit 90% target coverage.
                                                           All plans had 3 targets and
                                                      total prescribed dose >= 60
                                              Gy.

Thoracic    1623 treatment plans (1437 lung                            20 patients (14 lung and 6
           and 186 esophagus) for patients                               esophagus) who received
         who received radiation therapy for                                 radiation therapy at JHU
             thoracic cancer at Johns Hopkins                            between 2021-2024. This
              University between 2008-2019.                                  included targets in multiple
                                                                                 locations within the lungs and             Plans were required to exhibit 92%
                                                                        esophagus, including single-             target coverage.
                                                                                     target, SIB, and multi-phase          82% of plans had a total
                                                                               courses, treated with             prescribed dose >= 45 Gy, 18%
                                                                             conventional- and hypo-           had a total prescribed dose < 45
                                                                                    fractionation, and SBRT.            Gy.
          57% of plans had conventional
              fractionation (dose per fraction
            <2.3Gy) and 43% were hypofractionated plans.

Abdominal  712 treatment plans for patients                            17 patients (11 pancreas and 6
         who received radiation therapy for                                       liver) who received radiation
             pancreatic cancer at Johns                                     therapy for at JHU between
            Hopkins University between 2008-                             2021-2024. This included
            2019, and 69 treatment plans                                       single-target and SIB courses,
           from patients who received                                      treated with conventional- and
              radiation therapy for liver cancer                                 hypo-fractionation and SBRT.
              at Montefiore Einstein
           Comprehensive Cancer Center.
             Plans were required to exhibit 85%
             target coverage.
         3% of plans had conventional
              fractionation (dose per fraction


oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                    Page 8 of 10


             Development (Training/Tuning)
 Anatomical                                      External Performance Test
            and Internal Performance Testing                                       Clinical Validation Dataset
 Location                                                 Dataset(s)
               Dataset (randomly split 80/20)
             <2.3Gy) and 97% were hypofractionated plans.

 Pelvis      1785 treatment plans (1662       40 patients who received     17 patients (12 prostate and 5
              prostate and 123 gynecological)     radiation therapy for          gynecological) who received
               for patients who received          prostate cancer at             radiation therapy at JHU
               radiation therapy for pelvic cancer  Institution_3. Plans were     between 2021-2024. This
               at Johns Hopkins University         required to exhibit 94%       included single-target and SIB
            between 2008-2019.                target coverage. All plans     courses, treated with
                                         had conventional             conventional- and hypo-              Plans were required to exhibit 94%
                                                     fractionation.                 fractionation and SBRT.              target coverage.
                                                                              Prostate was clinically validated          98% of plans had conventional
                                                                                         in previous 510k submission.               fractionation (dose per fraction
             <2.3Gy) and 2% were hypofractionated plans.
          37% of plans had at least one
            phase with a nodal PTV, and 63%
              did not.
            The Prostate dataset used in the
               Pelvis model contained 15% IMRT,
          46% VMAT, 14% tomotherapy,
            and 25% unspecified plans.
Table 1. Dataset characteristics.
Clinical performance testing involved comparison of plans generated with the aid of the Oncospace
software to heterogenous sets of traditionally-planned clinical treatment plans.
Model performance testing involved comparison of DVH difference metrics with acceptance criteria.
    •   For the head and neck model, clinical performance testing was previously performed for the
        following OARs: brain, brainstem, spinal cord, left and right cranial nerve VIII (acoustic nerve),
          left and right parotid glands, left and right eyes, left and right lens, left and right optic nerve, optic
       chiasm, oral cavity, soft palate, glottis, cricopharyngeus, esophagus, sublingual gland, mandible
       bone, left and right submandibular glands, left and right cochlea, thyroid gland, and pharyngeal
        constrictor muscle(s).
    •   For the abdominal model, clinical performance testing was performed for the following OARs:
       bowel, duodenum, heart, left and right kidneys, liver, spinal canal, and stomach.
    •   For the thoracic model, clinical performance testing was performed for the following OARs:
       esophagus, heart, left and right kidneys, liver, left and right lungs, both lungs, spinal canal,
       stomach, and trachea.
    •   For the pelvis model, clinical performance testing for gynecological was performed for the
        following OARs: bladder, bowel, left and right femur heads, rectum, sigmoid colon. Previously,


  oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                    Page 9 of 10


         clinical performance testing for prostate was performed for the following OARs: bladder, left and
         right femur heads, rectum, sigmoid colon, penile bulb, and bowel bag.
    In clinical performance testing, for the plans using Oncospace, mean dose was statistically
    significantly lower for 5 OARs for abdominal and 4 OAR for pelvis (gynecological), and there were
   no statistically significant differences in mean dose for any of the remaining 11 OARs for thoracic, 3
   OARs for abdominal, and 2 OARs for pelvis (gynecological). The trial demonstrated non-inferiority
    of mean OAR dose to 2.2 Gy for thoracic, 1 Gy for abdominal, and 1.9 Gy for pelvis (gynecological).
    There was no statistically significant difference in target coverage between clinical plans and plans
    created with use of the Oncospace system. Out of all the plans tested no plan required more
    optimization cycles using Oncospace versus using traditional radiation treatment planning clinical
    workflow.
    All models met acceptance criteria for internal model performance. In external model performance
    testing for H&N plans, for Institution 2, mean absolute error in OAR DVH dose values is within 5%
    of the prescription dose value for 9/12 OARs, and does not exceed 9% for any OARs; for Institution
    3, mean absolute error in OAR DVH dose values is within 5% of the prescription dose value for
    10/12 OARs, and does not exceed 8% for any OARs. In external model performance testing for
    prostate plans, for Institution 3, mean absolute error in OAR DVH dose values is within 5% of the
    prescription dose value for 4/6 OARs, are 5.1% for one OAR, and 15.9% for one OAR. The small
    systematic differences between predicted and actual dose values are as expected given interinstitutional differences/preferences in contouring and in trade-offs between target coverage and OAR
    sparing.

The NLP model used for transforming non-standardized OAR names to standardized TG-263
names was trained using known name matches in the prostate, gynecological, head and neck,
thoracic, and pancreas cancer datasets licensed to Oncospace by Johns Hopkins University. The
model has undergone 5-fold cross validation, and external validation, for each anatomic region.
During 5-fold cross-validation all models achieved a validation macro-averaged F1 score above
0.92 and accuracy above 96% for classifying previously unseen terms. The external testing
dataset contained a total of 221 structures with 145 unique original names. The model correctly
matched 207/221 (94.1%) of all structure names, or 131/145 (91.0%) unique structure names.

Conclusion

Verification and validation (including performance testing) was conducted in accordance with FDA
guidance recommendations to confirm the device design met all specifications, user needs, and was
acceptable to qualified clinical users. Oncospace has passed all the tests and the provided testing results
demonstrate safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. It is therefore concluded that
Oncospace is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA

K242748
                                                                                     Page 10 of 10

VIII.  CONCLUSIONS
 The subject Oncospace device is similar in intended use and functionality to the predicate Oncospace
 device. Oncospace has the same technological characteristics and features as the previously cleared
 device and does not raise new questions of safety or efficacy compared to the predicate device as
 demonstrated through the system design and testing.
 Non-clinical and clinical verification, validation, and performance testing was conducted to confirm the
 device design met user needs and specifications and was acceptable to qualified clinical and non-clinical
 users. Oncospace has passed the verification and validation tests and provided clinical performance
 testing results with a library clinical dataset in order to demonstrate safety or effectiveness as compared to
 the predicate device. It is therefore concluded that the subject Oncospace device is substantially
 equivalent to the predicate Oncospace device.


   oncospace.com                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
   info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                       Baltimore, MD 21205 USA