February 28, 2025

Heroic Faith International Ltd.
℅ Pierre Bounaud
Principal Consultant
Rqm+
2790 Mosside Blvd, Suite 800
Monroeville, Pennsylvania 15146


Re: K242798
    Trade/Device Name: Airmod
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.2375
    Regulation Name: Breathing Frequency Monitor
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: BZQ
    Dated: September 13, 2024
    Received: September 16, 2024

Dear Pierre Bounaud:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242798 - Pierre Bounaud                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242798 - Pierre Bounaud                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                           Rachana Visaria -S

                                        Rachana Visaria, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT1C: Division of Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, and Sleep Devices
                                  OHT1: Office of Ophthalmic, Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, ENT, and Dental Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                   Indications for Use                          See PRA Statementbelow.

510(k) Number (ifknown)
K242798

Device Name
Airmod


Indications for Use (Describe)
Airmod, when used in conjunction with AccurSound Electronic Stethoscope AS-101,  is a software as medical device
intended to be used for the continuous, non-invasive monitoring of respiratory rate (RR) in adult patients who are
subjected to procedural sedation and/or anesthesia.

Airmod is intended for use by healthcare professionals in hospitals and healthcare facilities who are legally credentialed to
perform procedural sedation and/or anesthesia.

Airmod is intended for Android-based devices only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                             Page  1 of 1                                                 PSCPubling Servimces (301) 443-6740   EF

K242798


                            510(k) SUMMARY

DATE PREPARED
February 28, 2025

MANUFACTURER AND 510(k) OWNER
Heroic Faith International Ltd.
18F., No. 460, Sec. 4, Xinyi Rd., Xinyi Dist.
Taipei City, 110 Taiwan (R.O.C.)
Telephone:    +886-22659-0291
Official Contact: Yuan-Ren Cheng, CEO

REPRESENTATIVE/CONSULTANT
Pierre Bounaud, Ph.D.
Allison Komiyama, Ph.D. RAC
RQM+
Email: pbounaud@rqmplus.com, akomiyama@rqmplus.com

DEVICE INFORMATION
Proprietary Name/Trade Name:     AirmodTM
Regulation Name:                  Breathing frequency monitor
Regulation Number:              21 CFR 868.2375
Class:                                       II
Product Code:              BZQ
Premarket Review:             OHT1/ Division of Anesthesia, Respiratory, and Sleep
                                 Devices (DHT1C)
Review Panel:                     Anesthesiology

PREDICATE DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
AirmodTM is substantially equivalent to the following predicates:
510(k) Number   Predicate Device Name / Manufacturer          Primary      Reference
                                                                 Predicate     Device
K111933        Covidien Nellcor Respiration Rate Software,
                Version 1.0 and Covidien Nellcor Adult       
                 Respiratory Sensor / Covidien
K120984      Masimo Acoustic Monitoring Sensors / Masimo             
                 Corporation
The predicate devices have not been subject to a design related recall.

DEVICE DESCRIPTION
AirmodTM is an Android-based software application designed to aid healthcare professionals by
monitoring a sedated and/or anesthetized patient’s breathing in real time. The device has an AIbased algorithm that can detect inhalation acoustics and provides respiratory rates based on the
analysis of the acoustic signals of breathing sounds collected by AccurSound Electronic
Stethoscope AS-101. AirmodTM is intended for the continuous monitoring of respiratory rate (RR)
in adults who are subjected to procedural sedation. AirmodTM is designed for use in hospitals and
healthcare facilities performing procedural sedation/anesthesia. The device is not intended for
patients who are not anesthetized/sedated.

K242798


INDICATIONS FOR USE
AirmodTM, when used in conjunction with AccurSound Electronic Stethoscope AS-101, is a
software as medical device intended to be used for the continuous, non-invasive monitoring of
respiratory rate (RR) in adult patients who are subjected to procedural sedation and/or
anesthesia. AirmodTM is intended for use by healthcare professionals in hospitals and healthcare
facilities who are legally credentialed to perform procedural sedation and/or anesthesia.
AirmodTM is intended for Android-based devices only.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
Heroic Faith International believes that AirmodTM is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device based on the information summarized here:

The subject device has the same intended use and a similar design as the primary predicate
device cleared in K111933, i.e., a software intended to be used with sensors as input to provide
continuous, non-invasive monitoring of respiratory rates in a hospital setting. While the primary
predicate was cleared as a system with specific sensors, the subject device is a software only
device that is designed to accept sound files from a digital stethoscope as input.

The subject device has a different intended population than the primary predicate, i.e., it is intended
for adults undergoing procedural sedation or anesthesia while the predicate is intended for adults in
hospitals and hospital-type facilities. This intended population of the subject device is a subset of
the intended population of the primary predicate and does not constitute a new intended use.

The subject device shares some technological characteristics with the primary predicate
(K111933). Both are software with data from sensors as input and they both provide a respiratory
rate measurement as output with a similar range and accuracy. The main differences in
technological characteristics between the two devices are:

       Principle of operation. AirmodTM uses acoustic signals produced by the turbulent
       airflow in the upper airway that occurs during inhalation and exhalation for input. Those
        signals are recorded by microphones on a digital stethoscope. Signal processing
       algorithms then convert the acoustic patterns into breath cycles to calculate a respiratory
         rate. The primary predicate device uses pulse oximetry technology, sensors and
      workflows to derive respiration rate based on the changes in the photoplethysmogram
      waveform that occur as a result of breathing. Heroic Faith has conducted performance
        clinical testing to validate that the type of signals used by AirmodTM is compatible with
       the intended use of the device. Due to the similarities in technology (i.e., acoustic sensor,
       sensor application site), Masimo Acoustic Monitoring Sensors cleared in K120984 is
       used as a reference device to further support the use of acoustic signals for respiratory
        rate monitoring in a clinical setting.

      Sensor application site. The site of measurement on the patient is based on the mode of
       operation of the device. Since AirmodTM uses acoustic signals generated in the upper
       airway, the input sensor is placed on the patient’s neck, while the primary predicate
       device has the sensor placed on the patient’s finger to leverage pulse oximetry
       technology. Heroic Faith has conducted performance clinical testing to validate that the
         site of measurement used by AirmodTM is compatible with the intended use of the device.
     Due to the similarities in technology (i.e., acoustic sensor, sensor application site),
     Masimo Acoustic Monitoring Sensors cleared in K120984 is used as a reference device
        to further support the use of acoustic signals for respiratory rate monitoring in a clinical

K242798


        setting.

      Software interface/platform. AirmodTM is a software as medical device intended as a
      mobile application to be installed on compatible operating systems such as Android 10
      and 11. Heroic Faith has conducted software V&V testing to validate AirmodTM as a
      mobile application for Android devices. Due to the similarities in technology (i.e.,
       acoustic sensor, sensor application site), Masimo Acoustic Monitoring Sensors cleared in
      K120984 is used as a reference device to further support the use of acoustic signals for
        respiratory rate monitoring in a clinical setting.

A summary of the technological characteristics of the subject device and the predicate devices is
presented in the table below.

                             Subject Device              Predicate Device            Reference Device
                            AirmodTM                Covidien Nellcor          Masimo Acoustic
                                                       Respiration Rate Software,       Monitoring Sensors
                                                          Version 1.0

                                                   K111933                 K120984
Indications for Use    AirmodTM, when used in     The Covidien Nellcor        The Rainbow Acoustic
                       conjunction with              Respiration Rate Software,    Monitoring sensors and
                    AccurSound Electronic      when used in conjunction      cables are indicated for
                       Stethoscope AS-101, is a      with a Nellcor pulse           continuous, noninvasive
                       software as medical device     oximeter and a Nellcor        monitoring of respiratory
                       intended to be used for the     Respiration Rate Sensor, is     rate (RRa).
                        continuous, non-invasive      intended to be used for the    The RAS-125 is indicated
                       monitoring of respiratory      continuous, non-invasive       for adult patients in
                           rate (RR) in adult patients     monitoring of respiration       hospitals, hospital-type
                 who are subjected to            rate in adults in hospitals        facilities, mobile and home
                       procedural sedation and/or    and hospital-type facilities.     environments.
                         anesthesia.                                        The RAS-125c is indicated
                    AirmodTM is intended for use                                    for adult and pediatric
                    by healthcare professionals in                                   patients in hospitals,
                         hospitals and healthcare                                       hospital-type facilities,
                             facilities who are legally                                  mobile and home
                         credentialed to perform                                     environments.
                       procedural sedation and/or
                          anesthesia.
                    AirmodTM is intended for
                      Android-based devices
                         only.
Product Codes /     BZQ / 21 CFR 868.2375       Primary: BZQ / 21 CFR      Primary: DQA / 21 CFR
Regulation Number                                 868.2375                    870.2700
                                                   Secondary: DQA / 21        Secondary: BZQ / 21
                                     CFR 870.2700           CFR 868.2375
                                                   Secondary: DSA / 21 CFR
                                                   870.2900
Patient Population     Adults undergoing procedural  Adults                       Adults and pediatric
                         sedation and/or anesthesia
Use Environments     Hospitals and healthcare       Hospital and hospital-like      Hospitals, hospital-type
                              facilities                            facilities                            facilities, mobile and home
                                                                                environments
Device Components    Software                     Hardware (sensors)          Hardware (sensors)
                                                   Software                   Software

K242798


Principle of           Compatible stethoscope      The Respiration Rate         Sensor detects acoustic
Operation             with microphone records      Software uses pulse            signals produced by the
                         acoustic signals produced by   oximetry technology,          turbulent airflow in the
                         the turbulent airflow in the     sensors and workflows to      upper airway that occurs
                      upper airway that occurs       derive respiration rate based   during inhalation and
                       during inhalation and        on the changes in the           exhalation, while signal
                         exhalation, while signal       photoplethysmogram (pleth)   processing algorithms
                       processing algorithms        waveform that occur as a      convert the acoustic patterns
                       convert the acoustic patterns    result of breathing.             into breath cycles to
                          into breath cycles to                                            calculate respiration rate
                         calculate respiration rate
Mode of Operation    Continuous monitoring        Continuous monitoring        Continuous monitoring
Sensor Application    Neck                         Finger                    Neck
Site
Rate Measurement     Respiratory rate (RR) per      Respiratory rate (RR) per      Respiratory rate (RR) per
                    min                      min                      min
RR Range and          Clinical: 4-35 ±2.7 breath      Clinical: 4-40 ±1 breath per    Benchtop: 4-70 ±1 breath
Accuracy              per min                   min                          per min
                                                                                               Clinical:
                                                                                Adult: up to 30 breath
                                                                                       per minute
                                                                                 Pediatric: up to 50
                                                                                         breath per minute
Notifications/Alarms   User-adjustable notifications   User-adjustable alarms for    Unknown
                          for RR lower/upper limits   RR lower/upper limits
                     and speed of notifications
                        (every 1 or 2 seconds)
Software             Mobile device                  Patient monitor                 Patient monitor
Interface/Display
Software Platform    Mobile application for         Integrated software             Integrated software
                     Android 10 and 11 operating
                       systems


SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL TESTING
The following tests were performed to demonstrate safety and performance based on current
industry standards:
     Software testing per IEC 62304 and FDA’s guidance Content of Premarket Submissions for
      Device Software Functions.
     Cybersecurity testing per FDA’s guidance Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality
      System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions.
     Bench performance testing, including validation of the active noise cancellation
        functionality.

SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTING
Clinical testing was conducted to evaluate the non-inferiority of AirmodTM compared to the
Capnostream™35 capnography system during procedural sedation. The study included both
outside of US (OUS) and US populations, totaling 270 participants across multiple healthcare
facilities. Primary endpoints assessed the difference in respiratory rate measurements between
AirmodTM (airRR) and manual scored capnography (mancRR) with a performance goal of Root
Mean Square Error (RMSE) < 3 breaths per minute (BPM). Secondary endpoints examined
performance during periods of abnormal end-tidal CO2 graphs (ETF).

K242798


               Summary Table for All Point Estimates (airRR-mancRR)

     Test set      Mean Difference     Lower LOA       Upper LOA       RMSE
                    (95%CI)         (95%CI)         (95%CI)        (95% CI)
N=270                    -0.457               -6.211              5.297               2.689
                        (-0.519,-0.395)       (-6.437,-5.994)        (5.105,5.501)        (2.529,2.695)
(95% CI based on bootstrap data)

Overall, AirmodTM demonstrated a mean difference of -0.457 breaths per minute (BPM)
compared to mancRR (95% CI: -0.519 to -0.395). Additionally, the RMSE value for AirmodTM
was found to be 2.689 BPM (CI: 2.529, 2.695) when compared to manCRR, thus meeting the
primary outcome and demonstrating statistical equivalence to the reference device in the study.
Bland-Altman analysis, concordance correlation coefficients, and measures of bias and precision
further supported AirmodTM's performance.

CONCLUSION
Based on the testing performed, including software testing, cybersecurity testing, bench
performance testing and clinical testing, it can be concluded that the subject device does not raise
new issues of safety or effectiveness compared to the predicate devices. The similar indications
for use, technological characteristics, and performance characteristics for the proposed AirmodTM
are assessed to be substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.