ScanDiags AG
Stefan Voser
COO, Product Manager
Zwicky-Platz 1
Wallisellen, 8304
Switzerland
                                                                          February 21, 2025
Re: K242607
    Trade/Device Name: ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 21, 2025
    Received: January 21, 2025

Dear Stefan Voser:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242607 - Stefan Voser                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K242607 - Stefan Voser                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
===================  Submission Number (if known)I
  IDeviceK242607Name
                   MR-Q  ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine  I
  Indications for Use (Describe)
  ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software is an image-processing and measurement software tool   that provides quantitative spine measurements from previously-acquired DICOM lumbar spine  Magnetic Resonance (MR) images for users' review, analysis, and interpretation. It provides the   following functionality to assist users in visualizing, and documenting area and distance  measurements of relevant anatomical structures (vertebral body, intervertebral disc, neuroforamina,  thecal sac) of the lumbar spine:
  Feature Segmentation;
  Feature measurement; and
  Export of measurement results to a PDF report containing measurement results and overlay images   for user's review, revise and approval.
  ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software does not produce or recommend any type of medical  diagnosis or treatment. Instead, it simply helps users to more easily identify and classify features in  lumbar MR images and compile a report. The user is responsible for reviewing and verifying the  software-generated measurements and approving draft report content using their medical judgment  and discretion.
  The device is intended to be used only by hospitals and other medical institutions.
  Only DICOM images of MRI acquired from lumbar spine exams of patients aged 22 and above are  considered to be valid input. ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software does not support DICOM  images of patients that are pregnant, undergo MRI scan with contrast media, have post-operational Typecomplicationsof Use (Select oroneinfections.or both, as applicable)

                                                                    Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)              IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 1 of 7
1. Submitter            K242607

ScanDiags AG

Switzerland

Zwicky-Platz 1

Wallisellen, 8304


Contact Person:

Stefan Voser

stefanv@scandiags.ch

+41796927080

Date Prepared: January 21, 2025


2. Device Identification

2.1 Device

Trade Name               ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q
Common Name             Ortho L-Spine MR-Q
Classification Name         Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH
Regulatory Class            Class II


2.2 Predicate Device

Trade Name             CoLumbo
510(k) Submitter/Holder     Smart Soft Healthcare AD
510(k) Number            K220497
Classification Name         Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 2 of 7

3. Device Description

ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software is a software as a medical device (SaMD) intended for
visualization, and quantification of lumbar spine anatomical structures including vertebral bodies,
intervertebral discs, neuroforamina, thecal sacs from a set of standard lumbar spine MRI images in
DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) format. The semi-automatic segmentation of
these structures forms the bases for the distance and area measurement outputs. The software has
features for log-in, viewing, revising, and saving measurement results in addition to generating PDF
reports. The PDF report includes images, measurements.


ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software includes a viewing application (ScanDiags DICOM Viewer) to
visualize, review, and apply corrections to the measurement results shown as overlay on the original
lumbar spine MRI images. Pre-existing MR images of the lumber spine are uploaded into the software
for analysis. The semi-automatic segmentations are based on deep convolutional neural networks
(DCNN) which are developed by applying well-established supervised deep learning methods on
unstructured MRI scans (DICOM image format). ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q combines deep
learning, image analysis, as well as regression-based machine learning methods. The segmentations
and distance measurements are user modifiable. Results are reviewed and approved by the radiologist’s
user before a PDF report is generated. Once approved, the result PDF report is sent to the clinician’s
PACS system. The PACS system stores the PDF report within the corresponding patient MRI study.


ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q does not interface directly with any MR or data collection equipment;
instead, the software uploads data files previously generated by such equipment. Its functionality is
independent of the vendor type of the acquisition equipment. The analysis results are available on the
ScanDiags DICOM Viewer screen and can be edited, saved, and approved. The approved measurement
results are sent back to the PACS system as a Measurement Result PDF Report. The software does not
perform any functions that could not be accomplished by a trained user with manual tracing methods; the
purpose of the software is to save time and automate the tedious manual task of segmentation and
distance measurement.

ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software is an adjunct tool and is not intended to replace a radiologist’s
review of the MRI study, nor is it intended to replace his or her clinical judgment, and it does not detect,
diagnose or identify any abnormalities. Radiologists must not use the generated output as a primary
interpretation.


4. Indications for Use

ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software is an image-processing and measurement software tool that
provides quantitative spine measurements from previously-acquired DICOM lumbar spine Magnetic
Resonance (MR) images for users' review, analysis, and interpretation. It provides the following
functionality to assist users in visualizing, and documenting area and distance measurements of relevant
anatomical structures (vertebral body, intervertebral disc, neuroforamina, thecal sac) of the lumbar spine:

    •  Feature segmentation;

    •  Feature measurement; and

    •  Export of measurement results to a PDF report containing measurement results and overlay
      images for user's review, revise and approval.

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 3 of 7


ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software does not produce or recommend any type of medical
diagnosis or treatment. Instead, it simply helps users to more easily identify and classify features in
lumbar MR images and compile a report. The user is responsible for reviewing and verifying the
software-generated measurements and approving draft report content using their medical judgment and
discretion.

The device is intended to be used only by hospitals and other medical institutions.

Only DICOM images of MRI acquired from lumbar spine exams of patients aged 22 and above are
considered to be valid input. ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q software does not support DICOM images
of patients that are pregnant, undergo MRI scan with contrast media, have post-operational
complications or infections.


5. Summary of technological characteristics

The following table compares the key technological feature of the subject device (ScanDiags Ortho LSpine MR-Q) to the predicate device (CoLumbo, K220497).

                             Subject Device:                         Predicate Device:
                   ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q                CoLumbo
510(k) number  TBD                              K220497
Applicant       ScanDiags AG                       Smart Soft Healthcare AD
Device Name    ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q       CoLumbo
Regulation
               21 CFR 892.2050                    21 CFR 892.2050
Number
Product Code   QIH                             QIH
Class                    II                                                                 II
                  Radiological images: MRI                 Radiological images: MRI
Image Modality
                 (Standardized images used as input)     (Standardized images used as input)
Study Type
(anatomical area Lumbar spine                       Lumbar spine
of interest)
                      •  Lumbar spine vertebral body
                       area
                                                               •   Vertebral body area                      •  Lumbar spine intervertebral disc
Segmentation          area                                 •   Intervertebral disc area
and quantitative
                      •  Foraminal area segmentationanalysis                                                      •  Foraminal stenosis clearance size
                      •   Spinal canal area                                                               •  Dural sac area and stenotic ratio
                 For all segmented areas the area in mm2
                       is calculated
                      •   Vertebral body heights (anterior,      •   Vertebral body height (anterior,
                         middle, posterior)                        middle, posterior)
                      •   Vertebral body derived                •  Disc height (anterior, middle,Measurements
                      measurements:                            posterior)
                      o  Height ratios                  •   Spinal canal anteroposterior
                                                               diameter

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 4 of 7


                      o  Angle

                      o  Biconcave height losses

                      •   Intervertebral disc heights
                             (anterior, middle, posterior)

                      •   Spinal canal anteroposterior and
                          mediolateral diameters
                  Report:

            A Measurement Result PDF-report sent
                back to the PACS, which is reviewed,
                  revised and approved by radiologist and  Report:
                  contains cropped versions of the original
Provided output                                         Export of measurement results to a written              MRI images, with an overlay on top of the
                                                               report for user's review, revise and
                cropped images to highlight the
                                                            approval.
               segmented anatomic structures and
                  applied measurements and tables
                   displaying quantitative data of the
                anatomic areas of interest.
Human
Intervention for   Required                             Required
Interpretation
              The ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q
                 Software is HIPAA Compliant by
                  preventing unauthorized access (only
                  authenticated and authorized users can                                                   Smart Soft Healthcare conforms to the
                access DICOM data and preliminary                                                            cybersecurity requirements by
               Measurement Results in built-in                                                       implementing a process of
                ScanDiags DICOM Viewer), encrypting                                                          preventing unauthorized access,
                 data in transfer (both DICOM-TLS, SSL                                                              modifications, misuse or denial of use, or
                     certificates in use). The DICOM data                                                          the unauthorized use of
Privacy           transferred to and processed by                                                            information that is stored, accessed or
                ScanDiags Ortho L-Spine MR-Q Software                                                              transferred from a medical device to an
                  only temporarily stores the data until it is                                                             external recipient. The
                    either approved or rejected by the                                                                   vulnerability assessment and penetration
                 intended user. The vulnerability                                                                testing demonstrates satisfactory security
                assessment and penetration testing                                                       performance.
                demonstrates satisfactory security
                 performance.


SaMD         Yes                              Yes
Supported
           MR                      MR
Modality
Patient                                                     Patients aged ≥ 18 are considered to be
                  Adult ≥ 22 years of age
Population                                                      valid input.
Intended User    Clinicians                                  Clinicians
                 Supervised Deep Convolutional Neural
Machine
                Network (DCNN), both for classification   Deep Convolutional Image-to-Image
Learning
                   (image-to-class) to and segmentation     Neural Network
Methodology
                 (image-to-image) model architectures

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 5 of 7


               Machine Learning validation study
                 (standalone performance assessment):

                      •  100 individual patient MRI studies
                            of different age, gender, racial
                        groups, collected from two                                                    Performance data based standalone
                           hospital groups, one in Missouri                                                          software performance assessment study
                        (18 patients served by a rural                                                     conducted in the U.S.:
                           hospital group) and one in North
                         Carolina (82 patients served by       •  101 MRI image studies for 101
                       urban and rural hospital groups).          patients of different ages and racial
                                                                groups, collected from seven sites
                      •  Ground truth annotated by 3 US                                                              across the U.S.
                       board certified MSK radiologist.
                      Consent ground truth for anatomic     •  Ground truth defined by 3
Performance             structure segmentation                     radiologists on segmentations and
Testing                determined by pixel-based             measurements (per-pixel majority
                          majority opinion between the             opinion of the three radiologists
                         three radiologists. Consent               established the ground truth for the
                      ground truth for area and distance       segmented tissue)
                     measurements determined by
                                                               •  The 101 study images were                        averaging the measurements of
                                                                acquired on MRI imaging systems                                   all three readers.
                                                 made by five manufacturers
                      •  The 100 studies were acquired           (Toshiba 1.5T/3T: 65, Siemens
                       from GE, Siemens Healthineers           1.5T: 17, Philips 1.5T: 1, Hitachi
                     and Philips systems:                     1.5T: 1, GE 1.5T: 17)

                      •  Siemens: 42

                      •  GE: 40

                      •   Philips: 18
Both subject and predicate devices have similar technological characteristics and principles of operation.
Any differences do not raise new concerns of safety and efficacy.


6. Performance Data Substantial Equivalent Discussion

The subject device was developed and tested in accordance with ScanDiags’ Design Control processes
and has been subjected to extensive safety and performance testing. Verification and validation testing
was conducted to demonstrate the substantial equivalence of the subject device to the predicate. The
primary success criterion was that the subject device would produce segmentations within acceptable
measurement range as well as Dice score above a set threshold compared to the consensus annotation
of three radiologists.

Extensive algorithm development and software verification and validation testing, assessed the
performance characteristics of the algorithm, including accuracy and overall functional performance.
Images and cases used for verification and validation testing were separate and carefully segregated
from training datasets. Non-clinical verification and validation test results established that the device
meets its design requirements and intended use.

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 6 of 7

7. Machine Learning Performance Evaluation Summary

A retrospective, multicenter study was designed to evaluate the capability of the machine learning model
in calculating the quantified values. A variety of imaging equipment manufacturers included Philips, GE
and Siemens were used for the input data.

7.1 Intraclass Correlation Coefficient (ICC)

The device successfully passed the primary ICC acceptance criteria across all structures.

Mean intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) of measurements (heights, diameters and areas) for
lumbar vertebrae, discs, neuroforamina and the thecal sac.
Body Region                 Measurement                      ICC [95% CI]
                             Area                                  0.95 [0.94 - 0.96]
                                    Anterior Height                         0.85 [0.30 - 0.94]
Vertebra
                                Middle Height                          0.91 [0.63 - 0.96]
                                   Posterior Height                        0.89 [0.87 - 0.91]
Neuroforamen                 Area                                  0.90 [0.86 - 0.93]
                             Area                                  0.92 [0.87 - 0.94]
                                    Anterior Height                         0.78 [0.73 - 0.82]
Intervertebral Disc
                                Middle Height                          0.85 [0.18 - 0.95]
                                   Posterior Height                        0.74 [0.68 - 0.78]
                             Area                                  0.94 [0.91 - 0.96]
Thecal Sac                       Anteroposterior Diameter               0.92 [0.90 - 0.94]
                                  Mediolateral Diameter                  0.86 [0.83 - 0.88]


7.2 Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC)

The device successfully passes the secondary DICE acceptance criteria across all structures.

Table 8: Mean DICE scores for lumbar vertebrae, discs, neuroforamina and the thecal sac.
                                                              Measurement

                                                         DICE [95% CI]
Vertebra                                                              0.95 [0.95 - 0.96]
Neuroforamen                                                         0.86 [0.85 - 0.86]
Intervertebral Disc                                                     0.89 [0.89 - 0.90]
Thecal Sac                                                            0.89 [0.89 - 0.90]


7.3 Mean Absolute Error (MAE)

The device successfully passes the co-secondary MAE acceptance criteria across all structures.

Table 9: Mean absolute error (MAE) of measurements (heights, diameters and areas) for lumbar
vertebrae, discs, neuroforamina and the thecal sac.
Body Region                  Measurement                         MAE
Vertebra                            Anterior Height [mm]                               1.17

510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           ScanDiags AG
                                                                                                    Page 7 of 7


                                 Middle Height [mm]                                0.86
                                    Posterior Height [mm]                              0.79
                                     Anterior Height [mm]                                 1.1
Intervertebral Disc                Middle Height [mm]                                1.19
                                    Posterior Height [mm]                              0.96
                                   Anteroposterior Diameter [mm]                      0.81
Thecal Sac
                                   Mediolateral Diameter [mm]                         1.26

Bland Altman as well as subgroup analysis based on age, sex, ethnicity, body weight, body height, and
MRI manufacturer, MR imaging parameters, underlying disease conditions, and clinical sites were also
conducted with detailed results reported in the labeling.


8. Conclusions

Performance testing demonstrated that the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device. The device has the same intended use, and similar indications for use, principles of operation
and technological characteristics as the predicate device. The differences do not raise new concerns of
safety and effectiveness, therefore the subject device is considered substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.