August 30, 2024

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Brian Wui
Official Correspondent
2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60192


Re: K242300
    Trade/Device Name: MI View&GO
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 2, 2024
    Received: August 2, 2024

Dear Brian Wui:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242300 - Brian Wui                                                                 Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
k242300
Device Name
MI View&GO
Indications for Use (Describe)
MI View&GO is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis
and comparison of medical images with one or more time-points. MI View&GO supports functional
data, such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical
datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).
MI View&GO is intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in
the management of diseases associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function.
The images and results produced by MI View&GO can also be used by the physician to aid in
radiotherapy treatment planning.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242300

                          510(k) Summary

1.  Identification of the Submitter

Submitter / Primary Contact        Brian Wui
Person                            Regulatory Affairs
                                 hansong.wui@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 367-4337

Secondary Contact Person          Clayton Ginn
                                  Regulatory Affairs
                                  clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 898-2692

Applicant Name and Address      Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
                              2501 North Barrington Road
                              Hoffman Estates IL, 60192, USA
                                  Establishment Registration Number: 1423253


2. Device Name and Classification

Product Trace Name:   MI View&GO VA30
Common Name:        Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:           21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:             Class II
Product Code:         QIH


3. Predicate Devices
Primary Predicate Device:
Product Trace Name:   MI View&GO VA20
510(k) Number:        K201202
Clearance Date:        07/21/2022
Common Name:        Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:           21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:             Class II
Product Code:         QIH


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                       1

Reference Device
Trade Name:            syngo.via MI Workflows VB80
510(k) Number:        K232000
Clearance Date:        11/28/2023
Common Name:        Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:           21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:             Class II
Product Code:         QIH


4. Device Description

MI View&GO is a software-only medical device which will be delivered in conjunction with Siemens
SPECT/CT and PET/CT scanners. MI View&GO software provides additional specific capabilities for
handling of PET and SPECT as well as CT and MR data directly at the acquisition console.

The MI View&GO software integrates molecular imaging more efficiently in the clinical environment by
providing an interface for its users to review, post-process and read medical images immediately after
acquisition. The purpose of the MI View&GO is to allow the technologist and reading physician to:

             Review acquired and reconstructed images at the scanner console
              Determine that the acquired data is of sufficient quality for reading, so the patient can be
                released.
              Prepare images for reading
              Perform a basic read


5. Indications for Use

MI View&GO is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis and
comparison of medical images with one or more time-points. MI View&GO supports functional data,
such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets,
such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).

MI View&GO is intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in the
management of diseases associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The
images and results produced by MI View&GO can also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy
treatment planning.

6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device

The indications for use are the same between the subject device and the primary predicate device.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                       2

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

MI View&GO with software version VA30 software provides the same technological characteristics in
terms of materials, energy source, and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed
predicate device since all devices are software only devices.

The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced
device functionality.

The intended use, indications for use, and fundamental scientific technology for the subject device
remains unchanged from the predicate device. No features present from the predicate device have been
de-scoped.

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

       Data Supported (PET, SPECT, CT, MR)
        Server/Client architecture
       Workflow Activities (preprocessing, evaluation and reading, reporting and storage)
       Feature Licensing Structure
      SUV values calculated


The following technological differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.

MI View&GO VA30:

      MI Features:
        o  Brain AC-PC(Anterior Commissure – Posterior Commissure)
        o  PERCIST
        o  VOI Isocontour
       Shared Software Common Tools and CT Features:
        o  Layout Editor
        o  Average
        o  Stroke Layout
       Layout Improvements:
        o  MIP (Maximum Intensity Projection) Rotation
        o  Volume Stripe Image Order


Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. Testing and validation are completed. Test results show that the subject devices are
comparable to the predicate devices in terms of technological characteristics and safety and
effectiveness and therefore are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                       3

8. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Test Summary & Conclusions

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

Software Verification and Validation
‘Enhanced’ software documentation per FDA’s guidance document “Content of Premarket Submissions
for Device Software Functions” issued on June, 2023 is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. The testing supports that all software specifications have met the predetermined
acceptance criteria. Verification and validation testing substantiates all requirement and functional
specifications, including specifications related to device hazards, and supports the claim of substantial
equivalence.


Performance Testing

The device under application, MI View&GO, did not conduct any additional performance testing.


Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the predetermined acceptance
criteria. Testing for verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims
of substantial equivalence.


Standards
Siemens hereby certifies that MI View&GO meets the following FDA Recognized Consensus standards
listed below:

 Designation
                                                                 Standards Number and                                                                      Recognition
                   Title                                         Development Edition/Dat                                                        Number
                                                                   Organization
 e

 PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
                                               NEMA         12-349 2023e        (DICOM) Set

 62304
 Edition 1.1
 2015-06       Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle         AAMI, ANSI,
                                                                                13-79 CONSOLIDA    Processes                                            IEC
 TED
 VERSION

 14971 Third
               Medical devices – Application of risk management to Edition                                                          ISO            5-125
                medical devices
 2019-12


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                       4

62366-1
 Edition 1.1
 2020-06       Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability       AAMI, ANSI,                                                                                5-129
 CONSOLIDA    engineering to medical devices                        IEC
 TED
 VERSION

 15223-1
 Fourth        Medical devices - Symbols to be used with medical
 edition        device labels, labelling, and information to be          ISO            5-134
 2021-07       supplied - Part 1: General requirements

 20417 First
 edition
 2021-04       Medical devices – Information to be supplied by the
 Corrected     manufacturer                                      ISO            5-135
 version
 2021-12


Conclusion
There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use, or Fundamental Technological
Characteristics of the MI View&GO VA30 software as compared to the currently commercially available
MI View&GO VA20 software (K222172).
Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis, and
comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points.
Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information, as well as the
documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the MI View&GO software—
with the modifications outlined in this application—is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                       5