August 30, 2024

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Clayton Ginn
Official Correspondent
2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60192

Re: K242275
    Trade/Device Name:  syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 1, 2024
    Received: August 1, 2024

Dear Clayton Ginn:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242275 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)

 Ik242275
Device Name
 syngo.via MI Workflows;
 Scenium;
 syngo MBF
Indications for Use (Describe)
 syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
 manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple
 imaging modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as
 positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets,
 such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can
 perform harmonization of SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction
 methods.

 syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals
 to aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology,
 neurology, and organ function. The images and results produced by the syngoovia MI workflows can
 also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           HPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       D7Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K242275

                          510(k) Summary

1.  Identification of the Submitter

Submitter / Primary Contact        Clayton Ginn
Person                            Regulatory Affairs
                                  clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 898-2692

Secondary Contact Person          Brian Wui
                                   Regulatory Affairs
                                 hansong.wui@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 367-4337

Applicant Name and Address      Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
                              2501 North Barrington Road
                              Hoffman Estates IL, 60192, USA
                                  Establishment Registration Number: 1423253


2. Device Name and Classification

Product Trace Name:    syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
Regulation Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:         QIH


3. Predicate Devices
Primary Predicate Device:
Product Trace Name:    syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
510(k) Number:        K232000
Clearance Date:        11/28/2023
Regulation Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:         QIH


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      1

4. Device Description

syngo.via MI Workflows (including Scenium and syngo MBF applications) is a multi-modality postprocessing software only medical device intended to aid in the management of diseases, including those
associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The syngo.via MI Workflows
applications are part of a larger syngo.via client/server system which is intended to be installed on
common IT hardware. The hardware itself is not seen as part of the syngo.via MI Workflows medical
device.


The syngo.via MI Workflows software addresses the needs of the following typical users of the product:

       Reading Physician / Radiologist – Reading physicians are doctors who are trained in interpreting
        patient scans from PET, SPECT and other modality scanners. They are highly detail oriented and
       analyze the acquired images for abnormalities, enabling ordering physicians to accurately
       diagnose and treat scanned patients. Reading physicians serve as a liaison between the ordering
        physician and the technologists, working closely with both.
        Technologist – Nuclear medicine technologists operate nuclear medicine scanners such as PET
      and SPECT to produce images of specific areas and states of a patient’s anatomy by
        administering radiopharmaceuticals to patients orally or via injection. In addition to
        administering the scan, the technologist must properly select the scan protocol, keep the
        patient calm and relaxed, monitor the patient’s physical health during the protocol and evaluate
       the quality of the images. Technologists work very closely with physicians, providing them with
        quality-checked scan images.


The software has been designed to integrate the clinical workflow for the above users into a serverbased system that is consistent in design and look with the base syngo.via platform and other syngo.via
software applications. This ensures a similar look and feel for radiologists that may review multiple types
of studies from imaging modalities other than Molecular Imaging, such as MR.

The syngo.via MI workflows software supports integration through DICOM transfers of positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM) data, as well as anatomical datasets, such as
computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).

Although data is automatically imported into the server based on predefined configurations through the
hospital IT system, data can also be manually imported from external media, including CD, external mass
storage devices, etc.

The Siemens syngo.via platform and the applications that reside on it, including syngo.via MI Workflows,
are distributed via electronic medium. The Instructions for Use is also delivered via electronic medium.

syngo.via MI Workflows includes 2 workflows (syngo.MM Oncology and syngo.MI General) as well as the
Scenium neurology software application and the syngo MBF cardiology software application which are
launched from the OpenApps framework within the MI General workflow.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      2

5. Indications for Use

syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging
modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can perform harmonization of
SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction methods.

syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to
aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and
organ function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the
physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.


6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device

The indications for use are the same between the subject device and the primary predicate device.


7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

syngo.via MI Workflows with software version VB80A, Scenium with software version VE70, and syngo
MBF with software version VB30 software provide the same technological characteristics in terms of
materials, energy source, and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate
device since all devices are software only devices.

The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced
device functionality.

The intended use, indications for use, and fundamental scientific technology for the subject device
remains unchanged from the predicate device. No features present from the predicate device have been
de-scoped.

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

       Data Supported (PET, SPECT, CT, MR)
        Server/Client architecture
       Workflow Activities (preprocessing, evaluation and reading, reporting and storage)
       Feature Licensing Structure
      SUV values calculated


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      3

The following technological differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.

syngo.via MI Workflows VB80:

   MI General

      No changes

  MM Onco

      No changes

Scenium VE70:

        Centiloid scoring is implemented and intended to standardize brain PET Amyloid quantification
        across all three approved tracers below.1

     o  Amyvid™ (florbetapir)
     o  Neuraceq™ (florbetaben)
     o  Vizamyl™ (flutemetamol)

syngo MBF VB30:

      No changes


Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. Testing and validation are completed. Test results show that the subject devices are
comparable to the predicate devices in terms of technological characteristics and safety and
effectiveness and therefore are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


8. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Test Summary & Conclusions

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

Software Verification and Validation
‘Enhanced’ software documentation per FDA’s guidance document “Content of Premarket Submissions
for Device Software Functions” issued in June, 2023 is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. The testing supports that all software specifications have met the acceptance
criteria. Verification and validation testing substantiates all requirement and functional specifications,
including specifications related to device hazards, and supports the claim of substantial equivalence.


1 Klunk, William E et al. “The Centiloid Project: standardizing quantitative amyloid plaque estimation by PET.” Alzheimer's &
dementia : the journal of the Alzheimer's Association vol. 11,1 (2015): 1-15.e1-4. doi:10.1016/j.jalz.2014.07.003


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      4

Performance Testing
In addition to verification and validation testing, clinical performance evaluation was conducted in order
to compare the Centiloid score values generated by Scenium with the Centiloid score values calculated
using ADNI2.

To derive the Scenium SUVr to CL transformation equations, calibration of PET images and their
corresponding SUVr and CL reference data were obtained from the GAAIN website. For each tracer,
level-2 calibration analysis prescribed in Klunk et al1. was performed to generate direct syngo-           -
to-CL transformations. A global cortical SUVr value was calculated using six tracer-specific cortical
regions in reference to the whole cerebellum, as implemented in syngo-           The
transformation equations derived using the calibration images, from GAAIN, fulfilled the acceptance
criteria, with strong agreement and little bias between syngopublished using the standard method1, with
        R2=0.97(Amyvid™)
        R2=0.98 (Neuraceq™)
        R2=0.95 (Vizamyl™)

The independent validation2 demonstrated strong agreement between syngowith the following regressions and R2 values:
        SceniumCL=1.044× ADNICL - 0.712; R² = 0.97 (Amyvid™)
        SceniumCL=1.095×ADNICL - 7.241; R² = 0.98 (Neuraceq™)

Additionally, the agreement of Scenium Centiloid scale with visual reading and progression of disease
was investigated3.162 patients (69 females, 93 males) aged 71.3±6.2 years with Mild Cognitive
Impairment (MCI) who underwent an A-PET (22 18F-florbetaben, 52 18F-flutemetamol, 88 18Fflorbetapir) were retrospectively reviewed. Patients were classified as “positive” or “negative” by
consensus. The ROC analysis yielded excellent agreement with visual-based classification with an area
under the ROC curve of 0.9872, and a corresponding optimal CL cut-off value of 26 (sensitivity 92.0%,
specificity 96.3%)

Conclusion: We have successfully calibrated a commercially available amyloid quantification software to
the centiloid scale for the three commercially available amyloid tracers. Validation on two independent
datasets showed strong agreement with the ADNI calibration pipeline for florbetapir and florbetaben.
Finally, Centiloid Scoring used by Scenium demonstrated strong agreement with visual reading.


2 Rachid Fahmi, “Centiloid Calibration of a Commercial Amyloid Quantitation Software for different Fluorine-18 Radiotracers”.
EANM 2023.
3 K. Hirschmüller et al., “Visual Reading and Centiloid Scaling for the Evaluation of Brain Amyloid PET Imaging in Patients with
Mild Cognitive Impairment: Impact on Conversion to Alzheimer´s Disease Dementia”. EANM2024.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      5

Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.


Standards
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.via MI Workflows, Scenium, and syngo MBF meets the following
FDA Recognized Consensus standards listed below:

                                                                                               Standards
 Recognition      Designation Number and
                                                                    Title                                  Development
 Number          Edition/Date
                                                                                                  Organization

                                                                   Digital Imaging and Communications in
 12-349          PS 3.1 - 3.20 2022d                                           NEMA
                                                    Medicine (DICOM) Set

                 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06            Medical Device Software –Software Life
 13-79                                                                                 AAMI, ANSI, IEC                CONSOLIDATED VERSION              Cycle Processes

                                                     Medical devices – Application of risk
 5-125           14971 Third Edition 2019-12                                                    ISO
                                              management to medical devices

                  62366-1 Edition 1.1 2020-06          Medical devices - Part 1: Application of
 5-129                                                                                 AAMI, ANSI, IEC
                CONSOLIDATED VERSION                usability engineering to medical devices

                                                     Medical devices - Symbols to be used with
 5-134           15223-1 Fourth edition 2021-07       medical device labels, labelling, and          ISO
                                                        information to be supplied - Part 1: General
                                                      requirements

 5-135                 20417 First edition 2021-04           Medical devices – Information to be          ISO
                   Corrected version 2021-12             supplied by the manufacturer


Conclusion
There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use, or Fundamental Technological
Characteristics of the updated syngo.via MI Workflows software (including Scenium and syngo MBF) as
compared to the currently commercially available syngo.via MI Workflows software (K232000).
Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis, and
comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points.
Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information, as well as the
documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the syngo.via MI Workflows
software—with the modifications outlined in this application—is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      6