December 12, 2024

Philips Ultrasound LLC
Chanrasmey White
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
Bothell, Washington 98021


Re: K242020
    Trade/Device Name:   EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System; Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                        System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: November 12, 2024
    Received: November 12, 2024

Dear Chanrasmey White:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have
determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally
marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical
Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,
therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your
product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k)
Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm
identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for
annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you,
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to
additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal
Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance
documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an
Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820),
which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and
21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242020 - Chanrasmey White                                                          Page  2


review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and
production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21
CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a
determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations
administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to:
registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4,
Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21
CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions
(Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are
required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule
requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR
801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be
formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that
certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830
Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-deviceidentification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For
questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report-medicaldevice-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuingeducation/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask
a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more
information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                     Sincerely,
                       YANNA S. KANG -S
                                         Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                    Assistant Director
                                      Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                     DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                               Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                      OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                                  Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                                Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242020

Device Name
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System;
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

Indications for Use (Describe)
EPIQ:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis of the
human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac
echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral
Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode, Power
Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include clinics, hospitals, and
clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with image
guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces
your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Affiniti:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal
(Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode, Power
Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics, hospitals, and
clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces
your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 2 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary                                           #K242020

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.
Date Prepared: December 9, 2024

       I.      Submitter
        Manufacturer Name and       Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
        Contact Information         Chanrasmey White
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                     smey.white@philips.com
                                     1-207-249-5503
       Secondary Contact        Amy Yang
                                      Regulatory Affairs Director
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                    amy.yang@philips.com
                                     1-304-266-8208

       II.     Device
         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                       Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Product Code;                IYN; Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System; 21 CFR
        Regulation Description;      892.1550 (Primary)
        Regulation Number          IYO; Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System; 21 CFR
                                    892.1560
                                         ITX; Diagnostic Ultrasonic Transducer; 21 CFR 892.1570
                                 OBJ; Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter; 21 CFR 870.1200
                                    QIH; Medical image management and processing system; 21
                           CFR 892.2050
        Device Class                 Class II
       Review Panel                Radiology
        Predicate Device            K240850; EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and
                                                       Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

       III.     Device Description
   The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the Auto ElastQ software
    feature onto the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems. The proposed EPIQ Series
    Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with new Auto
    ElastQ software feature, which is a workflow-enhancement software feature, is equivalent to
    predicate device, K240850.

   The Auto ElastQ software feature is intended to assist users in making stiffness measurements using
   2D-SWE in the liver by recommending specific frames and ROI positions to the user.


                                                    1

No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti Systems are required when using the Auto ElastQ
software feature, and existing, commercialized Philips transducers are used for the Auto ElastQ
software feature. The feature is supported by EPIQ and Affiniti models running software version 12.0.

IV.     Indications for Use
EPIQ:
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M
Mode, Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Affiniti:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M
Mode, Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.


                                                2

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
  The purpose of the submission is to introduce the Auto ElastQ software feature onto the EPIQ and
    Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems. The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic
   Ultrasound Systems are all Track 3 Devices and comply with the referenced standards as well as the
  FDA Ultrasound Guidance Document, Guidance for Industrly and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of
   Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers, issued in February 2023. The subject devices are
   substantially equivalent to the predicate devices (K240850).
                                             EPIQ Series Diagnostic                    EPIQ Series Diagnostic                                                     Ultrasound System                         Ultrasound System
                                                                Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound      Feature             Affiniti Series Diagnostic                                  Comparison                                                    System                        Ultrasound System
                                                         (K240850)                      Proposed Devices                                                         Predicate Device
                   Class II                        Class II                             Identical
   USA FDA
   Classification

                 IYN                        IYN                                 Identical
 Primary Product
     Code

                 21 CFR 892.1550             21 CFR 892.1550                  Identical
Primary Regulation
    Number

                   Auto ElastQ                    ElastQ                          Subject of this
Marketing Name of                                                              submission
    Application

                 The Auto ElastQ software feature The ElastQ feature (“manual     Subject of this
                           is intended to assist the user in   workflow”) is a tool for measuring submission
                  making liver stiffness             the stiffness of the target organ
                  measurements using 2D-SWE     (liver) which requires the user to  The difference between
                    through recommended particular  review a loop of elastography     the predicate and the
                   frames and ROI positions to the  images displayed on the system  subject device is:
                      user.                       and uses the trackball to cine to
                                                      the frame(s) that are visually     The proposed Auto                 The system software will select up                                                    perceived to be the most stable.  ElastQ feature                       to three frames that are assessed                                           The circle ROI is then launched in recommends particular                       to be the most stable and present                                                      the center of the shear wave     frames and ROI locations                    these to the user. The circle ROI                                                  imaging box, and the user         that are assessed to be                            will be launched in the locations                                                  manually positions the ROI within most stable homogenous    Application      that are identified to be                                                      the box in a location that appears to the user.    Description    homogenous and temporally                                                            to be homogenous and                       stable.                                                       representative of the tissue in the The predicate device
                                                           entire box.                       requires users to review
                                                                        a loop of elastography
                                                                           images and then use the
                                                                                                 trackball to cine to the
                                                                               frames that are visually
                                                                                   perceived to be the most
                                                                                               stable. Then the user
                                                                          must manually positions
                                                                                      the ROI in a location that
                                                                              appears to be most
                                                                                          stable and homogenous.


                                                   3

EPIQ Series Diagnostic                  EPIQ Series Diagnostic                                                   Ultrasound System                       Ultrasound System
                                                             Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound   Feature             Affiniti Series Diagnostic                                  Comparison                                                  System                      Ultrasound System
                                                       (K240850)                     Proposed Devices                                                       Predicate Device
               The Auto ElastQ workflow         In the current released software  Subject of this
                 analyzes the frames present in   (“manual workflow”), the user     submission
                  the cineloop buffer. The system   reviews a loop of elastography
                  software will automatically cine to images displayed on the system  The proposed Auto
                   three frames that are assessed to display and then uses the        ElastQ will provide a
               be the most stable and present    trackball to cine to the frame(s)   recommendation to the
                  these to the user. The             that are visually perceived to be  user where the predicate
               measurement ROI will            the most stable. The circle ROI is device requires the user
                   automatically launch and be      then launched in the center of the to navigate the system
                 placed on locations identified to   shear wave imaging box, and the manually.
               be homogeneous and temporally user manually positions the ROIUser Interface                    stable.                             within the box in a location that Presentation                                              appears to be homogeneous and
               Even though the Auto ElastQ     representative of the tissue in the
                   feature will suggest a particular   entire box.
               ROI placement, the user must
                   inspect the results and ensure
                     that it meets intended clinical use.
                  Otherwise, the user can make
                  adjustments to what the feature
                  proposes, by either selecting a
                     different frame or a different ROI
                     position.
                 Auto ElastQ Feature:            ElastQ Feature:                    Identical, no new
                                                                                  transducers or modes
 Compatible    C5-1                        C5-1                           are being introduced in
 transducers                                                                                   this submission.

               The Auto ElastQ feature        The ElastQ feature calculates   No new measurements
                   calculates stiffness                 stiffness measurements based on are being introduced in
                measurements based on selected the manually selected frames and this submission. The
Measurements   frames and ROI positions       ROI positions.                    subject of this
  Performed    recommended to the user or                                    submission is to provide
                based on user adjustments to                                   workflow enhancements.
                what the feature recommended.

             A retrospective data analysis    N/A – the equivalent functionality Subject of this
                  study was conducted to evaluate  is performed manually by the     submission
                  the performance of the Auto      users to select the most
                 ElastQ software compared to     appropriate frames and ROI
                manual measurements performed positions.
                by expert readers.  Application
 performance               The results demonstrated high
                agreement of Auto ElastQ
                  algorithm-generated
                measurements, based on
                       statistical analysis, with manual
                  elastography measurements.

 VI.     Safety Considerations


                                                 4

The subject device comply with the referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance
document, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems and Transducers, issued on February 2023.

VII.    Non-Clinical Performance Data
The proposed modification of the EPIQ Series and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was
tested in accordance with Philips Internal Procedures. The design process incorporated IEC 62304
Medical Device Software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015 and Risk Management
procedures were applied in accordance with ISO 14971 Medical devices - Application of risk
management to medical devices, to ensure the continued safe and effective performance. All
software verification tests met the acceptance criteria.
Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
provided to support the introduction of the subject software algorithm for the Auto ElastQ software
feature. All software verification tests met the acceptance criteria.
A retrospective data analysis study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the Auto ElastQ
software compared to manual measurements performed by expert readers, with the manual
measurements used as ground truth for the study. The results demonstrated high agreement of Auto
ElastQ algorithm-generated measurements with manual elastography measurements, meeting the
acceptance criteria for the study.


VIII.    Clinical Data
 The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System did not require clinical data
 for determination of substantial equivalence since substantial equivalence was demonstrated based
 on the following attributes:
 •   Design features
 •   Indications for use
 •   Fundamental scientific technology
 •   Non-clinical performance testing
 •   Safety and effectiveness


IX.    Conclusion
For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
proposed Auto ElastQ software feature meets the intended use. The proposed devices and predicate
device:

        •   Are indicated for the diagnostic ultrasonic imaging and fluid flow analysis.
        •  Have identical intended users and use environments.
        •  Have the same device classification, product codes.
        •  Have identical software.
        •   Are introducing no new hardware or transducers.

The differences between the proposed device and predicate device do not raise new questions of
safety and/or effectiveness. The major differences include:

    •  The Auto ElastQ feature recommends particular frames that are assessed to be most stable
       and ROI locations that are assessed to be the most stable and homogenous to the user,
       where the predicate devices require users to review a loop of elastography images then uses
        the trackball to cine to the frames that are visually perceived to be the most stable and
       manually positions the ROI in a location that appears to be most stable and homogenous.


                                                5

Therefore, the proposed Auto ElastQ feature for the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems is substantially equivalent to the predicate EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems in terms of safety and effectiveness.


                                                6