April 8, 2025


BunkerHill Health
℅ Eren Alkan
Director of AI Algorithms
436 Bryant Street
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94107


Re: K242295
    Trade/Device Name: BunkerHill BMD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1170
    Regulation Name: Bone densitometer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KGI
    Dated: March 10, 2025
    Received: March 11, 2025


Dear Eren Alkan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242295 - Eren Alkan                                                                 Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242295 - Eren Alkan                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242295
Device Name
Bunkerhill BMD
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Bunkerhill BMD Algorithm is a post-processing Al-powered software intended for adults 30
years and above to assess estimated DXA-measured average areal bone mineral density of spinal
bones from existing CT scans and outputs a flag for low bone density below a pre-specified
threshold. It is not intended to replace DXA or any other tests dedicated to BMD measurement.
Bunkerhill BMD is an opportunistic Al-powered tool that enables:(1) retrospective assessment of
bone density from CT scans acquired for other purposes, (2) assessment of bone density in
conjunction with another medically appropriate procedure involving CT scans, and (3) assessment of
bone density without a phantom as an independent measurement procedure
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) im Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(K) SUMMARY
                                                   K242295
                        [BUNKERHILL BMD]


Bunkerhill, Inc.
436 Bryant Street
San Francisco CA 94107
Ph: 650-8420198
Prepared By: Eren Alkan
Date Prepared: April 3, 2025


Proposed Device
 Proprietary Name      Bunkerhill BMD
  Classification Name   Bone Densitometer
 Regulation Number   21 CFR 892.1170
 Product Code        KGI
 Regulatory Class           II

Predicate Device
 Proprietary Name   ABMD software
 Premarket          K213760
  Notification
  Classification Name   Bone Densitometer
 Regulation Number   21 CFR 892.1170
 Product Code       KGI
 Regulatory Class        II


Device Description
   The Bunkerhill BMD application is a software only medical device (SaMD) that
   includes deep- learning-based computer vision and post-processing algorithms that
   estimates the bone mineral density from previously obtained computed tomography
   (CT) images.

   The results from Bunkerhill BMD are not intended to be used as the primary input for
    clinical decision making, but rather are intended to provide information that may assist
   the clinician to identify ‘findings of interest’ within existing imaging studies.


Bunkerhill, Inc. Traditional 510(k)-- BMD Device

Intended Use / Indications for Use
   The Bunkerhill BMD Algorithm is a post-processing AI-powered software intended
    for adults 30 years and above to assess estimated DXA-measured average areal
   bone mineral density of spinal bones from existing CT scans and outputs a flag for
   low bone density below a pre- specified threshold. It is not intended to replace DXA
   or any other tests dedicated to BMD measurement.

   Bunkerhill BMD is an opportunistic AI-powered tool that enables:(1) retrospective
   assessment of bone density from CT scans acquired for other purposes, (2)
   assessment of bone density in conjunction with another medically appropriate
   procedure involving CT scans, and (3) assessment of bone density without a
   phantom as an independent measurement procedure

Summary of Technological Characteristics
At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same
technological elements:

    •  Both the predicate and the subject device use deep-learning algorithms to
      estimate the average bone mineral density in spinal bones.
    •  Both devices analyze computed tomography (CT) images that are sent to the
      software in DICOM format.
    •  Both devices serve as support tools to provide information to the physician.
      However, they do not replace clinical evaluation and do not alter the standard of
       care.
    •  Both devices provide and generate a report.

There are no technological differences between the subject and predicate device.
     A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided
      below.
                   Proposed         Predicate          Summary
                       Device:         Device: ABMD
                       Bunkerhill     SW(K213760)
               BMD
    Product code    KGI             KGI            Same

    Regulation      21 CFR §892.1170 21 CFR §892.1170  Same
   number
    Modality        Computed       Computed        Same
                   tomography (CT)   tomography (CT)

   Image format   DICOM        DICOM          Same


Bunkerhill, Inc. Traditional 510(k)-- BMD Device

Device provides  Yes             Yes                   Similar, subject
    estimates of bone                                       device provides a
    mineral density,                                       subset of predicate
    T- scores and Z-                                        device outputs i.e.
    scores                                                   only T- score group.
    User             Healthcare provider Healthcare Provider Same


                  Proposed Device:   Predicate Device:      Summary
                       Bunkerhill BMD  ABMD SW(K213760)
    Retrospective   CT scan images can CT scan images can be Same
   measurements  be selected and      selected and inputted to
    from CT scans   inputted to the       the software.
                    software

    Automatic       Software            Software automatically Same
    averaging        automatically       measures and averages
    Hounsfield Units measures and       Hounsfield units in the
                   averages Hounsfield trabecular region of the
                       units in the regions of spinal bones.
                       interest of spinal
                   bones.
   Main image    DICOM          DICOM            Same
     quality

    Calibration      Software outputs    Software outputs     Same
                      calibrated BMD       calibrated BMD score.
                     score.

    Generate patient Optional to copy      Optional to copy result  Same
    report             result to clipboard,    to clipboard, insert in
                       insert in report,       report, DICOM
              DICOM Secondary  Secondary Capture
                   Capture


Bunkerhill, Inc. Traditional 510(k)-- BMD Device

Performance Data
Safety and performance of the Bunkerhill BMD has been evaluated and verified in
accordance with software specifications and applicable performance standards through
Software Development and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance
according to specifications, User Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance
documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained
in  Medical  Devices”  and  Cybersecurity  in  Medical  Devices:  Quality  System
Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions.

Bunkerhill BMD performance was validated in a stand-alone retrospective study for overall
agreement of the device output compared to the established ground truth. The pivotal
testing dataset consisted of 371 CT studies from four (4) geographically diverse sites. The
Bunkerhill BMD algorithm achieved a sensitivity of 81.0 (74.0 - 86.8) and specificity of
78.4 (72.3 - 83.7), which passed the acceptance criteria for the primary endpoint with
lower bound 95% confidence interval of both Sensitivity and Specificity being greater than
70%. Additionally, the device achieved was evaluated across multiple secondary metrics,
including a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.791 (95% CI: 0.752–0.830), AUROC of
0.883 (95% CI: 0.849–0.916), PPV of 73.6% (95% CI: 66.4%–79.9%), and NPV of 84.8%
(95% CI: 79.0%–89.5%), further supporting the robustness and reliability of the algorithm.
Generalizability of the device performance was evaluated through subgroup analyses
across key variables including patient age, sex, CT manufacturer,  slice thickness,
reconstruction kernel, and data collection  site. The device demonstrated consistent
sensitivity and specificity across all subgroups, with no statistically significant performance
differences observed. These results support the generalizability of the device across the
intended use population.

Conclusions
Bunkerhill BMD is as safe and effective as the predicate ABMD device (K213760). The
BMD Device has the same intended uses and  similar  indications,  technological
characteristics, and principles of operation  as   its  predicate  device.  The  minor
differences in indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do
not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, the minor
technological differences between the BMD Device and its predicate devices raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness.


Bunkerhill, Inc. Traditional 510(k)-- BMD Device