January 16, 2025


Pearl Inc.
℅ William Birdsall
Chief Compliance Officer
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K242522
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion CC
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: August 1, 2024
    Received: December 18, 2024

Dear William Birdsall:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242522 - William Birdsall                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242522 - William Birdsall                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Lu Jiang

                                    Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242522

Device Name
Second Opinion CC


Indications for Use (Describe)
Second Opinion® CC is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid dentists in the detection of caries by
drawing bounding polygons to highlight the suspected region of interest.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review bitewing and periapical radiographs of permanent teeth in
patients 19 years of age or older as a second reader.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K242522


                     510(K) SUMMARY


1. Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: William Birdsall

Position: Chief Compliance Officer

Date Summary Prepared: July 23, 2024

2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion CC

3. Common or Usual Name
Medical Image Analyzer

4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:  Medical Image Analyzer
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2070, Class II
Product Code:        MYN

5. Predicate Information
Predicate device: The proposed primary predicate device is the first clearance of the
Second Opinion device, by Pearl Inc., cleared on March 04, 2022 (K210365)
classified as a Class II Medical Image Analyzer pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2070, under
product code MYN (Analyzer, Medical Image).
The cleared device is a computer aided detection (CADe) software device, indicated for
use by dental health professionals as an aid in their assessment of bitewing and periapical
radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older, as second reader. The
device utilizes computer vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques,
to identify and mark potential caries lesions with bounding boxes.
The subject device is substantially equivalent to the first clearance as the overall intended
use and nature of the software remains the same. Caries detection was originally cleared
(K210365) based on standalone and MRMC studies. Second Opinion CC has the same
intended use for detection of caries in bitewing and periapical radiographs. The only

K242522


difference is that Second Opinion CC uses polygons instead of boxes to mark the
detection.
The proposed secondary predicate device is Overjet Dental Caries Assist by Overjet Inc.,
cleared on March 27, 2023 (K222746) under product code MYN. The Overjet Dental
Carries Assist has the same technology (AI software) and intended use as CADe to aid in
dental review of radiographs and detection of caries using polygonal contours.

6.Device Description
Second Opinion CC (Caries Contouring) is a radiological, automated, computer-assisted
detection (CADe) software intended to aid in the detection of caries on bitewing and
periapical radiographs using polygonal contours. The device is not intended as a
replacement for a complete dentist’s review or their clinical judgment which considers
other relevant information from the image, patient history, or actual in vivo clinical
assessment.

Second Opinion CC consists of three parts:
   ●Application Programing Interface (“API”)
   ●Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
    ●Client User Interface (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:
1. Images are sent for processing via the API
2. The API routes images to the ML modules
3. The ML modules produce detection output
4. The UI renders the detection output

The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user
interface and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine
learning modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by
the machine learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

Second Opinion CC uses machine learning to detect caries. Images received by the ML
modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as metadata. The final
output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the UI for visualization.
Detected carious lesions are displayed as polygonal overlays atop the original radiograph
which indicate to the practitioner which teeth contain which detected carious lesions that
may require clinical review. The clinician can toggle over the image to highlight a potential
condition for viewing. In addition, the clinician has the ability to edit the detections as they
see fit to align with their diagnosis.

7.Indications for Use
Second Opinion CC is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid dentists in the
detection of caries by drawing bounding polygons to highlight the suspected region of
interest.

K242522


   It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review bitewing and periapical
  radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 19 years of age or older as a second reader.

 8.Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
  The primary and secondary predicate devices and subject device are similar CADe
  devices in the following ways:

      1) Intended use: All three devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians
          in their detection of caries in radiographs of permanent teeth.
      2) Technology characteristics: Both devices employ computer vision and machine
         learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
        processing, and demarcate detected caries within a user interface with a
         graphical overlay over radiographs.
      3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate device are CADe systems,
         neither pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for all
         devices,  subject and  predicates, are  potential  false  positives and  false
         negatives. In the case of each device, users are not meant to rely solely on
         detection output for clinical decision-making.
      4) Clinical Performance: Both devices have undergone clinical studies which
        demonstrate statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance.


Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion CC with the predicate devices.

                                                Primary Predicate            Secondary Predicate
                       Subject Device            Second Opinion                     Overjet
               Second Opinion CC             K210365                     K222746
  Manufacturer            Pearl Inc.                      Pearl Inc.                          Overjet, Inc.

  Classification           892.2070                    892.2070                       892.2070

  Product Code         MYN                 MYN                   MYN

     Image              Radiograph                  Radiograph                     Radiograph
    Modality

  Intended Use    Dental CADe to aid in          Dental CADe to aid in dental       Dental CADe to aid in dental
                     dental radiograph review       radiograph review by HCP         radiograph review by HCP
                  by HCP

K242522


    Full IFU     Second Opinion CC is a     Second Opinion is a computer    Overjet Caries Assist (OCA) is a
                computer aided detection     aided detection ("CADe”)           radiological, automated,
                 ("CADe”) software to aid      software to identify and mark      concurrent-read, computerdentists in the detection of    regions in relation to suspected   assisted detection (CADe)
                   caries by drawing bounding   dental findings which include      software intended to aid in the
                 polygons to highlight the      Caries, Discrepancy at the        detection and segmentation of
                 suspected region of          margin of an existing              caries on bitewing and periapical
                     interest.                        restoration, Calculus, Periapical   radiographs. The device provides
                                                 radiolucency, Crown (metal,       additional information for the
                              It is designed to aid dental
                                                  including zirconia & non-metal),   dentist to use in their diagnosis of
                   health professionals to
                                                           Filling (metal & non-metal),      a tooth surface suspected of being
                 review bitewing and
                                          Root canal, Bridge and            carious. The device is not
                    periapical radiographs of
                                                 Implants.                        intended as a replacement for a
                permanent teeth in patients
                                                                          complete dentist’s review or their               19 years of age or older as      It is designed to aid dental
                                                 health professionals to review      clinical judgment that takes into
               a second reader.                                                bitewing and periapical          account other relevant information


                                               Primary Predicate            Secondary Predicate
                     Subject Device            Second Opinion                     Overjet
              Second Opinion CC             K210365                     K222746

                                              radiographs of permanent teeth   from the image, patient history, or
                                                         in patients 12 years of age or      actual in vivo clinical assessment.
                                                  older as a second reader.

   Intended                Dental                         Dental                           Dental
  body part

 Technology        Utilizes computer vision       Utilizes computer vision neural      Automated, concurrent-read,
                  neural network algorithms,    network algorithms, developed     CADe software that utilizes
                     developed from           from open-source models            machine learning
                 open-source models using       using supervised machine
                     supervised machine              learning techniques
                       learning techniques
   Device        Detection of caries using     Detection of radiological dental     Detection and segmentation of
 Description             polygons.                  findings: 5 restorations              caries using polygons.
                                               (crowns, bridges, implants, root
                                                  canals, fillings), 4 pathologies
                                                        (caries, margin discrepancy,
                                                          calculus, periapical
                                                  radiolucency) using bounding
                                                        boxes.


9.Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices
 The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate devices is the
 automatic detection of caries using machine learning

 The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

       •  All are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
       •  All devices are designed to process digital intraoral bitewing radiographs.

K242522


      •   All devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for caries
        detection.
      •   All devices demarcate detections within the user interface with a graphical overlay
       on the radiograph.
      •   All devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.
      •   All devices are considered to be of “moderate” level of software concern.
      •   All devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

The candidate and predicate devices are technologically different as follows:
    •  Second Opinion localizes caries detections as bounding boxes whereas Overjet
      Caries Assist and Second Opinion CC localize caries detections with polygons.

10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness, and
  Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

 Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a non-inferiority standalone clinical
 study. The results of the study showed statistically significant non-inferiority in caries
 detection accuracy in the subject device using polygon contouring to delineate potential
 caries when compared to the bounding boxes of Second Opinion. This study was
 conducted using ground truth caries lesions represented as polygons. When the probable
 benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion CC are weighed against one another, the
 weight of benefits significantly exceeds that of risks. This judgement can be made based
 on review of the submitted materials showing that Second Opinion CC meets the design
  verification and validation and labeling Special Controls required for clearance of Class II
 medical image analyzers. It is thus concluded that Second Opinion CC can be considered
 safe and effective such that the device will aid users in the indicated user population in
  their radiographic detection of caries.

 11. Cybersecurity

 Pearl developed Security controls and processes in accordance with Cybersecurity in
 Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions:
 Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff dated September 2023 and
 Postmarket Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Guidance for Industry and
 Food and Drug Administration Staff dated December 2016. These processes are used in
 both the development of Second Opinion CC and in post-market surveillance to ensure
 the product upholds the highest standards of privacy and security.

 12. Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
 The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
 device  types,  including  Biocompatibility/Materials,  Shelf  Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
 Compatibility and  Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
 applicable to this device.

K242522


13.Discussion of StandaloneTests Performed

Pearl has conducted performance testing according to FDA’s “Guidance for Industry
and Food and Drug Administration Staff Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied
to Radiology Images and Radiology Device Data - Premarket Notification [510(k)]
Submissions Document” issued on 03 Jul 2012. Clinical evaluation of Second Opinion
CC was performed to validate the efficacy of the system in detecting potential caries
lesions using polygons instead of bounding boxes on intraoral radiographs. Second
Opinion CC was clinically tested as a standalone device in comparison to the predicate
device, Second Opinion, using a non-inferiority study.

The Weighted Alternative Free-Response Receiver Operating Characteristic (wAFROC)
paradigm was used as the metric of efficacy for the study. The ground truth (GT) was
established using the consensus approach based on agreement among at least three
out  of  four expert readers. Each GT expert independently marked areas on any
radiograph wherein they marked using the smallest possible polygonal contour to
encompass the entire region identified. 500 images were reviewed by  all four GT
readers and used for the standalone comparison study.

The GT dataset for the clinical evaluation of the Second Opinion CC system is
characterized by a diverse distribution of radiographs across various geographical
regions, genders, ages, imaging devices, and image types. Geographically, with
respect to the United States, the dataset includes 76 radiographs from the Northwest
(15.2%), 89 from the Southwest (17.8%), 123 from the South (24.6%), 113 from the
East (22.6%), 98 from the Midwest (19.6%), and 1 with an unknown origin (0.2%).

In terms of gender distribution, the dataset comprises 95 radiographs from females
(19.0%), 125 from males (25.0%), 38 from other genders (7.6%), and 242 with unknown
gender (48.4%). Age-wise, 9 radiographs are from individuals aged 12-18 (1.8%), 233 from
those aged 18-75 (46.6%), 13 from those aged 75+ (2.6%), and 245 with unknown age
(49.0%).

The imaging devices used include 65 radiographs from Carestream-Trophy
KodakRVG6100 (13.0%), 2 from Carestream-Trophy RVG5200 (0.4%), 96 from
Carestream-Trophy RVG6200 (19.2%), 1 from DEXIS (0.2%), 59 from DEXIS Platinum
(11.8%), 10 from KaVo Dental Technologies DEXIS Titanium (2.0%), 108 from KodakTrophy KodakRVG6100 (21.6%), 68 from XDR EV71JU213 (13.6%), and 91 from
unknown devices (18.2%).

The image types are nearly evenly split with 249 periapical radiographs (49.8%) and
251 bitewing radiographs (50.2%). Below is a table describing the composition of the
dataset with respect to presence of caries.

K242522


Table 2 - Summary of image characteristics.

                                         Total
                                N=500
  Overall status, n (%)
  Healthy                          288 (57.6)
  Containing Caries                  212 (42.4)
 Number of lesions on abnormal images
  Total, n                          356
 Mean (SD)                            1.7 (1.23)
  Median (range)                        1.0 (1, 9)
  Lesion size on abnormal images (percent of image pixels)

 Mean (SD)                            1.5 (1.95)
  Median (range)                        0.6 (0,11)


The  clinical study design consisted of one non-inferiority  trial: comparing the
ability  of Second Opinion CC (polygonal  localization) and Second Opinion
(bounding box localization) to identify caries lesions. The 500 unique unannotated
images were analyzed by both Second Opinion and Second Opinion CC. The
results for each image were grouped into one of two categories:

     ● Non-Lesion Localization (NL): A predicted region which does not overlap
        with a ground truth region at or above a specified Jaccard index
     ● Lesion Localization (LL): A predicted region which does overlap with a
       ground truth region at or above a specified Jaccard index

The Jaccard Index used for the study was 0.4. The primary performance
comparison of Second Opinion CC Second Opinion was conducted using
wAFROC-FOM. A secondary analysis was carried out using HR-ROC-AUC.

 There were a total number of lesion localizations (mean per image) of 204
 (1.5) and 322 (1.6) by Second Opinion and Second Opinion CC
 respectively resulting from the non-inferiority study. The
 Obuchowski-Rockette analysis of jackknife and ANOVA estimate of the
 FOM difference between Second Opinion devices showed the estimated
 difference (95% CI) was 0.26 (0.22, 0.31). The lower bound of the 95% CI
 exceeded -0.05 showing Second Opinion CC was non- inferior to Second
 Opinion at the 5% level of significance. The wAFROC-FOM, 95% CI for
 Second Opinion CC was 0.81 (0.77, 0.85) and HR-ROC-AUC, 95% CI was
 0.88 (0.85, 0.91). The null hypothesis was rejected.


The HR-ROC analysis further supports that Second Opinion CC’s caries
detection is non-inferior to that of Second Opinion. Second Opinion CC
demonstrated a lesion level sensitivity (95% CI) of 90% (87%, 94%) and average
false positives per image (95% CI) of 1.34 (1.20, 1.48).

K242522


The segmentation accuracy was assessed to demonstrate clinically-acceptable
accuracy using the Dice coefficient. The least squares (LS) mean (95% CI) for
the Dice coefficient for true positives (n=322) was 0.73 (0.71, 0.75). The LS
mean and 95% CI are from a linear mixed model with subject as random effect
since more than one true positive may be on each image. The lower bound of
the 95% CI exceeds the pre-defined clinically justified acceptance criteria of >
0.70.


14.Conclusions
Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion CC and its primary
predicate device, Second Opinion, are deemed to have similar intended uses as
devices which aid in the detection of caries lesions that can appear in dental
radiographic imagery. Second Opinion CC’s clinical trial results demonstrate that the
device effectively performs as well as the primary predicate device.
As Second Opinion CC raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended
use and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.