Nexsys Electronics Inc. dba Medweb
℅ Dr. Yujan Shrestha
CEO Innolitics
1101 West 34th St #550
Austin, Texas 78705

                                                              December 20, 2024
Re: K242362
    Trade/Device Name: Lightning Viewer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 21, 2024
    Received: November 21, 2024


Dear Dr. Yujan Shrestha:


We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K242362 - Dr. Yujan Shrestha                                                          Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K242362 - Dr. Yujan Shrestha                                                          Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

Submission Number (if known)
K242362

Device Name
Lightning Viewer

Indications for Use (Describe)
Lightning Viewer is software for diagnostic and clinical review intended for use in General Radiology
(images from modalities including CR/DR/XT, CT, FL, MR, MG, NM, US/US Echo, PET, VL) and
other healthcare imaging applications.
Lightning Viewer is intended to be used with off the shelf computing devices. Display monitors used
for reading medical images for diagnostic purposes must comply with applicable clinical
requirements, regulatory approvals, and with quality control requirements for their use and
maintenance. With appropriate display monitors, lighting, image quality, and level of lossy image
compression, Lightning Viewer is intended for diagnostic purposes to be used by trained healthcare
professionals. Display calibration and lighting conditions should be verified by viewing a test pattern
prior to use for diagnostic purposes.
Lightning Viewer supports major desktop browsers such as Microsoft Edge, Chrome, Safari, and
Windows. Lightning Viewer displays both lossless and lossy compressed images. Each healthcare
professional must ensure that they have the necessary environment to ensure the appropriate image
quality for their clinical purpose and determine the level of lossy image compression acceptable for
their purpose. Lossy image compression should not be used for primary reading in mammography.
Lightning Viewer can be utilized for image manipulation by radiology technologists or other
healthcare professionals. Lightning Viewer can be used to verify that images captured in a medical
imaging system have a diagnostic quality; to correct viewing characteristics of the image such as
orientation, rotation, and contrast; as well as to add annotations to mark significant findings or
provide guidance for radiologists.
Lightning Viewer can store annotations and measurements as DICOM presentation states without
changing the original image data. Lightning Viewer can display annotations and measurements as
an overlay on images from DICOM objects, and from Computer-Aided Diagnosis (CAD) and Al
software. The viewer can perform 3D Multi-Planar Reformatting (MPR), 3D Maximum Intensity
Projection (MIP) and 3D Volume Rendering (VR). Lightning Viewer is purposed to aid in reviewing
findings through its ability to display clinical documents and reports side by side with the images.
This can be used side by side with a reporting tool to create diagnostic reports.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

DOC-0031                                              510(k) Summary                                                             Rev C

                                          Effective Date: 2024-12-20                Page 1 of 7

1.CONTACT INFORMATION


 Company Name              Nexsys Electronics Inc. dba Medweb

 Address                    800 Airport Blvd Suite 318, Burlingame, CA 94010

 Phone Number               415-541-9980

 Company Representative       Brian Bandy, Director of Software Development, Medweb

 Email                    bbandy@medweb.com

 Primary Correspondent        Yujan Shrestha, CEO, Innolitics

 Primary Correspondent Email   fda@innolitics.com

 Date Summary Prepared       August 8th, 2024

2.DEVICE INFORMATION


 Item                 Description

 Device Name         Lightning Viewer

 Manufacturer       Nexsys Electronics Inc. dba Medweb

 Product Code      LLZ

 Regulation Number   892.2050

 Regulation Name     System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Regulatory Class     Class II

 Review Panel        Radiology

3.PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION


 Item                 Description

 Device Name       OmegaAI Image Viewer

 Manufacturer       RamSoft Inc.


 510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL

DOC-0031                                              510(k) Summary                                                             Rev C

                                          Effective Date: 2024-12-20                Page 2 of 7


 Item                 Description

 510(k) Number      K222476

 Product Code      LLZ

 Regulation Number   892.2050

 Regulation Name     System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Regulatory Class     Class II

 Review Panel        Radiology

4.DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Lightning Viewer is a web-based DICOM medical image viewer that allows for diagnostic
viewing, measuring, manipulating, and annotation of radiological series and images. The
Lightning Viewer is part of a server, providing healthcare professionals with a comprehensive
tool for accessing and interacting with medical images. Key features and functions of the
Medweb Lightning Viewer include:
   •  A web browser-based interface for easy access without client software installation
   •    Support for multiple imaging modalities including CR/DR/XR, CT, MR, US/US Echo,
    MG (Mammo), FL (Fluoro), VL (visual light), NM (Nuclear medicine), PET
   •   Advanced image manipulation tools such as window/level adjustment, zooming, panning,
      and image rotation
   •   Measurement and annotation capabilities including length, angle, area, and freehand ROI
        tools
   •    Specialized tools for specific imaging modalities, such as for mammography tools and
       spine labeling
   •  MPR (Multiplanar Reconstruction) mode with crosshairs tool for 3D visualization and
     MIP (Maximum Intensity Projection)
   •    Synchronized scrolling across series and studies for efficient comparison
   •    Customizable layouts and hanging protocols for various study types
   •   DICOM-compliant image viewing and data management
The Medweb Lightning Viewer consists of a user-friendly workspace with a customizable
toolbar, providing quick access to commonly used tools. The viewer supports various layout
options, including side-by-side comparison of series and prior studies. Users can easily navigate


 510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL

DOC-0031                                              510(k) Summary                                                             Rev C

                                          Effective Date: 2024-12-20                Page 3 of 7

through image stacks, adjust window/level settings, and apply advanced visualization techniques
like MPR.
Medweb Lightning Viewer is designed to integrate seamlessly with existing PACS installations.
It allows authorized users to access patient studies from multiple sources, facilitating efficient
workflow for radiologists, physicians, and other healthcare professionals.
Lightning Viewer provides a comprehensive set of tools for image review and analysis. It
supports various image formats and modalities, making it a versatile solution for healthcare
facilities of all sizes.
The system employs user authentication and access controls to ensure that only authorized
personnel can access sensitive patient information. This makes it suitable for use both within
healthcare facilities and for remote access by referring physicians or specialists, promoting
efficient telemedicine and teleradiology practices.

4.1. Key Marketing Claims

Lightning Viewer is a zero-footprint web viewer for medical images, offering fast and efficient
access to patient studies. It provides a comprehensive toolset for image manipulation and
analysis in a user-friendly interface. Medweb’s Lightning Viewer supports DICOM-compliant
images and integrates seamlessly with existing PACS.
5.INTENDED USE

The intended use of Medweb Lightning Viewer is to review and navigate diagnostic images. The
viewer includes tools to aid in visualizing a region of interest.
6.INDICATIONS FOR USE

Lightning Viewer is software for diagnostic and clinical review intended for use in General
Radiology (images from modalities including CR/DR/XT, CT, FL, MR, MG, NM, US/US Echo,
PET, VL) and other healthcare imaging applications.
Lightning Viewer is intended to be used with off the shelf computing devices. Display monitors
used for reading medical images for diagnostic purposes must comply with applicable clinical
requirements, regulatory approvals, and with quality control requirements for their use and
maintenance. With appropriate display monitors, lighting, image quality, and level of lossy
image compression, Lightning Viewer is intended for diagnostic purposes to be used by trained
healthcare professionals. Display calibration and lighting conditions should be verified by
viewing a test pattern prior to use for diagnostic purposes.


 510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL

DOC-0031                                              510(k) Summary                                                             Rev C

                                          Effective Date: 2024-12-20                Page 4 of 7

Lightning Viewer supports major desktop browsers such as Microsoft Edge, Chrome, Safari, and
Windows. Lightning Viewer displays both lossless and lossy compressed images. Each
healthcare professional must ensure that they have the necessary environment to ensure the
appropriate image quality for their clinical purpose and determine the level of lossy image
compression acceptable for their purpose. Lossy image compression should not be used for
primary reading in mammography.
Lightning Viewer can be utilized for image manipulation by radiology technologists or other
healthcare professionals. Lightning Viewer can be used to verify that images captured in a
medical imaging system have a diagnostic quality; to correct viewing characteristics of the image
such as orientation, rotation, and contrast; as well as to add annotations to mark significant
findings or provide guidance for radiologists.
Lightning Viewer can store annotations and measurements as DICOM presentation states
without changing the original image data. Lightning Viewer can display annotations and
measurements as an overlay on images from DICOM objects, and from Computer-Aided
Diagnosis (CAD) and AI software. The viewer can perform 3D Multi-Planar Reformatting
(MPR), 3D Maximum Intensity Projection (MIP) and 3D Volume Rendering (VR). Lightning
Viewer is purposed to aid in reviewing findings through its ability to display clinical documents
and reports side by side with the images. This can be used side by side with a reporting tool to
create diagnostic reports.
7.CONTRAINDICATIONS FOR USE

Lightning Viewer is contraindicated for the following:
   1.   For use on monitors that do not meet technical specifications required for radiographic
      image review, including 5 mega-pixel resolution.
   2.   Lossy image compression must not be used for primary reading in mammography.
8.SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE SUMMARY

Lightning Viewer is similar to the predicate device in the following ways:
   •   Intended use: Both devices are intended for diagnostic purposes and to be used as a
       review tool.
   •    Indications for use: Both devices have similar indications for use as SaMD for
       diagnostic review in radiology and healthcare imaging.
   •   Technology characteristics: Both devices have similar core capabilities in image
       manipulation, 3D imaging, and AI/CAD annotation display across major desktop
       browsers and various imaging modalities.


 510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL

DOC-0031                                              510(k) Summary                                                             Rev C

                                       Effective Date: 2024-12-20              Page 5 of 7

   •    Safety: Both devices SaMD/viewer systems, and don’t pose any direct safety hazard to
       the patient.
   •   Performance Testing: As both devices are SaMD/viewer systems, both were subjected
        to similar verification and validation testing.
See Device Comparison Table below for details.

8.1. Indications for Use Comparison

Lightning Viewer and the predicate device have similar indications for use. Both devices are
software solutions for diagnostic and clinical review in general radiology and other healthcare
imaging applications. They support major desktop browsers and various imaging modalities,
allowing for image manipulation, 3D imaging, and AI/CAD annotation display. While the
predicate offers broader functionality across more specialties and mobile platforms, these
differences do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness. The core diagnostic
capabilities, image quality considerations, and emphasis on appropriate display conditions
remain consistent between both viewers. The absence of mobile functionality or extended
specialties in Lightning Viewer's indications does not impact its safety or effectiveness within its
intended use scope.

8.2. Device Comparison Table


 Feature          Lightning Viewer       OmegaAI Image Viewer     Comments

 Intended Use      Lightning Viewer is       The OmegaAI Image Viewer   Same
                    intended for diagnostic       is intended for diagnostic
                   purposes and to be used     purposes and to be used as a
                     as a review tool.           review tool.

 Mammographic   Lossy image              Lossy image               Same
 Use              compression should not     compression should not be
                  be used for primary        used for primary reading in
                    reading in               mammography.
                mammography.

 Image            Adjustment Tools:         Adjustment Tools:          Same
 Manipulation    Window level, rotate,     Window level, rotate, flip,
 Features              flip, pan, stack scroll, and   pan, stack scroll, and zoom.
                 zoom.                  Markup Tools:
                Markup Tools:             Annotate, angle, cobb angle,
                    Annotate, angle, cobb       probe, Mark ROI, and
                     angle, probe, Mark ROI,    measurement.
                  and measurement.


 510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL

DOC-0031                                             510(k) Summary                                                            Rev C

                                         Effective Date: 2024-12-20                Page 6 of 7


Feature          Lightning Viewer       OmegaAI Image Viewer     Comments

Specialized       Spine labeling;           Unknown.                 The subject device has specialized tools for
Tools          Mammography tools                                          specific use cases, such as spine labeling
                                                                    and mammography tools. These tools fall
                                                                        under the same general intended use to
                                                                        review and navigate diagnostic images and
                                                                               aiding users in visualizing a region of
                                                                                            interest. Thus, the inclusion of these
                                                                                 specialized tools do not raise any new
                                                                              questions of safety and effectiveness.

Support           Supports the following     View all image modalities,     Both devices support a wide range of image
Modalities       image modalities            including CR, CT, DX, MR,    modalities, including CR, CT, MR, MG,
               CR/DR/XR, CT, FL, MR,  MG, NM, US, PET, RG, SC,  NM, US, PET, and VL. The predicate
             MG, NM, US/US Echo,    VL, XA, PET, and Film        device supports additional modalities like
             PET and VL.                 Digitizer.                 DX, RG, SC, XA, and Film Digitizer. This
                                                                                 difference does not raise any new questions
                                                                              of safety or effectiveness. The additional
                                                                               modalities supported by the predicate device
                                                                 do not impact the safety or effectiveness of
                                                                           Lightning Viewer for its intended use cases.

Architecture    A web-based software      Server-based software         Both devices are zero-footprint and require
                    solution that displays        solution that displays images   no installation. The subject device is webimages and reports from a   and reports from a PACS       based, while the predicate device is serverPACS through a zero-       using a zero-footprint           based. The architectural difference does not
                    footprint application         application (browser).          impact the core functionality, safety, or
                    accessible via a web      No installation is needed.       effectiveness of either device. Both
                  browser, requiring no                                         architectures are commonly used in medical
                      installation.                                           imaging and have established safety and
                                                                       performance profiles.

Technology      Use of various           Use of various technology     Both devices utilize industry-standard
                  technology standards like    standards (LDAP, SSO,        technologies for communication and data
             DICOM, DICOMweb,     HTTPS, HTML, HL-7         exchange (DICOM, HL7). Each device uses
            WADO, Rest, HL7.         Integration web services,       a different set of additional technologies to
                                                        etc.)                           support its architecture and features (e.g.,
                                                                     web-based vs. server-based). These
                                                                                 differences do not impact the safety or
                                                                                  effectiveness of the devices. The different
                                                                              technologies used by the devices are all
                                                                                industry-standard and well-established for
                                                                                         their respective purposes (security,
                                                                       communication, data exchange).

Support           Supports major browsers    Supports major desktop (for    The predicate device supports a wider range
Platforms,          like Chrome and Safari.     diagnostic purposes) and        of platforms, including desktop and mobile
Devices                                   mobile platforms (for non-      operating systems. Lightning Viewer is
                                                diagnostic purposes; can be     designed as a web-based application and
                                           used as a review tool) such as    relies on the browser's capabilities for
                                             Microsoft Edge, Chrome,       compatibility and rendering. This difference


510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL

DOC-0031
                                              510(k) Summary
                                                             Rev C

                                          Effective Date: 2024-12-20                Page 7 of 7


 Feature          Lightning Viewer       OmegaAI Image Viewer     Comments

                                                      Safari, Apple iOS, Android,    does not raise new questions of safety or
                                     Windows and Mac devices.     effectiveness.

9.PERFORMANCE DATA

9.1. Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by 2023 FDA Guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
Functions”.

The software verification and validation testing verified that the design requirements were
successfully met. The intended use and user needs were successfully validated.

As the intended use, functionality and performance of the subject device and the predicate device
are equivalent, the result of the performance testing is evidence that the Lightning Viewer
performs in an equivalent manner to the OmegaAI Image Viewer.

9.2. Non-Clinical Performance Testing

A phantom study using a dataset with known voxel dimensions to evaluate the accuracy of the
device’s measurement calculations was performed and demonstrated that the device accurately
calculates distance and angle measurements based on user-defined inputs.

9.3. Clinical Performance Testing

No clinical performance data was necessary to claim substantial equivalence.

10.  CONCLUSION

The Lightning Viewer shares similar technological characteristics, intended use, and
functionality with the predicate device. There are no differences between the devices that raise
new questions of safety and effectiveness.

Furthermore, non-clinical performance test data and software verification and validation
demonstrate that Lightning Viewer performs comparably to the predicate device in terms of
safety and effectiveness.

Based on the device comparisons and the acceptable testing results, it is determined that
Lightning Viewer is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


 510(k) Summary Rev C                                    CONFIDENTIAL