November 22, 2024

Beacon Biosignals, Inc.
Alexander Chan
VP of Analytics and Machine Learning
22 Boston Wharf Road
7th Floor, Unit 41
Boston, Massachusetts 02210


Re: K242094
    Trade/Device Name: Dreem 3S
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1400
    Regulation Name: Electroencephalograph
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLZ, OLV
    Dated: October 18, 2024
    Received: October 21, 2024

Dear Alexander Chan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242094 - Alexander Chan                                                            Page  2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K242094 - Alexander Chan                                                            Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Jay R. Gupta -S

                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242094
Device Name
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Dreem 3S is intended for prescription use to measure, record, display, transmit and analyze the
electrical activity of the brain to assess sleep and awake in the home or healthcare environment.
The Dreem 3S can also output a hypnogram of sleep scoring by 30-second epoch and summary of
sleep metrics derived from this hypnogram.
The Dreem 3S is used for the assessment of sleep on adult individuals (22 to 65 years old). The
Dreem 3S allows for the generation of user/predefined reports based on the subject's data.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Dreem 3S - K242094


          510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

SUBMITTER

 Applicant               Beacon Biosignals, Inc.
                         22 Boston Wharf Rd.
                                    7th Floor, Unit 41
                            Boston, MA 02210

 Contact                   Alexander Chan
                     VP of Analytics and Machine Learning
                               Email: alex.chan@beacon.bio

 Date Prepared               21 June 2024


DEVICE INFORMATION

Subject Device

 Name of Device          Dreem 3S

 Regulation                   21 CFR 882.1400

 Product Code            OLZ, OLV

 Device Class                Class II

 Review Panel             Neurology

Predicate Device

 Predicate Manufacturer    Beacon Biosignals, Inc.

 Predicate Trade Name     Dreem 3S

 Predicate 510(k)          K223539


DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Dreem 3S headband contains microelectronics, within a flexible case made of plastic, foam, and
fabric. It includes 6 EEG electrodes and a 3D accelerometer sensor.

The EEG signal is measured by two electrodes in the frontal band (prefrontal position) and two at the
back of the head (occipital position), along with one reference electrode and one ground electrode.

The 3D accelerometer is embedded in the top of the headband to ensure accurate measurements of
the wearer’s head movement during the night. The raw EEG and accelerometer data are transferred
to Dreem's servers for further analysis after the night is over.


                                                                         1

Dreem 3S - K242094


The device includes a bone-conduction speaker with volume control to provide notifications to the
wearer, and a power button circled by a multicolor LED light

The device generates a sleep report that includes a sleep staging for each 30-second epoch during
the night. This output is produced using an algorithm that analyzes data from the headband EEG and
accelerometer sensors. A raw data file is also available in EDF format.

The algorithm uses raw EEG data and accelerometer data to provide automatic sleep staging
according to the AASM classification. The algorithm is implemented with an artificial neural network.
Frequency spectrums are computed from raw data and then passed to several neural network layers
including recurrent layers and attention layers. The algorithm outputs prediction for several epochs of
30 seconds at the same time, every 30 seconds. The various outputs for a single epoch of 30
seconds are combined to provide robust sleep scoring.

INDICATION FOR USE

The Dreem 3S is intended for prescription use to measure, record, display, transmit and analyze the
electrical activity of the brain to assess sleep in the home or healthcare environment.

The Dreem 3S can also output a hypnogram of sleep scoring by 30-second epoch and summary of
sleep metrics derived from this hypnogram.

The Dreem 3S is used for the assessment of sleep on adult individuals (22 to 65 years old). The
Dreem 3S allows for the generation of user/predefined reports based on the subject’s data.

TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND COMPARISON

The Dreem 3S is substantially equivalent to the previous version of the Dreem 3S (K223539) based
on the technological and performance characteristics as described in the summary table below.

The subject device Dreem 3S and the predicate Dreem 3S (K223539) have identical technological
characteristics except for the presence of a Predefined Change Control Plan (PCCP) that is a new
characteristic of the subject device. The PCCP allows for the update of the algorithmic components
of the Dreem 3S device. Both subject and predicate device are for the assessment of sleep and are
both used to measure, record, display, transmit and analyze physiological parameters during sleep
and wake in the home and healthcare facility. Both subject and predicate devices are used to aid
diagnosis of adult patients with disturbed sleep. Both devices allow for the generation of
user/predefined reports based on the subject’s data. Both the subject and predicate devices may be
used in home and healthcare facilities. Both devices are for prescription use only.

It is thus concluded that the intended use of the Dreem 3S is substantially equivalent the
previously cleared version of the Dreem 3S (K223539).

The comparison table below is provided as a summary of the most relevant characteristics of the
Dreem 3S relative to the predicate device.

TABLE 1  : COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS


 Technological             Subject Device        Predicate Device       Comparison to
 Characteristic                                                           Predicate Device


 Device Name         Dreem 3S            Dreem 3S (K223539)   N/A


 Manufacturer         Beacon Biosignals, Inc.  Beacon Biosignals, Inc.  Same


 Regulation Number      21 CFR 882.1400         21 CFR 882.1400      Same


 Class                 2                    2                 Same


                                         2

Dreem 3S - K242094


Device                Automatic Event       Automatic Event      Same
                       Detection Software      Detection SoftwareClassification Name
                           for PSG with EEG        for PSG With EEG


Product Codes        OLZ, OLV             OLZ, OLV           Same


Portable Design       Yes                  Yes                Same


Patient Worn Device   Yes                  Yes                Same


Physical dimensions    Head perimeter        Head perimeter       Same
                540mm to 620mm.    540mm to 620mm.
                  One size fits all.       One size fits all.
                        Adjustable with XS, S,   Adjustable with XS, S,
                       M, L spacers.           M, L spacers.


Weight               130g                  130g               Same


Materials           ABS Soft polyester    ABS Soft polyester     Same
                           fabric                     fabric


Method of Connection  6 dry electrodes for    6 dry electrodes for    Same
to Patient           EEG assessment on    EEG assessment on
                       the headband.          the headband.
                       3D-accelerometer for    3D-accelerometer for
                    movement/body       movement/body
                         position assessment.     position assessment.
                    Bone conduction      Bone conduction
                       audio system.           audio system.


Data Analysis          Automatic scoring and  Automatic scoring and  Same
                        derived sleep metrics    derived sleep metrics
                        are provided to the      are provided to the
                         health care provider     health care provider
                      through a specific       through a specific
                          report, in a pdf file.       report, in a pdf file.
                      Manual analysis and     Manual analysis and
                      marking are available    marking are available
                    on raw data.          on raw data.


#Channels of data         - 5 EEG channels         - 5 EEG channels     Same
recorded                from 5 electrodes      from 5 electrodes
                         (4 frontal-occipital      (4 frontal-occipital
                             derivations, 1             derivations, 1
                              frontal-frontal            frontal-frontal
                            derivation)               derivation)
                               - 3 Triaxial                 - 3 Triaxial
                          accelerometer          accelerometer
                          channels               channels


Operating Time      Up to 24 hours       Up to 24 hours       Same


                                       3

Dreem 3S - K242094


 Recording Time      Same as the operating  Same as the operating  Same
                           time. Up to 24 hours.     time. Up to 24 hours.


 Predetermined          Includes PCCP that    No PCCP                 Different - Predicate
 Change Control Plan    allows for the update                           devices does not
                          of the signal                                      include a PCCP
                         preprocessing,
                      machine learning
                        model, and probability
                         postprocessing.


PERFORMANCE TESTING

No bench testing, animal testing, or clinical testing was performed to support this submission.
Because this submission only involves the additional inclusion of the Predetermined Change Control
Plan, the performance characteristics of the submitted device are the same as previously reported for
the predicate device (K223539).

PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN

Dreem 3S includes an authorized Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) that allows for planned
updates of the machine learning software device function (ML-DSF) and non-ML algorithmic
components to improve sleep staging performance within the existing intended use and indications
for use. This PCCP allows for the modification of the algorithmic components of Dreem 3S including
the signal preprocessing, machine learning model, or postprocessing to achieve increased sleep
staging performance. The three modifications are summarized in the table below.

 #   Modification         Description

  1   Update of Signal    Dreem 3S’s EEG signal preprocessing may be modified for the
      Preprocessing       purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the intended
     Steps              use population by:

                                  •   Updating the parameters of the digital signal processing steps
                                             (e.g., filtering) applied to the Dreem 3S headband signals
                                 before being input to the machine learning model

 2   Update of Machine  Dreem 3S’s sleep staging neural network may be modified for the
      Learning Model      purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the intended
                         use population by:

                                  •   Retraining with an updated training/tuning dataset
                                  •   Retraining with updated hyper-parameters, loss function,
                                  optimizer
                                  •   Retraining with updated model selection criteria
                                  •   Retraining with an updated neural network architecture with
                                       limitations on model size and type

 3   Update of         Dreem 3S’s probability postprocessing may be modified for the
      Probability          purposes of improving sleep staging performance within the intended
      Postprocessing      use population by:

                                  •   Updating the methods by which sleep stages are generated
                              from the model output sleep stage probabilities


Modifications 1 and 2 above would trigger re-training of the machine learning model, while
modification 3 would not trigger re-training of the machine learning model.

The testing of any modification to Dreem 3S within the scope of the PCCP will include
comprehensive software verification and validation testing, including repeating unit, integration, and
system level tests related to the software components affected by the change. All of these software


                                     4

Dreem 3S - K242094


verification tests must pass for a modification to be considered valid. In addition, clinical performance
validation will also be repeated, and will require that the performance of any modification to Dreem
3S to be non-inferior to the all previously released versions of the Dreem 3S device. Non-inferiority
margins were selected based on the level of human variability estimated from comparison of expert
scoring from 284 American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM) compliant polysomnography
recordings.

Recordings that are used for any purpose (e.g., training, tuning, failure analysis, etc.) that might lead
to direct or indirect insight regarding the performance of a modified sleep staging algorithm on this
recording, other than execution of the clinical performance validation per the methods specified in
the PCCP, are excluded from the test dataset. Quality checks will ensure that the test data are
sufficiently high quality and representative of the intended use population.

Upon a release of an updated version of Dreem 3S based on this PCCP, communication will be
provided to all clinical users of Dreem 3S, informing them that a new version of Dreem 3S is available,
with a description of the release and its updated performance.

CONCLUSIONS

The Dreem 3S is substantially equivalent to the previous version of the legally marketed Dreem 3S
(K223539) and presents no new concerns about safety or effectiveness.


                                        5