Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Jiayan Liu
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Henkestr. 127
ERLANGEN, 91052
GERMANY                                                   March 3, 2025

Re: K242551
    Trade/Device Name: syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: February 28, 2025
    Received: March 3, 2025

Dear Jiayan Liu:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242551 - Jiayan Liu                                                                 Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K242551 - Jiayan Liu                                                                 Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242551

Device Name
syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)


Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo Dynamics is a multimodality, vendor agnostic Cardiology image and information system intended for medical
image management and processing that provides capabilities relating to the review and digital processing of medical
images.

syngo Dynamics supports clinicians by providing post image processing functions for image manipulation, and/or
quantification that are intended for use in the interpretation and analysis of medical images for disease detection,
diagnosis, and/or patient management within the healthcare institution’s network.

syngo Dynamics is not intended to be used for display or diagnosis of digital mammography images in the U.S.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


                        510(k) Summary

                    syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)

                           K242551


In accordance with 21 CFR §807.92, the following summary of safety and effectiveness is provided.


 I.  SUBMITTER                                         21CFR § 807.92(a)(1)

 Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
 400 W. Morgan Road
 Ann Arbor, MI 48108

 Contact Person: Jiayan Liu

 Phone: +1 (734) 604-7870
 Email: jiayan.liu@siemens-healthineers.com


 Date Prepared: August 27th, 2024


 II.  DEVICE                                             21CFR § 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name          syngo Dynamics (version VA41D)
 Common Name             Medical image management and processing system
 Classification Name          System, Image Processing, Radiological
 Classification Panel          Radiology
 Regulation Number         21 CFR §892.2050
 Product Code            QIH


 III. LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICES           21CFR § 807.92(a)(3)

 Predicate Device
 Device Trade Name         syngo Dynamics (Version VA40F)
 510(k) Number            K222428
 Product Code            QIH
 This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 1 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551

 IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION SUMMARY                     21CFR § 807.92(a)(4)

 This premarket notification addresses the Siemens Healthineers syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
 Medical Image Management and Processing System (MIMPS).
 syngo Dynamics is a software only medical device which is used with common IT hardware.
 Recommended configurations are defined for the hardware required to run the device, and hardware is
 not considered as part of the medical device.
 syngo Dynamics is intended to be used by trained healthcare professionals in a professional healthcare
 facility to review, edit, and manipulate image data, as well as to generate quantitative data, qualitative
 data, and diagnostic reports.

 syngo Dynamics is a digital image display and reporting system with flexible deployment – it can
 function as a standalone medical device that includes a DICOM Server or as an integrated module
 within an Electronic Health Record (EHR) System with a DICOM Archive that receives images from
 digital image acquisition devices such as ultrasound and x-ray angiography machines. There are three
 deployments: Standalone, EHR/EHS Integrated, and Multi-Modality Cardiovascular (MMCV).
 MMCV deployment functions as a standalone medical device with capability of natively support 2D
 and 3D CT and MR image types.

 The use of syngo Dynamics is focused on cardiac ultrasound (echocardiography), angiography (x-ray),
 cardiac nuclear medicine (NM), CT and MR studies that cover both adult and pediatric medicine. Also
 supported is vascular ultrasound and ultrasound in Obstetrics/Gynecology and Maternal Fetal Medicine
 (fetal echocardiography during pregnancy).

 syngo Dynamics is based on a client-server architecture. The syngo Dynamics server processes the
 data from the connected imaging modalities, and stores data and images to a DICOM server and routes
 them for permanent storage, printing, and review. The client provides the user interface for interactive
 image viewing, reporting, and processing; and can be installed on network connected workstations.
 syngo Dynamics provides various semi-automated anatomical visualization tools.

 syngo Dynamics offers multiple access strategies: A Workplace that provides full functionality for
 reading and reporting; A Remote Workplace that provides additionally compressed images with access
 to full fidelity images for reading and reporting; and a browser based WebViewer that provides access
 to additionally compressed images and reports from compatible devices (including mobile devices).

 In the United States, monitors (displays) should not be used for diagnosis, unless the monitor (display)
 has specifically received 510(k) clearance for this purpose.


 V.  INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE                21CFR § 807.92(a)(5)
 syngo Dynamics is a multimodality, vendor agnostic Cardiology image and information system
 intended for medical image management and processing that provides capabilities relating to the
 review and digital processing of medical images.

 syngo Dynamics supports clinicians by providing post image processing functions for image
 manipulation, and/or quantification that are intended for use in the interpretation and analysis of
 medical images for disease detection, diagnosis, and/or patient management within the healthcare
 institution’s network.

 syngo Dynamics is not intended to be used for display or diagnosis of digital mammography images in
 the U.S.


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 2 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


 Indications for Use Comparison
                Subject Device                                Predicate Device
             syngo Dynamics VA41D                         syngo Dynamics VA40F
                 K242551                                 K222428

 syngo Dynamics is a multimodality, vendor        syngo Dynamics is a multimodality, vendor
 agnostic Cardiology image and information         agnostic Cardiology image and information
 system intended for medical image management    system intended for medical image management
 and processing that provides capabilities relating    and processing that provides capabilities relating
 to the review and digital processing of medical      to the review and digital processing of medical
 images.                                         images.
 syngo Dynamics supports clinicians by providing   syngo Dynamics supports clinicians by providing
 post image processing functions for image          post image processing functions for image
 manipulation, and/or quantification that are         manipulation, and/or quantification that are
 intended for use in the interpretation and analysis    intended for use in the interpretation and analysis
 of medical images for disease detection,             of medical images for disease detection,
 diagnosis, and/or patient management within the     diagnosis, and/or patient management within the
 healthcare institution’s network.                    healthcare institution’s network.
 syngo Dynamics is not intended to be used for      syngo Dynamics is not intended to be used for
 display or diagnosis of digital mammography       displaying or diagnosis of digital mammography
 images in the U.S.                             images in the U.S.


The subject device, syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) is a new version of the predicate device, syngo
Dynamics VA40F (K222482). The Indications for Use for the subject device and the predicate device are
identical. There were no fundamental changes to the device as a cardiology-focused information and
imaging management software.

Neither the subject nor the predicate device is indicated for any specific disease, condition, or patient
population, and both are intended to support healthcare professionals in the healthcare institutions’
environment.

Both the subject and predicate devices share the same contraindication that they are not intended to be
used for display or diagnosis of digital mammography images in the U.S.

Indications for Use/Intended Use Comparison Summary and Conclusion

The Indications for Use were assessed in accordance with the following FDA Guidance Documents:

    •  The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications [510(k)]
    •  Food and Drug Administration Staff Guidance for Industry, General/Specific Intended Use

The results of this evaluation determined that the Indications for Use for the subject device and the
predicate device are fundamentally the same, and only includes minor updates. As such, Siemens
Healthineers is of the opinion that the Intended Use and Indications for Use are similar to the predicate
device.


 VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL                   21CFR § 807.92(a)(6)
   CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 3 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


                     Subject Device          Predicate Device
                                                                  Equivalency
   Attribute    syngo Dynamics VA41D  syngo Dynamics VA40F
                                                                        Analysis
                    K242551              K222428

 Architecture     Client-server                  Client-server                  Identical
 Supported       •  US                    •  US                        Identical
 modalities       •  XA                    •  XA
                  •  DX                    •  DX
                  •  CT                    •  CT
                  •  MR                    •  MR
                  •  SC                     •  SC
                  • NM                    • NM
                  •  PT                     •  PT
                  •  ECG                   •  ECG
 Supported       •   Standalone medical      •   Standalone medical       Identical
 deployment          device including a           device including a
               DICOM Server         DICOM Server
                  •   Integrated model within  •   Integrated model within
                     an Electronic Health         an Electronic Health
                    Record (EHR) System       Record (EHR) System
                      with a DICOM Archive      with a DICOM Archive
                  •   Multimodality           •   Multimodality
                       Cardiovascular               Cardiovascular
               (MMCV) deployment      (MMCV) deployment
                      with native support of        with native support of
                  2D/3D CT/MR image       2D/3D CT/MR image
                       types                        types

 Image           Within the network, the      Within the network, the       Identical
 Communication  following communication     following communication
                    protocols are used:            protocols are used:
                  •   TCP/IP: for             •  TCP/IP for
                    communication and         communication and
                         transport                      transport
                  •  DICOM and HL7 at      •  DICOM and HL7 at
                        application level              application level
                  •  HTTP for               •  HTTP(S) for
                    communication and         communication and
                         transport of images,           transport of images,
                 MP4s and thumbnails      MP4s and thumbnails

 Image Data      Lossless compression with    Lossless compression with    Identical
 Compression    compression factor 2 to 3     compression factor 2 to 3
                 and lossy compression       and lossy compression
                (JPEG and MP4) with       (JPEG and MP4) with
                   higher compression rate.      higher compression rate.


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 4 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


                     Subject Device          Predicate Device
                                                                  Equivalency
   Attribute    syngo Dynamics VA41D  syngo Dynamics VA40F
                                                                        Analysis
                    K242551              K222428
 Imaging         •  Window/Leveling       •  Window/Leveling       Enhanced. Rationale is
 Algorithms      •  Edge Enhancement      •  Edge Enhancement       provided below this
                  •   Digital Subtraction       •   Digital Subtraction        table.
                  •   Multiplanar             •   Multiplanar
                        reconstruction (MPR)         reconstruction (MPR)
                  •  Maximum and          •  Maximum and
                 Minimum Intensity        Minimum Intensity
                        Projection (MIP/MinIP)       Projection (MIP/MinIP)
                  •  Volume Rendering       •  Volume Rendering
                     Technique (VRT)           Technique (VRT)
                  •  Gamma Correction       •  Gamma Correction
                  •  Manual and semi-        •  Manual and semiautomated calculation        automated calculation
                         for left ventricular             for left ventricular
                         ejection fraction (Auto        ejection fraction (Auto
                     EF, updated)              EF)
 Quantitative     •   Pixel Size Evaluation     •   Pixel Size Evaluation     Identical
 algorithms       •   Distance line            •   Distance line
                  •  Angle                  •  Angle
                  •  volume                 •  Volume

 Decision          Ability to interface with a     Ability to interface with a     Identical
 Support           third-party rules engine        third-party rules engine
                    (BizTalk), where rules are    (BizTalk), where rules are
                   configured by the end        configured by the end
                  customer to determine       customer to determine
                      clinical relevance of           clinical relevance of
                    selected observations.         selected observations.
                 Customers identify and      Customers identify and
                     store selected patient data.     store selected patient data.
                    Orchestrations provide a      Orchestrations provide a
                     trigger to pull in previously    trigger to pull in previously
                    stored relevant data for a      stored relevant data for a
                  given study.                 given study.
 Reporting       •   Customizable DICOM    •   Customizable DICOM    Identical
                       Structured Reporting         Structured Reporting
                  •   Collaborative reporting   •   Collaborative reporting
                  •  Web reporting           •  Remote reporting


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 5 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


                     Subject Device          Predicate Device
                                                                  Equivalency
   Attribute    syngo Dynamics VA41D  syngo Dynamics VA40F
                                                                        Analysis
                    K242551              K222428
 Access          •  Workplace (thick        •  Workplace (thick          Identical
 strategies for          client)- access for              client) – access for
 imaging and         reading and reporting.        reading and reporting.
 reporting        •  Remote Workplace      •  Remote Workplace
                 (MP4 image display       (MP4 image display
                      with access to full           with access to full
               DICOM image for       DICOM image for
                US/XA and full          US/XA and full
               DICOM image for       DICOM image for
                 CT/MR) – access for       CT/MR) – access for
                       reading and reporting         reading and reporting.
                  •  WebViewer – (Web      •  WebViewer- (Web
                        Client with MP4 Image       Client with MP4 Image
                        display) – Access for          display) – Access for
                     review only                 review only

 Mobile Device   Yes –Through the Common  Yes –Through the Common   Identical
 Support         Login and Web Viewer,      Login and Web Viewer,
                 images can be viewed on     images can be viewed on
                  mobile devices,             mobile devices,
                WebViewer, supports iOS    WebViewer, supports iOS
                 and Android devices, but     and Android devices, but
                    are non-diagnostic use.        are non-diagnostic use.

 Long Term      Provide long term archive    Provide long term archive     Identical
 Archive         and retrieve of DICOM      and retrieve of DICOM
                    studies to/from either VNA   studies to/from either VNA
                 (Vendor Neutral Archive)    (Vendor Neutral Archive)
                   or HSM (Hierarchical         or HSM (Hierarchical
                   Storage Management)        Storage Management)
                   archiving Systems.           archiving Systems.
 Hardware       Software-only option for     Software-only option for      Identical
                    server Workstation:           server Workstation:
                   software only (HW is not     software only (HW is not
                     part of the medical device,    part of the medical device,
                   but needs to meet            but needs to meet
                recommended requirements  recommended requirements
                   as specified by syngo         as specified by syngo
                 Dynamics)                Dynamics)

 Virtualization    Provides virtualization of     Provides virtualization of      Identical
                    server and client machines    server and client machines


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 6 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


                     Subject Device          Predicate Device
                                                                  Equivalency
   Attribute    syngo Dynamics VA41D  syngo Dynamics VA40F
                                                                        Analysis
                    K242551              K222428

 Operating        Server:                       Server:                        Identical
 system           Microsoft Windows server    Microsoft Windows server
                2016 Standard edition (64    2016 Standard edition (64
                       bit)                               bit)
                   Microsoft Windows Server   Microsoft Windows Server
                2019 Standard Edition (64   2019 Standard Edition (64
                     Bit)                            Bit)
                    Client Software: Microsoft    Client Software: Microsoft
               Windows 10 x64 version    Windows 10 x64 version
                1803 or greater            1803 or greater
                    Portal Website Host:          Portal Website Host:
                   Microsoft Windows Server   Microsoft Windows Server
                2016 Standard edition (64-   2016 Standard edition (64-
                         bit), Microsoft Windows       bit), Microsoft Windows
                   Server 2019 Standard        Server 2019 Standard
                    edition (64-bit)                edition (64-bit)
 Deployment     •  The use of syngo        •  The use of syngo          Identical
 strategy           Dynamics VA41D          Dynamics VA40F
                       server/workplace in the       server/workplace in the
                       context of                    context of
                       cardiovascular                cardiovascular
                        configuration.                 configuration.
                  •  EHR/EHS Integrated     •  EHR/EHS Integrated
                        configuration with            configuration with
                     syngo Dynamics server.      syngo Dynamics server.
                  •   Multi-modality          •   Multi-modality
                       cardiovascular                cardiovascular
                        configuration with            configuration with
                       native/syngo server and       native/syngo server and
                    syngo Dynamics            syngo Dynamics
                     workplace with             workplace with
                       native/syngo                 native/syngo
                     components.                components.

The functionalities and technological characteristics of subject and predicate devices are fundamentally
the same except for differences in AI/ML-enabled features. Comparing with the predicate, the Auto EF
algorithm of the subject device is re-trained with more training data to enhance the performance of
calculating left ventricle ejection fraction using ultrasound images. The re-trained algorithm passed the
validation testing using the same testing datasets and acceptance criteria, and no new concerns were found
with respect to safety and effectiveness compared to the predicate device.

The Auto EF algorithm allows users to review, edit or reject the results generated by the AI/ML-based
functions. In addition, the Auto EF algorithms are locked before integrating into the syngo Dynamics
system.

Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 7 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D)
                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) K242551


Thus, the performance of the new or enhanced features to the subject device and associated risk
mitigations were assessed in device verification and validation testing and found no new concerns for the
safety and effectiveness.


 VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
 The following performance data were provided in support to demonstrate similarities to the predicate
 /previously cleared device.

 Clinical Testing                                       21CFR § 807.92(b)(1)
 No clinical studies were carried out for syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D). All performance testing
 was conducted in a non-clinical fashion as part of the verification and validation activities for the
 medical device.


 Summary of Non-Clinical Testing                             21CFR § 807.92(b)(2)
 No performance standards for MIMPS have been issued under the authority of Section 514. Non-clinical
 testing was conducted for the device syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) during product development. The
 modifications described in this Premarket Notification were supported with verification and validation
 testing.

 Siemens Healthineers claims conformance to the following recognized consensus standards:

 •  NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2023e)
 •  ISO IEC 10918-1 First edition 1994-02-15
 •  IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.1 2020-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION
 •  ISO 14971 Third Edition 2019-12
 •  IEEE Std 3333.2.1-2015
 •  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION
 •  IEC TR 80001-2-2 Edition 1.0 2012-07
 •  IEC 82304-1 Edition 1.0 2016-10

 Software Verification and Validation
 In accordance with the FDA’s Guidance Document “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
 Functions” issued on June 14, 2023, documentation is included within this submission for software of Basic
 Documentation Level. Non-clinical Testing was conducted during product development. Evidence provided
 within this submission demonstrates conformance with special controls for medical devices containing
 software.

 Cybersecurity considerations related to syngo Dynamics are included within this submission. Siemens
 Healthineers conforms to cybersecurity requirements by implementing a means to prevent unauthorized
 access, modification, misuse, denial of use or unauthorized use of information stored, accessed or transferred
 from a medical device to an external recipient.

 Risk Analysis, in compliance with ISO 14971 Third Edition, for syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) was
 completed and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The testing results support that all the


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 8 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) Traditional 510(k) Submission

 software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for verification and validation for the device
 was found acceptable in support to determine similarities to the predicate /previously cleared device.

 Validation Studies for AI/ML-enabled functions

 Auto EF

 Compared to Auto EF in syngo Dynamics VA40F (K222428), the algorithms for view classification and
 image image-based cardiac phase detection are unchanged while the LV auto contouring algorithm has been
 updated with pre-training and additional annotated training data with the goal to improve algorithm
 performance. The user interface for Auto EF in syngo Dynamics remains unchanged.

 Performance of the updated Auto EF in syngo Dynamics VA41D was validated applying the same
 methodology including test data and ground truth as that used for syngo Dynamics VA40F.

 The test data (n = 150) represent 3 sites in the U.S. with geographic diversity from 2 different regions and are
 independent of the training data used for the training of the Auto EF algorithm. The test data are
 representative of the intended use population for Auto EF. They are balanced for gender and cover an age
 range from 21 to 93 years (average 64 years). The BMI ranges from 16.5 to 48.8 with an average of 27.9.
 Three ultrasound manufacturers (Philips, GE and Siemens) are included in the testing. Cases across the range
 of cardiac function are included.

 The ground truth was established by 2 experienced sonographers using a conventional manual method to
 establish left ventricular volumes and ejection fraction with the “Method of Disks” (MOD) also known as the
 Modified Simpson's Rule. The 2 sonographers worked independently of each other and did not have access to
 Auto EF when establishing the ground truth.

 Acceptance of the statistical data is a Pearson’s correlation coefficient r ≥ 0.800 between the biplane EF
 generated by Auto EF and the ground truth. This acceptance criterion has been previously used for the
 purpose of evaluating left ventricular ejection fraction in the predicate device (K222428). Additional
 acceptance criteria were defined with a total of 12 predetermined acceptance criteria.

 The Auto EF results with the subject device are exceeding all 12 defined acceptance criteria. The Auto
 EF version in the predicate device has biplane results in 138 of 150 cases (92.0%) which is increased to 140 of
 150 cases (93.3%) with the subject device. Biplane EF correlation between Auto EF and ground truth is 0.822
 with the subject device compared to 0.826 with the predicate device which is on a similar level. The bias is
 minimal with -0.2% absolute EF which remains unchanged. The coverage plot shows that the absolute biplane
 EF delta between Auto EF and GT is ≤10% in 87.9% of cases with the subject device which is higher than
 83.7% with the predicate device.

 The results of clinical data-based software validation for the subject device demonstrated equivalent
 performance in comparison to the reference generated using conventional manual analysis.


 VIII.  Predetermined Change Control Plan
 Siemens Healthineers will make future algorithm improvements under a Predetermined Change Control
 Plans (PCCPs) for Auto EF functions. The PCCP specifies anticipated modifications to the device software.

 The PCCP also specifies the methods to implement those modifications so that the device remains as safe and
 as effective as the predicate device.

 The detailed description of the modifications, testing methods, validation activities, performance
 requirements, and communication to users are summarized in the tables below for Auto EF.


Siemens Healthineers                                                           Page 9 of 10

syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) Traditional 510(k) Submission

                   Summary Predetermined Modifications for Auto EF

  Planned Modifications     Test Methods and Validation    Communication to users, as needed
                                Activities
  Modification Group #1:    Performance testing will be       Labeling will be updated in accordance
  Re-training Auto EF ML-   repeated using the same test       with the authorized PCCP to provide
 DSF with additional data   methods and acceptance criteria    users with current information regarding
                              as that used in syngo Dynamics    the device’s re-training process and
                      VA41D.                        performance capabilities
  Modification Group #2:    Performance testing will be       Labeling will be updated in accordance
  Optimizations of the Auto   repeated using the same test       with the authorized PCCP to provide
 EF ML-DSF core         methods and acceptance criteria    users with current information regarding
  algorithms                  as that used in syngo Dynamics    the device’s re-training process and
                      VA41D.                        performance capabilities
  Modification Group #3:    Performance testing will be       Labeling will be updated in accordance
  Auto EF ML-DSF with     repeated using the same test       with the authorized PCCP to provide
  contrast support          methods and acceptance criteria    users with current information regarding
                              as that used in syngo Dynamics    the device’s capabilities with expanded
                      VA41D. Performance testing      input images including contrast.
                                will be expanded to include
                                contrast cases.


 IX. CONCLUSIONS                                      21CFR § 807.92(b)(3)
 Performance tests were conducted to test the functionality of the device syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D).
 These tests have been performed to assess the functionality of the subject device. Results of all testing
 conducted were found acceptable in support to determine similarities to the predicate /previously cleared
 device.

 Device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to provide for safe and
 effective use of this device. Risk management was implemented throughout the development process to
 control potential hazards.

 The device does not come in contact with the patient and is only used by trained professionals. The output of
 the device is evaluated by clinicians, providing for sufficient review to identify and intervene in the event of
 a malfunction.

 Siemens Healthineers believes that syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) is safe and effective as the identified
 predicate device and does not introduce new safety and effectiveness concerns.


 Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
 The comparison of intended use, technological characteristics, performance specifications, device
 hazards as well as verification and validation results demonstrate that syngo Dynamics is safe, effective
 and performs as well as the predicate device.

 In summary, Siemens Healthineers is of the opinion that syngo Dynamics (Version VA41D) does not
 introduce any new significant potential safety risks and is similar to the predicate device.


Siemens Healthineers                                                          Page 10 of 10