October 4, 2024
Lunit Inc.
Suhyoung Bahk
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu
Seoul, 06241
REPUBLIC OF KOREA

Re: K242652
    Trade/Device Name: Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection And Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: September 4, 2024
    Received: September 4, 2024

Dear Suhyoung Bahk:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242652 - Suhyoung Bahk                                                             Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K242652 - Suhyoung Bahk                                                             Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Yanna S. Kang -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242652
Device Name
Lunit INSIGHT DBT (1.1)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software intended to
be used concurrently by interpreting physicians to aid in the detection and characterization of
suspected lesions for breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from compatible
DBT systems. Through the analysis, the regions of soft tissue lesions and calcifications are marked
with an abnormality score indicating the likelihood of the presence of malignancy for each lesion.
Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening mammograms of the female population.
Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a replacement for a complete interpreting physician’s review
or their clinical judgment that takes into account other relevant information from the image or patient
history.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Lunit Inc.
                                                               4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                   Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                                www.lunit.io                                        Page 1/5


                                            510(k) Summary

                                    Lunit INSIGHT DBT (K242652)

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information  is prepared in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR §807.92.

1.  Submitter


                                        Lunit Inc.
                                     4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
 Applicant Information                Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                               Tel: + 82-2-2138-0827
                                     FAX: +82-2-6919-2702


                                 Suhyoung Bahk
 Primary Correspondent                   Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                       Email: sbahk@lunit.io


                                  Hyungtak Harry Han
                                                   Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                       Email: hhan@lunit.io
 Secondary Correspondent(s)
                                Sumin Chung
                                                   Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                       Email: sumin.chung@lunit.io

 Date Prepared                  Aug 30, 2024


2.  Device Names and Classifications

Subject Device


 Name of Device                      Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1

                                        Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious
  Classification Name
                                      Lesions For Cancer

 Regulation                      21 CFR 892.2090

 Regulatory Class                      Class II

 Product Code               QDQ

Lunit Inc.
                                                               4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                   Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                                www.lunit.io                                        Page 2/5


Predicate Device


 Name of Device                      Lunit INSIGHT DBT (v1.0)

 510(k) number                   K231470

 Manufacturer                        Lunit Inc.

                                        Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious
  Classification Name
                                      Lesions For Cancer

 Regulation                      21 CFR 892.2090

 Regulatory Class                      Class II

 Product Code               QDQ


3.  Device Description

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted detection/diagnosis (CADe/x) software as a medical device that
provides information about the presence, location and characteristics of lesions suspicious for breast cancer to
assist interpreting physicians in making diagnostic decisions when reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT)
images. The software automatically analyzes  digital breast tomosynthesis  slices via  artificial intelligence
technology that has been trained via deep learning.

For each DBT case, Lunit INSIGHT DBT generates an artificial intelligence analysis results that include the lesion
type, location, lesion-level/case-level score, and outline of the regions suspected of breast cancer. This
peripheral information intends to augment the physician’s workflow to better aid in detection and diagnosis of
breast cancer.


4.   Indication for Use

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software intended to be used
concurrently by interpreting physicians to aid in the detection and characterization of suspected lesions for
breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems. Through the analysis,
the regions of soft tissue lesions and calcifications are marked with an abnormality score indicating the
likelihood of the presence of malignancy for each lesion. Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening mammograms of
the female population.

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a replacement for a complete interpreting physician’s review or their
clinical judgment that takes into account other relevant information from the image or patient history.

Lunit Inc.
                                                               4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                   Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                                www.lunit.io                                        Page 3/5


5.  Summary of Substantial Equivalence


                                   Modified Device                          Unmodified Device
        Item
                                    Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1                        Lunit INSIGHT DBT (v1.0)

                          Radiological Computer Assisted                  Radiological Computer Assisted
  Classification Name    Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious     Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious
                         Lesions For Cancer                             Lesions For Cancer

 Regulation           21 CFR 892.2090                          21 CFR 892.2090


 Regulatory Class        Class II                                           Class II


 Product Code       QDQ                            QDQ

                          Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted        Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted
                        detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software      detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software
                       intended to be used concurrently by            intended to be used concurrently by
                          interpreting physicians to aid in the detection    interpreting physicians to aid in the detection
                     and characterization of suspected lesions for    and characterization of suspected lesions for
                         breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis     breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis
                        (DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems.      (DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems.
                      Through the analysis, the regions of soft        Through the analysis, the regions of soft
                           tissue lesions and calcifications are marked       tissue lesions and calcifications are marked
 Indication for Use      with an abnormality score indicating the        with an abnormality score indicating the
                           likelihood of the presence of malignancy for      likelihood of the presence of malignancy for
                      each lesion. Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening   each lesion. Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening
                  mammograms of the female population.      mammograms of the female population.

                          Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a           Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a
                       replacement for a complete interpreting        replacement for a complete interpreting
                           physician’s review or their clinical judgment      physician’s review or their clinical judgment
                         that takes into account other relevant           that takes into account other relevant
                        information from the image or patient history.   information from the image or patient history.
 Target patient
                Women undergoing mammography         Women undergoing mammography
 population

                         Physicians interpreting screening                Physicians interpreting screening
 Intended user
                  mammograms                        mammograms

 Input Image Source   DBT                                  DBT

                          Lunit INSIGHT DBT is powered by artificial        Lunit INSIGHT DBT is powered by artificial
 Fundamental
                         intelligence/machine learning-based software   intelligence/machine learning-based software
 Technological Basis
                        algorithm                                     algorithm

Lunit Inc.
                                                               4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                   Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                                www.lunit.io                                        Page 4/5


6.  Comparison with Predicate Device

As summarized  in the  substantial equivalence  table above, the  indications for use and technological
characteristics remain unchanged from the predicate unmodified device, Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.0 (K231470).
Both devices are radiological computer assisted detection and diagnostic software and use artificial intelligence
technologies and deep learning techniques to fulfill its intended purpose to detect and characterize lesions
suspected of breast cancer. Both devices analyze DBT scans and outputs of both devices augments the
interpreting physicians in the diagnosis of asymptomatic patients.

The difference between Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1 and the predicate device is in the updated AI engine through
algorithmic enhancements and expanded training data leading to improved diagnostic performance. These
changes do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.


7.  Performance Data

7.1.   Non-clinical Testing Summary
Software Verification and Validation
Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1 was verified and validated as per Lunit Inc.’s design control processes. Software was
verified through software unit test and software system/integration test. Based on results of verification, Lunit
INSIGHT DBT demonstrated that it fulfilled the software requirements.


Standalone Performance Testing
A standalone performance study of the Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1 assessed the detection performance of the
artificial intelligence algorithm for breast cancer within DBT exams. The protocol used for this standalone
evaluation was the same protocol used for the standalone evaluation of the predicate device (K231470).
The primary endpoint was to demonstrate AUROC in standalone performance greater than 0.903, which is the
same acceptance criteria as the predicate device. The subject device’s AUROC in the standalone performance
analysis was 0.931 (95% CI: 0.920  - 0.941) with statistical significance (p < 0.0001), which exceeded the
acceptance criteria of the primary endpoint. Based on the comparable performance, it is concluded that Lunit
INSIGHT DBT v1.1 is substantially equivalent to the predicate unmodified device.


8.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, General Safety and Effectiveness

Risk management of the subject device is conducted via hazard analysis which identifies and mitigates existing
and potential hazards. Hazards were controlled throughout the software lifecycle with control measures with
regards to software development, verification, and validation. Furthermore, labeling information consists of
instructions for use with necessary cautionary statements for safe and effective use of the software. Lunit finds
the use of the software has a positive balance in terms of probable benefits versus foreseeable and identified
risks.

Lunit Inc.
                                                               4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                   Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                                www.lunit.io                                        Page 5/5


9.   Conclusion

Lunit INSIGHT DBT v1.1 is substantially equivalent to predicate unmodified device, Lunit INSIGHT DBT (v1.0),
because they are identical with regards to intended use and share similar technological or performance
characteristics. The minor differences in technological characteristics do not alter the intended use of the
device and do not raise new questions or safety and effectiveness. In addition, non-clinical verification and
standalone performance testing results demonstrate that the Lunit INSIGHT DBT is as safe and effective as the
predicate unmodified device in detecting suspicious lesions in DBT exams from compatible DBT systems. Thus,
the substantial equivalence has been demonstrated.