Aikenist Technologies Pvt Ltd
℅ David Dills
Regulatory Consultant
David Dills
5450 Ariva Way
#302
Lakeland, Florida 33812

                                                                    February 21, 2025
Re: K242838
    Trade/Device Name: QuickRad
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: September 19, 2024
    Received: January 23, 2025

Dear David Dills:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242838 - David Dills                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K242838 - David Dills                                                                Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                  PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use                         See

Submission Number (if known)
I K242838
Device Name
 QuickRad
IIndications            for Use (Describe)
 QuickRad is a web-based PACS intended for use in radiology centers, diagnostic labs, and hospitals.  It is
 designed to receive, store, transmit, process, and display medical images and associated data from various
 DICOM-compliant sources, including CT scanners, MRI systems, ultrasound machines, and X-ray devices.
 The system enhances communication and  accessibility by allowing  distributed access to images and
 data across computer networks. QuickRad also offers optional integration with FDA-cleared third-party Al
 models, enabling the visualization of Al­generated outputs. The system displays these outputs "as-is," with
 the safety and effectiveness of the Al models being covered under the original third-party manufacturer's
 regulatory clearance.Mammographic images may  only be  interpreted using a monitor  that meets the
 technical specifications identified by the FDA. The system is designed for utilization by proficient and certified
 medical practitioners, including physicians, radiologists, and medical technicians.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                 Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)            IZ!                  D

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *00 NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K242838


                              510(k) Summary
                               [AS REQUIRED BY 21CFR807.92]

I. APPLICANT INFORMATION

   Submitter’s Name                           Aikenist Technologies Pvt. Ltd.

                                               007, Pushpanjali, 1st Cross, 1st Main Road, Chamarajpet,   Submitter’s Address                                             Bangalore 560018, India

  Name of Contact Person                 Ashwin Amarapuram Chandramouly

   Designation                                  Director and CEO

   Contact Number                       +91 9845320314

   Contact E-mail                           ashwin@aikenist.com

   Date of Summary Prepared               22 Jan 2025

II. DEVICE DETAILS
   Device Trade Name                     QuickRad

   Regulation Name/ Device Common Name   Medical image management and processing system

   Regulation Number                      21 CFR 892.2050

   Device Class                                Class 2

   Product Code                      LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE DETAILS

   Device Trade Name                     Augmento

   Device Manufacturer Name            DEEPTEK MEDICAL IMAGING PRIVATE LIMITED

   510(k) Number                        K222781

   Regulation Number                      21 CFR 892.2050

   Device Class                                Class 2

   Product Code                      LLZ

                 15/A, 2nd Floor, 10th Main, 22nd cross, 3rd Block, Jayanagar, Bangalore 560011, www.aikenist.com

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
QuickRad is a web-based PACS designed to optimize radiology workflows and enhance clinical efficiency. It allows
seamless receipt, management, and processing of DICOM images from various modalities, including CT, MRI,
ultrasound, X-ray, and more.

 Key Features and Functions:
    •  Comprehensive Radiology Management: QuickRad provides end-to-end  functionality  for  the  storage,
        transmission, processing, and visualization of medical images, ensuring seamless collaboration across healthcare
        networks.
    •  Zero Footprint Viewer (ZFP): QuickRad’s ZFP viewer offers cross-platform accessibility without the need for
        additional native software installation. It is compatible with macOS, Windows, Ubuntu and Chrome, Edge,
        Firefox browsers.
    •  Enhanced Viewer Options: QuickRad ensures that all scans are displayed with true-to-source fidelity, offering
        optional FDA-cleared viewer integrations that enhance diagnostic accuracy.
    •  Advanced 3D Viewer: QuickRad’s 3D viewer empowers radiologists with cutting-edge image analysis tools,
        including:
        o  Smooth stack scrolling, zooming, panning, and reset options.
        o  Measurement tools for length, angles, and annotations.
        o  Advanced visualization techniques such as Multiplanar Reconstruction (MPR) and Maximum Intensity
                Projection (MIP).
        o  PET scan mode with customizable contrast settings, annotation capabilities, and snapshot tools for
              enhanced diagnostic insights.
    •  Smart Reporting Editor: QuickRad includes a modality-specific report editor that simplifies report creation.
        Pre-built templates for various imaging studies ensure consistent and efficient report generation with voiceenabled editing features.
    •  AI Integration: QuickRad offers optional integration with FDA-cleared third-party AI models, allowing
        radiologists to review AI-generated results directly within the platform. The AI output is displayed alongside
        original images for confirmation by qualified medical professionals.
    •  DICOM Compliance: Fully compliant with DICOM standards, QuickRad guarantees secure and interoperable
       image and data exchange across systems, ensuring compatibility with a wide range of imaging devices.
    •  Secure Data Transmission: It adheres to strict security protocols, utilizing HTTPS, AES 256 encryption, and
        multi-factor authentication (MFA) for secure access.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
QuickRad is an advanced PACS solution, available for on-premise or cloud hosting. It receives medical images and data
from various DICOM-compliant origins, such as CT, MR scanners, ultrasound systems, and X-ray machines. These
images and  data undergo  storage,  transmission,  processing, and  display  within  the  system,  fostering smooth
communication and accessibility across distributed locations on computer networks. It provides optional integration with
FDA-cleared 3rd party AI models. The solution only supports the visualization of outputs of 3rd party AI models “as-is”.
The safety and effectiveness of the 3rd party model are covered under the original 3rd party manufacturer’s regulatory
clearance. Mammographic images may only be interpreted using a monitor that meets the technical specifications
identified by the FDA. The system is designed for utilization by proficient and certified medical practitioners, including
physicians, radiologists, and medical technicians.


                                                                      Page 2 of 7

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH
                THE PREDICATE DEVICE

      Table 1. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison of DeepTek and QuickRad.


 Sl.
No    Features          Predicate Device-Augmento       Proposed Device- QuickRad     Remarks

                                   General information
1.      510(k) Number     K222781                        K242838                                  -
                        DeepTek Medical Imaging           Aikenist Technologies
2.       Manufacturer         Private Limited                      Private  Limited                       -
                          Medical image                    Medical       image
                        management and                 management     and      Common Name                                                          Same3.                             processing system                   processing system

                           System,      Image               System,      Image         Classification                              Processing, Radiological                                                                  Processing, Radiological         Same4.     Name

5.       Classification        Class II                            Class II                     Same
        Regulation number6.                       21 CFR 892.2050                21 CFR 892.2050              Same
7.      Product Code     LLZ                      LLZ                       Same
                      Augmento is a web-based PACS   QuickRad is an advanced PACS
                         and      radiology     workflow    solution, available for on-premise
                       management solution.                or  cloud  hosting.   It  receives
                                       It accepts digital images and data   medical images and  data from
                        from  various DICOM-compliant    various      DICOM-compliant
                            sources  (i.e. CT  scanners, MR    origins, such as CT, MR scanners,
                             scanners, ultrasound systems, RF    ultrasound  systems,  and  X-ray
                             Units, PET  Units, computed &   machines. These images and data
                                digital    radiographic    devices,   undergo   storage,  transmission,
                          secondary    capture    devices,    processing, and display within the
                         imaging  gateways,  and   other   system,     fostering    smooth
                         imaging sources). Images and data   communication and accessibility
                          can  be  stored,  communicated,    across  distributed  locations  on
                            processed, and displayed within   computer  networks.  It  provides
                             the system and/or across computer    optional  integration with FDAIndications For    networks at distributed locations.     cleared 3rd party AI models. The8.                                                                           Same        Use             Only preprocessed DICOM  "for    solution   only   supports   the
                             presentation"  images   can  be    visualization  of  outputs  of 3rd
                              interpreted  for  primary  image    party  AI  models  “as-is”.  The
                            diagnosis in mammography. Lossy    safety and effectiveness of the 3rd
                         compressed images and digitized    party model are covered under the
                            film  screens  of mammographic    original 3rd party manufacturer’s
                         images must not be reviewed for    regulatory clearance.
                          primary image interpretations.
                                                   Mammographic images may only
                      Mammographic images may only   be interpreted using a monitor that
                         be interpreted using a monitor that   meets the technical specifications
                         meets the technical specifications    identified by the FDA.
                               identified by the FDA. This system
                                   is meant to be used by trained and   The  system   is  designed   for
                              qualified  medical  professionals,    utilization  by   proficient  and
                                                                      Page 3 of 7

physicians,  radiologists,  nurses,    certified  medical   practitioners,
                        and medical technicians.             including physicians, radiologists,
                                                        and medical technicians.
         Prescription or      Prescription                          Prescription                   Same9.     OTC
                                              Specifications

10.     Modalities         Various Image sources             Various image sources           Same

                        Google Chrome, Mozilla, and      Web browser                                     Google Chrome, Mozilla, Edge,                       Edge                                                   Same11.     software
                              32-bit   Color   Display  &      32-bit   Color   Display  &
12.     Resolution        1920x1080                     1920x1080                   Same

13.     Image Storage     Yes                          Yes                         Same

        Software14.                     OS: Windows 10                OS: Windows 11               Same        environment
                                         Functions

                               • Log In                               • Log In
                               •  Worklist – Search Filter              •  Worklist – Search Filter
                               •  Worklist – Open image               •  Worklist – Open image
                               • Work list- study List                  • Work list- study List
                               •  Worklist – Report                    •  Worklist – Report
                               •  Worklist – Series                     •  Worklist – Series
                               •  Viewer – View exam                                                                        •  Viewer – View exam
                               •  Viewer – Control View                                                                        •  Viewer – Thumbnail view of the
                          window                                    series
                               •  Viewer – view mode (real            •  Viewer–Changing the layout
                                    resolution)                           •  Viewer–Comparative study
                               •  Viewer – View mode                 •  Viewer – Preset filter
                                  (Highlight)                           •  Viewer - Zoom
       Main                •  Viewer – Stacking                    •  Viewer – Panning                   Similar115.        Functions                               •  Viewer – Changing the layout        •  Viewer - Invert Image
                               •  Viewer – Comparative study          •  Viewer – Viewing mode
                                                                      (Normal/Stack/ Custom/ Annotation/                               •  Viewer – Preset filter                                                                     synchronized screening)
                               •  Viewer - Zoom                                                                        •  Viewer – Comparative study
                               •  Viewer – Panning
                                                                        •  Viewer – Rotation
                               •  Viewer - Invert Image
                                                                        •  Viewer- MIP/MPR Reconstruction
                               •  Viewer – Viewing mode
                                                                        •  Viewer – Reference line
                               (Normal/ Image/ Stack/
                                                                        •  Viewer–Measurement- rectangular,
                             Custom/ Annotation)                             ellipse, angle/cobb angle
                               •  Viewer – Comparative study          •  Viewer – Cine/movie mode
                               •  Viewer – Rotation                    •  Viewer- Overlaying/ Hide or display
                               • MIP/MPR Reconstruction               overlay
                               •  Viewer – Reference line              •  Viewer- Magnify
                               •  Viewer – Sharpening                 •  Viewer- Probe/HU

                                                                     Page 4 of 7

•  Viewer – Measure                    •  Viewer- crop
                                 •  Viewer – Inverting imagecolor
                                 •  Viewer – Cine
                                 •  Viewer- Overlaying.
                                                                             Same 16.    3D Cursor        Yes                          Yes
         Optional
          Integration of
 17.     FDA-cleared      Yes                          Yes                         Same
         3rd party AI
        models
                                                                             Same
 18.     Operation feature  Web environment-based         Web environment-based
                       PACS.                       PACS.

                         Viewing and handling DICOM     Viewing and handling DICOM
                            medical images. Review and        medical images. Review, modify,
                               report study located on a           and approve the study located in a
                                server.                                server.

  1Deep Tek’s Augmento viewer offers a sharpening feature for enhanced image clarity, a specific function that QuickRad's
                                             viewer does not include.

QuickRad and DeepTek share extensive similarities in their core functionalities and capabilities. Both systems are
designed to manage radiology workflows effectively, supporting various modalities, resolution, image storage, and
adhering to DICOM standards. They provide essential features such as study viewers, study worklists, and software
environments, making them comparable in many aspects.

Integration with AI models in QuickRad is optional, allowing users the flexibility to incorporate AI capabilities as
needed. QuickRad supports the integration of the following FDA-cleared AI models from Qure AI, offering seamless
functionality while displaying outputs "as-is":
    •  qXR: Chest X-ray interpretation (FDA 510(k) clearance: K231149)
    •  qCT LN Quant: Advanced lung nodule quantification for chest CT scans (FDA 510(k) clearance: K231149)
    •  qER: AI for triaging intracranial hemorrhage and other conditions in CT scans (FDA 510(k) clearance:
      K212624)
These integrations ensure compliance with regulatory standards while enhancing diagnostic capabilities.

A key difference is that DeepTek’s Augmento viewer includes a sharpening feature to enhance image clarity, which is
not available in QuickRad's viewer. Despite this distinction, QuickRad maintains substantial equivalence to DeepTek in
terms of overall performance and functionality. QuickRad offers comparable capabilities with added flexibility and
adaptability, catering to diverse user needs.

The absence of the sharpening feature in QuickRad does not affect its overall effectiveness and safety. QuickRad
delivers robust performance with its flexible and adaptable platform, aligning well with DeepTek’s offerings.

VII. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA

 The non-clinical performance activities include:

  •  Risk Management & Cybersecurity
        o  Device Hazard Analysis as per ISO 14971:2019
        o   Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing (VAPT) based on OWASP Top 10.
  •   Usability Testing
        o  Formative and Summative Usability Testing per IEC 62366-1:2015
  •   Software Verification & Validation
        o  Unit Testing based on Software Requirements Specifications (SRS)
                                                                      Page 5 of 7

o   Integration Testing for interaction between software components
       o  System Testing covering end-to-end functionality
       o   Validation based on User Requirements Specifications (URS)
 •  Measurement Study
       o   Establishing equivalence with FDA-cleared viewer
 •   3rd Party AI Model Integration Interface Testing

Non-clinical testing consisted of:

 • QuickRad underwent a thorough hazard analysis, addressing both intentional and unintentional risks in compliance
   with ISO 14971:2019. Strategies to mitigate these risks were implemented to ensure safety throughout the device
    lifecycle, and the hazard analysis and mitigation strategies were validated, confirming QuickRad’s compliance with
   ISO 14971:2019.

 •  Periodic VAPT by third-party consultants were conducted to verify the adequacy of QuickRad's security controls,
    effectively mitigating potential cybersecurity risks.

 •  Usability testing, conducted in compliance with IEC 62366-1:2015, included both formative and summative
    evaluations.

 •  Unit testing verified core functional components were independently tested, ensuring QuickRad's units work as
    intended, with code correctness and completeness validated. Integration testing confirmed seamless interaction
   between software components and external systems, while system testing validated end-to-end functionality across
    all features. User Acceptance Testing verified QuickRad meets its intended use, ensuring adherence to the user
   requirement specifications documents through end-user validation. The test cases were addressed and successfully
   passed the acceptance criteria.

 •  Integration testing for QuickRad validated seamless end-to-end functionality across  its software components,
    including APIs, OTS/SOUP components detailed in the SBOM, independent libraries, and DICOM interfaces.
   System testing encompassed core functionalities such as user management, DICOM viewer operations, search
    capabilities, radiologist assignment workflows, report management, audit log tracking, error handling, and hospital
   management, ensuring robust performance and compliance with the system's defined specifications.

 • An angle measurement study was conducted using 12 X-ray images (AP Pelvic, AP Knee, Lateral Ankle), evaluated
   independently by two experienced radiologists. Angles spanning the 0° to 180° range were measured using
   QuickRad’s Viewer and benchmarked against the FDA-cleared FlexView Diagnostic DICOM Viewer (K233226).
    Statistical analyses, including equivalence testing and T-tests, demonstrated that QuickRad’s angle measurement
    tool is substantially equivalent to FlexView Diagnostic and produced clinically reliable angle assessments.

 • A study was conducted to validate measurement tools in QuickRad’s Viewer. Length, rectangle, ellipse ROI, and
   probe measurements were evaluated on CT abdomen images, while reference line accuracy was assessed using MR
   spine and brain images. This comprehensive evaluation, encompassing diverse imaging modalities, confirmed that
   QuickRad delivers performance equivalent to the FDA-cleared FlexView Diagnostic DICOM Viewer (K233226),
   ensuring consistent, reliable, and clinically accurate measurements across the spectrum of diagnostic imaging.

 • The integration interface between QuickRad and 3rd party AI models were tested to confirm that the integrity of the
   source DICOM file and output from AI models is unaltered and hence, does not get impacted when the source file is
   sent to the AI model for findings and the AI model sends the output to QuickRad through the interface.

The standards applicable as per Recognized Consensus Standards are as follows:

   • ISO 13485: 2016 Edition 3- Quality Management Systems for Medical Devices
   • IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Consolidated Version Medical device software - Software life cycle processes.
   • IEC 62366-1:2015: Medical Devices 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices.
   • ISO 14971 Third Edition 2019-12 Medical Devices - Application of risk management to medical devices.
   • NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 2023e Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set.
                                                                     Page 6 of 7

• IEC ISO 10918-1 First edition 1994-02-15 Information technology - Digital compression and coding of
    continuous-tone still images: Requirements and guidelines [Including Technical Corrigendum 1 (2005)].

VIII. CONCLUSION

The subject device, QuickRad, and the predicate device, DeepTek (K222781), have similar indications for use,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation. After a careful evaluation of the technological features and
non-clinical performance testing, it is evident that QuickRad is as safe and effective as DeepTek. Furthermore, QuickRad
does not introduce any new concerns related to safety or effectiveness. Hence, QuickRad is considered substantially
equivalent to DeepTek.


                                                                     Page 7 of 7