February 25, 2025

Fitbit
Dinesh Puppala
Regulatory Affairs Lead
215 Fremont Street
San Francisco, California 94105


Re: K242967
    Trade/Device Name: Loss of Pulse Detection
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2790
    Regulation Name: Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SDY
    Dated: September 25, 2024
    Received: September 26, 2024

Dear Dinesh Puppala:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242967 - Dinesh Puppala                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242967 - Dinesh Puppala                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                            Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                Jennifer Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                   Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K242967
Device Name
 I Loss of Pulse Detection

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Loss of Pulse Detection is a software-only mobile medical application that is intended to be used
 with compatible consumer wrist-worn products to analyze pulse data to identify loss of pulse events
 and provide audio, visual, and haptic alerts to the user.

  If the user remains unresponsive to these alerts, Loss of Pulse Detection will attempt to prompt a call
 to emergency services through the user's connected compatible hardware, such as a smartphone or
 smartwatch.

 Loss of Pulse Detection is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use.  It is not intended to provide a
 notification on every loss of pulse event and the absence of an alert is not intended to indicate that
 no such event has occurred; rather the Loss of Pulse Detection is intended to opportunistically
 surface an alert of possible loss of pulsatility when sufficient data are available for analysis.

 These data are only captured when the user is still. Loss of Pulse Detection is not intended to
 replace traditional methods of diagnosis, treatment, or monitoring.

 Loss of Pulse Detection has not been tested for and is not intended for use in people under 22 years
 of age.  It is also not intended for use in individuals previously diagnosed with a high risk for sudden
 cardiac death such as those with coronary artery disease, cardiomyopathy and/or unexplained
 syncope/fainting.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           FPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       XOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(K) Summary

1.     Submitter Information:
         Fitbit LLC
       215 Fremont Street,
       San Francisco, CA 94105
       Contact Person:
       Dinesh Puppala
       Regulatory Affairs Lead
       Phone: (650)-267-1263
       Email: puppalad@google.com
       Date Prepared: Feb 19, 2025

2.     Subject Device Information
     Name of Device: Loss of Pulse Detection
     Common or Usual Name: Loss of Pulse Detection
        Classification Name: Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use
       Regulatory Class: Class II
       Product Code: SDY - 21 CFR 870.2790

3.      Predicate Device
         Fitbit Irregular Rhythm Notifications
       (K212372)

4.      Indications for Use

    Loss of Pulse Detection is a software-only mobile medical application that is intended to be used with
    compatible consumer wrist-worn products to analyze pulse data to identify loss of pulse events and
    provide audio, visual, and haptic alerts to the user.

     If the user remains unresponsive to these alerts, Loss of Pulse Detection will attempt to prompt a call to
    emergency services through the user's connected compatible hardware, such as a smartphone or
    smartwatch.

    Loss of Pulse Detection is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use. It is not intended to provide a
    notification on every loss of pulse event and the absence of an alert is not intended to indicate that no
    such event has occurred; rather the Loss of Pulse Detection is intended to opportunistically surface an
     alert of possible loss of pulsatility when sufficient data are available for analysis.

    These data are only captured when the user is still. Loss of Pulse Detection is not intended to replace
     traditional methods of diagnosis, treatment, or monitoring.

    Loss of Pulse Detection has not been tested for and is not intended for use in people under 22 years of
    age. It is also not intended for use in individuals previously diagnosed with a high risk for sudden cardiac
    death such as those with coronary artery disease, cardiomyopathy and/or unexplained syncope/fainting.


                                                 Confidential
                                                                                       1

5.     Device Description

     Intended Use

     Photoplethysmograph analysis software for over-the-counter use. A photoplethysmograph analysis
     software device for over-the-counter use analyzes photoplethysmograph data and provides information
      for identifying loss of pulse. This device is not intended to provide a diagnosis.

     Technological Characteristics

    The Loss of Pulse detection SaMD is intended to be used for the detection of loss of pulse using
     photoplethysmography (PPG) and accelerometer sensors present in a wrist worn consumer wearable
     device. Upon detection of loss of pulse, when the smartwatch is worn, the feature will prompt haptic and
     audio alerts and notifications to the user and prompt the user’s compatible hardware to call emergency
     services if the user is unresponsive to the notifications and alerts. This is an opt-in feature and will be off
    by default.

    The Loss of Pulse detection SaMD comprises a software component that resides on the compatible
    consumer wearable device (from here on referenced as a “smartwatch”) and a user facing mobile
     application that resides on general purpose compatible consumer mobile devices such as a smartphone
     (from here on referenced as “Smartphone”). The software component on the smartwatch analyzes pulse
     data collected by photoplethysmography (PPG) and accelerometry sensors from qualified smartwatch,
     using an algorithm employing digital signal processing (DSP) and features-based machine learning based
    on a convolutional neural network (CNN) to detect possible loss of pulse events.

    Summary of Substantial Equivalence


                   Subject Device                  Predicate Device               Equivalence
                  Loss of Pulse Detection           Fitbit Irregular Rhythm         Discussion
                K242967                         Notification
                                          K212372

Intended Use      Photoplethysmograph            Photoplethysmograph analysis    Same
                     analysis software for              software for over-the-counter
                     over-the-counter use. A            use. A photoplethysmograph
                   photoplethysmograph analysis     analysis software device for
                    software device for                over-the-counter use analyzes
                     over-the-counter use analyzes     photoplethysmograph data
                   photoplethysmograph data        and provides information for
                  and provides information for       identifying irregular heart
                      identifying loss of pulse. This     rhythms. This device is not
                    device is not intended to           intended to provide a
                    provide a diagnosis.                diagnosis.


                                                  Confidential
                                                                                        2

Indications for     Loss of Pulse Detection is a       The Fitbit Irregular Rhythm       Similar
Use                software-only mobile medical      Notifications is a software-only
                     application that is intended to be   mobile medical application that    Both devices are software-only
                   used with compatible consumer     is intended to be used with        mobile medical applications
                    wrist-worn products to analyze    compatible consumer wrist-worn   intended for use with
                    pulse data to identify loss of       products to analyze pulse rate      compatible consumer
                    pulse events and provide a         data to identify episodes of        wrist-worn products. They both
                      notification to the user.             irregular heart rhythms               utilize PPG analysis software to
                                                                                                    identify potential irregular heart                                                      suggestive of atrial fibrillation
                                                                                         rhythms, analyze pulse data,                                                  (AFib) and provide a notification
                                                                                 and provide notifications to the                          If the user remains unresponsive   to the user.
                                                                                              user if an irregular heart rhythm
                      to these alerts, Loss of Pulse
                                                                                                                     is detected. Neither device is
                    Detection will attempt to prompt  The Fitbit Irregular Rhythm                                                                                           intended to provide a diagnosis
                    a call to emergency services       Notifications is intended for                                                                                              or monitor the outcome of their
                   through the user's connected       over-the-counter (OTC) use. It is                                                                                                                 alerts. Additionally, both
                   compatible hardware, such as a    not intended to provide a                                                                                           devices are intended for users
                   smartphone or smartwatch.         notification on every episode of    over 22 years old and are not
                                                            irregular rhythm suggestive of     intended for individuals with
                  Loss of Pulse Detection is        AFib and the absence of a          pre-existing cardiac conditions.
                    intended for over-the-counter       notification is not intended to
                (OTC) use. It is not intended to     indicate no disease process is
                    provide a notification on every     present; rather the Fitbit Irregular
                      loss of pulse event and the       Rhythm Notifications is intended
                   absence of a notification is not     to opportunistically surface a
                    intended to indicate no disease     notification of possible AFib
                    process is present; rather the     when sufficient data are available
                  Loss of Pulse Detection is          for analysis.
                    intended to opportunistically
                     surface a notification of possible   These data are only captured
                     pulselessness when sufficient     when the user is still. Along with
                     data are available for analysis.     the user’s risk factors, the Fitbit
                                                           Irregular Rhythm Notifications
                  These data are only captured      can be used to supplement the
                when the user is still. Loss of      decision for AFib screening. The
                    Pulse Detection is not intended     Fitbit Irregular Rhythm
                      to replace traditional methods of   Notifications is not intended to
                    diagnosis or treatment.             replace traditional methods of
                                                       diagnosis or treatment.

                                            The Fitbit Irregular Rhythm
                                                         Notifications has not been tested
                                                           for and is not intended for use in
                                                    people under 22 years of age. It
                                                                     is also not intended for use in
                  Loss of Pulse Detection has not    individuals previously diagnosed
                  been tested for and is not          with AFib.
                    intended for use in people under
                 22 years of age. It is also not
                    intended for use in individuals


                                                  Confidential
                                                                                        3

previously diagnosed with a high
                       risk for sudden cardiac death
                   such as those with coronary
                      artery disease, cardiomyopathy
                    and/or unexplained
                     syncope/fainting.


Use Environment  Home/General Use              Home/General Use            Same

                                                                             Both are intended for home
                                                                                              use.

Anatomical Site    Wrist-worn consumer wearable    Wrist-worn consumer wearable   Same
                   with PPG sensors.                with PPG sensors.
                                                                             Both use consumer grade
                                                                                     wrist-worn devices to gather
                                                                                              signals from PPG sensors.

User interface     Mobile application run within     Mobile application run within    Same
                     the Pixel watch consumer app.     the Fitbit consumer app
                                                                             Both devices include a mobile
                                                                                            application component that is
                                                                                    run within a consumer
                                                                                            application on the user’s
                                                                                 mobile device (smartphone).
                                                                                    This mobile application serves
                                                                                            the purpose of the User
                                                                                              Interface for both devices.

Use Method        Collects and analyzes pulse data   Collects and analyzes              Similar
                    during periods that meet input     tachograms (based on pulse data)
                      signal quality requirements        during periods of stillness or      Both devices analyze sensor
                     (including stillness in the recent    sleep using input from PPG        data from the PPG sensor and
                      past) using input from PPG        sensors.                         only analyze data that meet
                      sensors.                                                              input signal quality
                                                                                         requirements. Stillness is part
                                                                                          of both devices’ input signal
                                                                                              quality requirements. Both
                                                                                       devices limit the analysis
                                                                     window to time periods
                                                                                             relevant to the irregular heart
                                                                             rhythm being detected. The
                                                                                    use of the term “tachogram”
                                                                           by the predicate device refers
                                                                                                to subsets of the PPG sensor
                                                                                          data cropped to approximate
                                                                                            individual R-R intervals, and
                                                                                 does not meaningfully alter
                                                                                            the use method, as both the

                                                  Confidential
                                                                                        4

subject and predicate devices
                                                                                    use signal processing
                                                                                       algorithms to analyze PPG
                                                                                        sensor data.

                                                                             Both devices are passive
                                                                               background screening tools
                                                                             and users cannot initiate
                                                                                            readings.

                                                                             Both devices opportunistically
                                                                                          surface a notification to the
                                                                                                    user.

Limiting Factors   Motion, hand, and finger          Motion, hand and finger        Same
                 movements during pulseless      movements, dark tattoos on the
                     period; tattoos on the wrist;         wrist, inadequate blood flow.      Both devices have similar
                    inadequate blood flow.                                                 limiting factors.
                 Does not continuously monitor    Does not continuously monitor
                      for signs of loss of pulse            for signs of AFib.               Both devices are not intended
                                                                                                for continuous monitoring.
            A lack of notification does not   A lack of notification does not
                      indicate an absence of an           indicate an absence of AFib.    A lack of notification does not
                    underlying loss of pulse                                                indicate an absence of an
                                                                                                 irregular rhythm for both
                                                                                            devices.

Compatible       Consumer wrist-worn products    Consumer wrist-worn products    Same
devices            with PPG sensors (e.g.,           with PPG
                   smartwatch) that have been        sensors (e.g., smartwatch or       Both devices are compatible
                      qualified for use with the Loss of   fitness tracker) that have been     with qualified wrist worn
                    Pulse Detection feature             qualified for use                  products with PPG sensors
                                                    with Fitbit Irregular Heart           that have been qualified for
                                           Rhythm Notifications             use with the respective feature.
                                                                        The subject device is
                                                                                    compatible with a subset of
                                                                             consumer wrist-worn products
                                                                           on which the predicate is
                                                                                              qualified (i.e., smartwatches).


Principles of       Pulse rate data is gathered from a  Pulse rate data gathered from a     Similar
Operation         consumer wrist-worn device.      consumer wrist-worn device is
                 The algorithm analyzes the data   uploaded to a server. The         Both devices have the same
                  and classifies it as having signs    algorithm analyzes the data and    basic principle of operation,
                     of an irregular heart rhythm, loss   classifies it as having signs of      with nonmaterial differences
                     of pulse, or no signs thereof.      AFib or no signs of AFib. When   stemming from the particular
              When signs of loss of pulse are    signs of AFib are detected a        irregular pulse rhythm that is
                      detected, a notification is           notification is surfaced to the      intended to be detected. Both
                    surfaced to the user.               user through the mobile           devices analyze pulse data

                                                  Confidential
                                                                                        5

application.                    from consumer wrist-worn
                                                                                          devices. Apparent differences
                                                                                such as algorithmic analysis
                                                                         on the watch in the subject
                                                                                    device and the server on the
                                                                                          predicate have no material
                                                                                 impact on safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness. Both devices
                                                                                            opportunistically surface
                                                                                                notifications to the user if an
                                                                                                irregular pulse rhythm is
                                                                                            detected.


6.     Performance Data

Testing verifying the performance requirements of the subject device was conducted and is included in this
premarket notification, the results of which support substantial equivalence. A summary of the testing is
included below:

   Algorithm Development

   The Loss of Pulse Detection algorithm identifies potential loss of pulse events. The algorithm includes a
   machine learning component that consists of a convolutional neural network, which analyzes data from
    photoplethysmography (PPG) and accelerometer sensors. The algorithm was developed on a dataset
    consisting of over one hundred thousand hours of free-living data across hundreds of participants who
    experienced no loss of pulse events and 99 participants who experienced simulated loss of pulse events
    induced by an arterial occlusion model. The dataset used for model development was split at the
    participant level into training, validation, and held-out test sets The Loss of Pulse Detection algorithm was
    trained on the training split and evaluated on the validation set. When algorithm development was
    complete, the algorithm was locked and the algorithm was evaluated on the held-out test set. The training,
    validation, and test splits used for development included data from diverse participants with varied age,
    sex, BMI, and skin tone.

   Bench Testing/Non-Clinical Testing

   The Loss of Pulse Detection utilizes signals derived from compatible consumer
    grade wrist-worn products. The wrist-worn products were qualified for use with the software to ensure
    that the data provided could meet signal attribute and quality requirements necessary for heart rhythm
    analysis and detect adequate PPG signal quality. Bench testing included product signal acquisition testing,
    aggressor testing for known challenge conditions potentially impacting the quality of PPG signal
    acquisition, and accuracy assessment of the inputs to the Loss of Pulse Detection that were derived from
    the wrist-worn products. Qualification testing was repeated for all qualified wrist-wearable products. The
    algorithm was tested to ensure that it accepted and rejected data correctly and that it can correctly analyze
    the input data.


                                                 Confidential
                                                                                       6

Software Testing Summary

The Loss of Pulse Detection presents a “Basic Documentation” Software Documentation Level based on
the risks of device software function in the context of the device’s intended use as defined in FDA’s
Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions (June 14, 2023)
(Guidance Document). Testing of the mobile application demonstrates that the Loss of Pulse Detection
feature adequately performs all the necessary functionalities including education/onboarding and
generating user notifications when pulselessness is identified.


Human Factors Testing Summary

A Human Factors Validation Study was designed to evaluate the critical and noncritical tasks associated
with the use of the device. The Human Factors Validation Study was performed using a simulated version
of the Loss of Pulse Detection within the Pixel watch mobile app, representative of the final app. 19 users
were recruited from the general population for the study, with the goal of recruiting at least 15 intended
users. During the test session, each participant performed various tasks within representative, naturalistic
use scenarios. These tasks included setup and onboarding, responding to an initial check-in, responding to
an escalation, triggering emergency response services, and passive feature use. The first evaluation
activity (setup and onboarding) included a self-selection component where participants indicated whether
or not they are an intended Loss of Pulse Detection application user, resulting in 16 intended and 3
unintended users. Participants also performed a knowledge task to evaluate critical tasks that could not be
evaluated during the simulated use scenarios.

During each evaluation activity, use errors, instances of moderator assistance, close calls, and difficulties
were documented. Open-ended questions were used to collect participants’ subjective assessments of the
root cause(s) associated with any such event and to collect participants’ feedback on the product’s
use-safety. Data was consolidated and analyzed with a focus on events with the potential for serious harm
(critical tasks). The human factors testing found that the loss of pulse detection feature was safe and
effective for the intended users, uses, and use environments.

Real World Evidence Summary

Real-world evidence (RWE) indicates users are able to respond to haptic, audio, and visual feedback and
de-escalate based solely on reading the device labeling. A sample of data from RWE shows that users
clear >98% of notifications from the pre-phone call gates in real-world free-living conditions. There was,
on average, 1 phone call placed by Loss of Pulse Detection in 75 person-years of real-world use.

Clinical Testing Summary

The Loss of Pulse Detection (LPD) software, intended for use with wrist-worn devices, was clinically
validated in a study. The study aimed to evaluate the software's ability to detect loss of pulse events and
initiate an emergency call.

  A total of 135 participants were enrolled in one clinical study and 21 participants in another clinical
 study. The participants included a racially and ethnically diverse population, including adults of diverse
sex and age. The results from the clinical validation study showed a sensitivity of 69.3% (95% CI: 64.3%,
                                                                                    7                                         74.1%)

                                             Confidential

across 135 users and a sensitivity of 64.5% (95% CI: 55.7% to 74.2%) after adjusting for performance
after a simulated collapse. The specificity was analyzed using evaluable data from 131 participants from
the first study. It showed a day-level specificity of 99.965% (95% CI 99.804, 99.999). A total of 5 adverse
events were reported. No adverse events reported were related to the LPD software. Most adverse events
were identified as possible anticipated risks in the study protocol, namely skin irritation from wearing a
consumer wrist-worn device. Demographic characteristics of the study population are summarized in the
table below.

                               Clinical validation study               Clinical validation study
                                 (pulseless and pulsatile)                       (pulseless)

     N                          135                               21


      Age

       ≤35                     16.3% (22)                        14.3% (3)
      36–59                    38.5% (52)                       61.9% (13)
       60+                     45.2% (61)                        23.8% (5)


       Sex

      Female                    60.7% (82)                       47.6% (10)
      Male                     39.3% (53)                       52.4% (11)


 Monk skin tone

       1–4                     40.7% (55)                        28.6% (6)
       5–6                     35.6% (48)                       66.7% (14)
       7–8                     20.7% (28)                        4.8% (1)
      9–10                      3.0% (4)                         0.0% (0)


     Individual
typology angle scale

        1                       3.0% (4)                         0.0% (0)
        2                       5.9% (8)                         9.5% (2)
        3                       11.1% (15)                        28.6% (6)
        4                       11.1% (15)                        33.3% (7)
        5                      43.0% (58)                        19.0% (4)
        6                      25.9% (35)                        9.5% (2)


 Body mass index

       <18.5                     0.7% (1)                         4.8% (1)


                                             Confidential
                                                                                    8

Clinical validation study               Clinical validation study
                                     (pulseless and pulsatile)                       (pulseless)
        18.5– <25                   18.5% (25)                       47.6% (10)
        25– <30                    27.4% (37)                        38.1% (8)
          ≥30                     53.3% (72)                        9.5% (2)


7.     Conclusion

   The Loss of Pulse Detection and its predicate have the same Intended Use, similar Indications for Use,
    similar technological characteristics and principles of operation. The technological differences between
    the subject Loss of Pulse Detection and its predicate, Fitbit Irregular Rhythm Notifications, are in relation
    to the very specific formulation of the respective algorithms. However, any such differences do not raise
   new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. Moreover, testing and clinical data provided in the
    submission demonstrate that the subject device meets all Special Controls and operates in a manner that is
    as safe and effective as the predicate device. Therefore, Loss of Pulse Detection is considered
    substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                 Confidential
                                                                                       9