June 6, 2025

Empatica S.r.l.
Alberto Poli
Director, Quality & Regulatory Compliance
Via Stendhal, 36
Milan, 20144
Italy

Re: K242737
    Trade/Device Name: Empatica Health Monitoring Platform; EmbracePlus; Empatica Care; Care Portal
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2300
    Regulation Name: Cardiac Monitor (Including Cardiotachometer And Rate Alarm)
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MWI, DQA, BZQ, DRG, FLL, LEL, GZO
    Dated: May 6, 2025
    Received: May 6, 2025

Dear Alberto Poli:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242737 - Alberto Poli                                                                Page  2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K242737 - Alberto Poli                                                                Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                               Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                 Jennifer Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                   Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K242737                                                        I
Device Name
 Empatica Health Monitoring Platform;
 EmbracePlus;
 Empatica Care;
 Care Portal
Indications for Use (Describe)
 The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is a wearable device and paired mobile and cloud-based
 software platform intended to be used by trained healthcare professionals or researchers for
 retrospective remote monitoring of physiologic parameters  in ambulatory individuals 18 years of age
 and older in home-healthcare environments. As the platform does not provide real-time alerts related
 to variation of physiologic parameters, users should use professional judgment in assessing patient
 clinical stability and the appropriateness of using a monitoring platform designed for retrospective
 review.

 The device is intended for continuous data collection supporting intermittent retrospective review of
 the following physiological parameters:
 * Pulse Rate,
 * Blood Oxygen Saturation under no-motion conditions,
 * Respiratory Rate under no motion conditions,
 * Peripheral Skin Temperature,
 * Electrodermal Activity,
 * Activity associated with movement during sleep

 The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform can be used to analyze circadian rhythms and assess
 activity in any instance where quantifiable analysis of physical motion  is desirable.

 The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not intended for Sp02 monitoring in conditions of
 motion or low perfusion.

 The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is intended for peripheral skin temperature monitoring,
 where monitoring temperature at the wrist is clinically indicated.

 The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not intended for Respiratory Rate monitoring  in motion
 conditions. This device does not detect apnea and should not be used for detecting or monitoring
 cessation of breathing.

 The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not intended for Pulse Rate monitoring  in patients with
 chronic cardiac arrhythmias, including atrial fibrillation and atrial/ventricular bigeminy and trigeminy,
 and is not intended to diagnose or analyze cardiac arrhythmias. The Empatica Health Monitoring
 Platform  is not a substitute for an ECG monitor, and should not be used as the sole basis for clinical
 decision-making.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           FPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        E7Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
    *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                               Department of Health and Human Services
                              Food and Drug Administration
                                     Office of Chief Information Officer
                               Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                               PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
     "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                        information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Empatica Srl                                 K242737
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

                                    510(k) Summary

          I.  SUBMITTER

    Company Name                  Empatica Srl
     Establishment       Registration  3012933969
    Number
     Contact Person                    Alberto   Poli,   Director,   Quality  &   Regulatory
                                    Compliance
     Contact Person email            apo@empatica.com
     Address                          Via Stendhal, 36 - 20144, Milan, Italy
     Telephone Number             +39 02 36165068
     Date prepared                  September 10, 2024
         II.   DEVICE
     Trade/Proprietary Name:   Empatica Health Monitoring Platform
    Common/Usual Name:     Remote Patient Monitoring System
    Primary Product Code:
Classification   Classification Name                     Device   Product   Classification
Regulation                                                 Class    Code     Panel
870.2300      Monitor, Physiological, Patient (Without  Class II  MWI      Cardiovascular
               Arrhythmia Detection Or Alarms)
   Secondary Product Codes:
 Classification   Classification Name                    Device   Product   Classification
 Regulation                                                Class    Code     Panel
 870.2700      Oximeter                                 Class II  DQA      Cardiovascular
 868.2375      Monitor, Breathing Frequency             Class II  BZQ      Anesthesiology
 870.2910       Transmitters and Receivers, Physiological  Class II  DRG      Cardiovascular
                   Signal, Radiofrequency
 882.5050       Device, Sleep Assessment                 Class II   LEL       Neurology
 882.1540      Galvanic  skin  response  measurement  Class II  GZO     Neurology
                device
 880.2910      Thermometer, Electronic, Clinical          Class II   FLL       General Hospital
        III.   PREDICATE DEVICES
     Predicate  Name                     Submitter     Product         510(k)
     Device                                                Code(s)       Number
     Primary     Empatica          Health  Empatica    MWI         K230457
                 Monitoring Platform             S.r.l.       DQA
                                         BZQ
                                        DRG
                                                     LEL
                                        GZO
                                                     FLL
   The predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.
     IV.  REFERENCE DEVICE
   No reference device has been used for this submission


                                                                                                Page 1

Empatica Srl                                 K242737
                       Traditional 510(k)
                     Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

 V.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform  is a wearable device and software platform
composed by:
   ●  A wearable medical device called EmbracePlus,
   ●  A mobile application running on smartphones called "Care App",
   ●  A cloud-based software platform named "Care Portal".
The EmbracePlus is worn on the user's wrist and continuously collects raw data via specific
sensors. These data are wirelessly transmitted via Bluetooth Low Energy to a paired mobile
device where the Care App is up and running. The data received are analyzed by one of the
Care App software modules, EmpaDSP, which computes the user physiological parameters.
Based on the version of the Care App installed, the user can visualize a subset of these
physiological parameters. The Care App is also responsible for transmitting, over cellular or WiFi connection sensors' raw data, device information, Care App-specific information, and
computed physiological parameters to the Empatica Cloud. On the Empatica Cloud, these data
are stored, further analyzed, and accessible by healthcare providers or researchers via a specific
cloud-based software called Care Portal.
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is intended for retrospective remote monitoring of
physiological parameters in ambulatory adults in home-healthcare environments. It is designed
to continuously collect data to support intermittent monitoring of the following physiological
parameters and digital biomarkers by trained healthcare professionals or researchers: Pulse
Rate (PR), Respiratory Rate (RR), blood oxygen saturation (SpO2), peripheral skin temperature
(TEMP), and electrodermal activity (EDA). Activity sensors are used to detect sleep periods and
to monitor the activity associated with movement during sleep.
 VI.   INDICATION FOR USE
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is a wearable device and paired mobile and cloudbased software platform intended to be used by trained healthcare professionals or
researchers for retrospective remote monitoring of physiologic parameters in ambulatory
individuals 18 years of age and older in home-healthcare environments. As the platform does
not provide real-time alerts related to variation of physiologic parameters, users should use
professional judgment in assessing patient clinical stability and the appropriateness of using a
monitoring platform designed for retrospective review.
The device is intended for continuous data collection supporting intermittent retrospective
review of the following physiological parameters:
   ●  Pulse Rate,
   ●  Blood Oxygen Saturation under no-motion conditions,
   ●  Respiratory Rate under no motion conditions,
   ●  Peripheral Skin Temperature,
   ●  Electrodermal Activity,
   ●  Activity associated with movement during sleep
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform can be used to analyze circadian rhythms and assess
activity in any instance where quantifiable analysis of physical motion is desirable.
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not intended for SpO2 monitoring in conditions
of motion or low perfusion.
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform  is intended for peripheral skin temperature
monitoring, where monitoring temperature at the wrist is clinically indicated.


                                                                                           Page 2

Empatica Srl                                 K242737
                       Traditional 510(k)
                     Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not intended for Respiratory Rate monitoring in
motion conditions. This device does not detect apnea and should not be used for detecting or
monitoring cessation of breathing.
The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not intended for Pulse Rate monitoring in patients
with chronic cardiac arrhythmias, including atrial fibrillation and atrial/ventricular bigeminy and
trigeminy, and is not intended to diagnose or analyze cardiac arrhythmias. The Empatica Health
Monitoring Platform is not a substitute for an ECG monitor, and should not be used as the sole
basis for clinical decision-making.


                                                                                           Page 3

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                           Traditional 510(k)
                                            Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

         I.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICES
   The application Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate devices. The devices have similar
    Indications for Use, features, technology, and accuracy.
                 Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject         Empatica Health Monitoring Platform   Features                                                                                                              Analysis of differences                                    Device)                                     (K230457)
  Common     Monitor, Physiological, Patient (Without Arrhythmia       Monitor, Physiological, Patient (Without
                                                                                              N/A   Name                    Detection Or Alarms)                       Arrhythmia Detection Or Alarms)
   Device                                Empatica S.r.l.                                  Empatica S.r.l.                      N/A
Manufacturer
   Device
                                                                    II                                                                                   II                          N/A Classification
510(k) number                   N/A                                  K230457                       N/A
   Primary                        MWI                            MWI                         N/A
Product Code
  Secondary
                    DQA, BZQ, DRG, GZO, LEL, FLL               DQA, BZQ, DRG, GZO, LEL, FLL                N/AProduct Code
             The  Empatica  Health  Monitoring  Platform  is  a  The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is a
               wearable device and paired mobile and cloud-based  wearable device and paired mobile and cloudsoftware platform intended to be used by trained  based software platform intended to be used by
                healthcare   professionals   or   researchers   for  trained healthcare professionals or researchers
                 retrospective  remote  monitoring  of  physiologic   for   retrospective   remote   monitoring   of
   Intended     parameters in ambulatory individuals 18 years of age  physiologic parameters in ambulatory individuals                                                                                                 The subject device and the
Use/Indication  and older in home-healthcare environments. As the  18 years of age and older in home-healthcare                                                                                                                         predicate are identical
   s for Use     platform does not provide real-time alerts related to  environments. As the platform does not provide
                  variation of physiologic parameters, users should use  real-time alerts related to variation of physiologic
                 professional judgment in assessing patient  clinical  parameters,  users  should  use  professional
                    stability  and  the  appropriateness  of  using  a  judgment in assessing patient clinical stability and
                monitoring  platform  designed  for  retrospective  the  appropriateness  of  using  a  monitoring
                review.                                             platform designed for retrospective review.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    , S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                    Page 4

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                          Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

               Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject         Empatica Health Monitoring Platform
Features                                                                                                              Analysis of differences                                  Device)                                     (K230457)
           The device is intended for continuous data collection  The device  is intended  for continuous data
             supporting intermittent retrospective review of the   collection supporting intermittent retrospective
              following physiological parameters:                  review of the following physiological parameters:
             ●  Pulse Rate,                              ●  Pulse Rate,
             ●  Blood Oxygen Saturation under no-motion    ●  Blood  Oxygen  Saturation  under  noconditions,                                     motion conditions,
             ●  Respiratory Rate under no motion conditions,     ●  Respiratory  Rate  under  no  motion
             ●  Peripheral Skin Temperature,                          conditions,
             ●  Electrodermal Activity,                     ●  Peripheral Skin Temperature,
             ●  Activity associated with movement during    ●  Electrodermal Activity,
                     sleep                                  ●  Activity   associated  with  movement
                                                                        during sleep           The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform can be
            used to analyze circadian rhythms and assess activity  The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform can be
               in any instance where quantifiable analysis of physical  used to analyze circadian rhythms and assess
            motion is desirable.                                       activity  in  any  instance  where  quantifiable
                                                                       analysis of physical motion is desirable.           The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform  is not
             intended for SpO2 monitoring in conditions of motion  The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not
             or low perfusion.                                   intended for SpO2 monitoring in conditions of
                                                           motion or low perfusion.           The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is intended
               for peripheral skin temperature monitoring, where  The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform  is
             monitoring temperature  at the  wrist  is  clinically  intended   for   peripheral   skin  temperature
               indicated.                                            monitoring, where monitoring temperature at the
                                                                      wrist is clinically indicated.           The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform  is not
             intended for Respiratory Rate monitoring in motion  The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not
              conditions. This device does not detect apnea and  intended  for  Respiratory Rate  monitoring  in
             should not be used  for detecting or monitoring  motion conditions. This device does not detect
              cessation of breathing.                           apnea and should not be used for detecting or
                                                                monitoring cessation of breathing.           The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not
             intended for Pulse Rate monitoring in patients with


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              , S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                 Page 5

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                           Traditional 510(k)
                                            Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

                 Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject         Empatica Health Monitoring Platform
   Features                                                                                                              Analysis of differences                                    Device)                                     (K230457)
                chronic cardiac arrhythmias, including atrial          The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is not
                    fibrillation and atrial/ventricular bigeminy and         intended for Pulse Rate monitoring in patients
                 trigeminy, and is not intended to diagnose or analyze  with chronic cardiac arrhythmias, including atrial
                 cardiac arrhythmias. The Empatica Health                fibrillation and atrial/ventricular bigeminy and
               Monitoring Platform is not a substitute for an ECG     trigeminy, and is not intended to diagnose or
                monitor, and should not be used as the sole basis for   analyze cardiac arrhythmias. The Empatica
                    clinical decision-making.                            Health Monitoring Platform is not a substitute
                                                                           for an ECG monitor, and should not be used as
                                                                 the sole basis for clinical decision-making.
    Target                                                                                         The subject device and the
                                     Adult                                            Adult  Population                                                                                                             predicate are identical
 Anatomical                                                                                       The subject device and the                                     Wrist                                           Wrist
      Site                                                                                                                predicate are identical
  Over the                                                                                        The subject device and the
                                 Rx                                       RxCounter or Rx                                                                                                           predicate are identical
                                                                                                 The subject device and the Environment                  Home                               Home
                                                                                                                         predicate are identical
                                                                                                 The subject device and the   Alarms                     No                                 No                                                                                                                         predicate are identical
               Device screen, Mobile device application, and cloud    Device screen, Mobile device application, and    The subject device and the
User Interface                               software platform                              cloud software platform                 predicate are identical
                                                                                                 The subject device and theEnergy Source                        Battery                                           Battery
                                                                                                                         predicate are identical
                                                                                                 The subject device and the
 Battery Type               Rechargeable Lithium-Ion                         Rechargeable Lithium-Ion                                                                                                                         predicate are identical
   Wireless                                                      Bluetooth® Low Energy (device to mobile                Bluetooth® Low Energy (device to mobile device)                                            The subject device and the
Communicatio                                                                             device)                   IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular to Empatica cloud                                                          predicate are identical
 n Interface                                                      IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular to Empatica cloud
    Patient
                                                                                                 The subject device and the  contacting                Compliant to ISO 10993-1                       Compliant to ISO 10993-1
                                                                                                                         predicate are identical   materials


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    , S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                    Page 6

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                           Traditional 510(k)
                                            Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

                 Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject         Empatica Health Monitoring Platform
   Features                                                                                                              Analysis of differences                                    Device)                                     (K230457)
                                                                                           The subject device is
                                                                                                                       substantially equivalent
                                                                                                             to the predicate device,
                                                                                                               other than the
Predetermin                                                                                            implementation of an
 ed Change        PCCP included in the submission         No PCCP included in the submission.             authorized
Control Plan                                                                                         Predetermined Change
                                                                                                            Control Plan (PCCP)
                                                                                                                               specific to a
                                                                                             subcomponent of the
                                                                                             SpO2 algorithm

                                             Technical and Performance Information for Pulse Rate
                                                                   Empatica Health Monitoring Platform Features    Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject Device)                                                      Analysis of differences
                                                                             (K230457)
             PR measured by analyzing cyclic variations in the    PR measured by analyzing cyclic variations in the
                     reflectance of certain LED frequencies in a            reflectance of certain LED frequencies in a
                                                                                                 The subject device and theTechnology              photoplethysmogram design.                     photoplethysmogram design.
                                                                                                                         predicate are identical             The diodes are mounted in the device such that they   The diodes are mounted in the device such that
                           are in contact with the skin.                      they are in contact with the skin.
                                                                                                 The subject device and the  Range             24 – 240 beats per minute (bpm)                24 – 240 beats per minute (bpm)                                                                                                                         predicate are identical
                                                                                                 The subject device and the
Resolution                     1 bpm                                    1 bpm                                                                                                                          predicates are identical
                             (no-motion) 3 bpm Arms                             (no-motion) 3 bpm Arms            The subject device and the Accuracy
                                (motion) 5 bpm Arms                                 (motion) 5 bpm Arms                   predicate are identical
   The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform version presented in this 510(k) submission has introduced no changes to the computation of Pulse
   Rate compared with the cleared version. No additional clinical data or documentation has been attached to these 510(k) submissions.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    , S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                    Page 7

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                           Traditional 510(k)
                                            Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

                                          Technical and Performance Information for Respiratory Rate
 Features    Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject Device)   Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (K221282)     Analysis of differences
                                                                       Respiration rate (RR) data is continuously collected                Respiration rate (RR) data is continuously collected by
                                                                 by analyzing cyclic variations in the               analyzing cyclic variations in the photoplethysmogram.                                             The subject device and
Technology                                                     photoplethysmogram. The diodes are mounted in             The diodes are mounted in the device such that they                                                    the predicate are identical                                                                   the device such that they are in contact with the
                            are in contact with the skin                                                                                                 skin
                                                                                                    The subject device and  Range             6 – 40 breaths per minute (brpm)                 6 – 40 breaths per minute (brpm)
                                                                                                                  the predicate are identical
                                                                                                    The subject device and Resolution                     1 brpm                                     1 brpm                                                                                                                  the predicate are identical
                                                                                                    The subject device and
 Accuracy                    3 brpm Arms                                 3 brpm Arms                                                                                                                  the predicate are identical
   The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform version presented in this 510(k) submission has introduced no changes to the computation of
   Respiratory Rate compared with the cleared version. No additional clinical data or documentation has been attached to these 510(k)
   submissions.
                                      Technical and Performance Information for Blood Oxygen Saturation
 Features     Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject Device)   Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (K230457)     Analysis of differences
              SpO2 relies on the principle that hemoglobin at      SpO2 relies on the principle that hemoglobin at                                                                                                    The subject device and
Technology     different oxygenation states absorbs light differently         different oxygenation states absorbs light                                                                                                                   the predicate are identical                      based upon the wavelength of light.               differently based upon the wavelength of light.
                                                                                                    The subject device and
SpO2 Range                    70-100%                                   70-100%                         the predicates are
                                                                                                                                                identical
                                                                                                    The subject device and   SpO2                          1%                                 1%                           the predicates are
 Resolution                                                                                                                                                identical
   SpO2                                                                                             The subject device and                         3% Arms                              3% Arms
 Accuracy                                                                                                         the predicate are identical
   The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform version presented in this 510(k) submission has introduced no changes to the computation of blood
   oxygen saturation (SpO2) compared with the cleared version. No additional clinical data or documentation have been attached to these 510(k)
   submissions.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    , S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                    Page 8

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                             Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

                                             Technical and Performance Information for Temperature
                                                                      Empatica Health Monitoring Platform
  Features       Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject Device)                                                  Analysis of differences                                                                                (K221282)
                                                                                                  The subject device and the Technology                 high-precision temperature sensor                   high-precision temperature sensor
                                                                                                                          predicate are identical
Temperature                                                                                        The subject device and the
                                0°C to 50°C                                 0°C to 50°C   Range                                                                                                                 predicate are identical
Temperature                                                                                        The subject device and the                                       0.1°C                                           0.1°C
 Resolution                                                                                                               predicate are identical
Temperature                                                                                        The subject device and the                      ± 0.1ºC within 30.0ºC - 45.0ºC range             ± 0.1ºC within 30.0ºC - 45.0ºC range  Accuracy                                                                                                               predicate are identical
   The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform version presented in this 510(k) submission has introduced no changes to the computation of
    Peripheral Skin Temperature (TEMP) compared with the cleared version. No additional bench test and validation data or documentation have
   been attached to these 510(k) submissions.
                                        Technical and Performance Information for Electrodermal Activity
                Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (Subject
  Features                                                    Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (K221282)      Analysis of differences                                   Device)
                                              EDA is measured by analyzing detected changes in           EDA is measured by analyzing detected changes in                                             The subject device and the
 Technology                                                       the conductivity of the superficial layers of the               the conductivity of the superficial layers of the skin.                                                         predicate are identical
                                                                                                        skin.
                                                                                                  The subject device and the EDA Range                   0.01 μS – 100 μS                                 0.01 μS – 100 μS                                                                                                                          predicate are identical
   EDA                                                                                           The subject device and the                           1 digit ~ 55 pS                              1 digit ~ 55 pS
 Resolution                                                                                                               predicate are identical
   The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform version presented in this 510(k) submission has introduced no changes to the computation of EDA
   compared with the cleared version. No additional bench test and validation data or documentation have been attached to these 510(k)
    submissions.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     , S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                    Page 9

Empatica Srl                                                            K242737
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                             Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

                                           Technical and Performance Information for Activity and Sleep
                       Empatica Health Monitoring Platform
     Features                                                  Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (K230457)      Analysis of differences                                     (Subject Device)
                                                                                                   The subject device and the    Technology                     Accelerometer                                Accelerometer
                                                                                                                           predicate are identical
                            Microelectromechanical system                  Microelectromechanical system          The subject device and the
Accelerometer Type                         (MEMS)-based integrated circuit               (MEMS)-based integrated circuit               predicate are identical
  Accelerometer                                                                                     The subject device and the                                 Digital method, 26 Hz – 208 Hz                     Digital method, 26 Hz – 208 Hz
   Sampling Rate                                                                                                           predicate are identical
  Accelerometer                                                                                     The subject device and the                                 ± 16 g                                  ± 16 g  Dynamic Range                                                                                                          predicate are identical
  Accelerometer               0.488 milli-g per Least                         0.488 milli-g per Least              The subject device and the
     Sensitivity                         Significant Bit                                       Significant Bit                       predicate are identical
    The Empatica Health Monitoring Platform version presented in this 510(k) submission has introduced no changes to the computation of
    ActivityCounts and activity during sleep (ACT and SLEEP) compared with the cleared version. No additional bench test and validation data or
    documentation have been attached to this 510(k) submission.

    The technological characteristics of the subject device are identical to the predicate device, other than the implementation of a Predetermined
    Change Control Plan (PCCP) that specifies anticipated modification to the EHMP and the test methods that will be utilized to implement those
     modifications in a controlled manner such that the device is as safe and as effective as the predicate.


                                                                                                                                                                                              a, S.r.l.                                                                                                                                                    Page 10

Empatica Srl                                 K242737
                         Traditional 510(k)
                        Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

   II.   PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN
A PCCP for the Empatica Health Monitoring Platform is included as part of this submission to
outline the rationale, processes and criteria for managing future SpO2 algorithm modifications.
This plan details the steps for evaluating, implementing, and documenting changes to ensure
continued compliance and performance. The table below reports a summary of the proposed
modification, with a description outlining the rationale and the implementation.

          Modification                                 Description
 The  existing  SpO2  Quality The modification will be a one-time only change,
 Indicator    (QI)     -   which implemented by
 determines the quality of input  ●  Keeping the same input PPG signals and the same type
 photoplethysmography  (PPG)       of binary output.
 data to decide whether a SpO2  ●  Enhancing the development dataset with new samples
 output should be exposed to       to guarantee the generalizability of the new ML-based
 the user - will be updated by       algorithm,   performing   feature   extraction   and
 replacing    the    rule-based       engineering on window lengths spanning a 10-30-
 algorithm  with  a   Machine      second range.
 Learning-based algorithm       ●  developing an ML  classifier  for PPG data  quality
                                    assessment,  prioritizing  model  interpretability  and
                                           explainability.

Testing methods will include both bench testing and clinical testing, and will require the
performance of the modified SpO2 algorithm to be non-inferior to the original, FDA-cleared
algorithm. The testing methods and acceptance criteria for the performance validation are
summarized  in the  table below.  In  addition,  all software  verification  tests  linked to
requirements and specifications must pass for the modification to be considered valid and
implemented in the product.

           Testing methods                         Acceptance Criteria
 Bench testing conducted using a      The Sensitivity, Specificity, and False Discovery Rate
 functional tester to simulate a range    of the modified SpO2 QI algorithm in discriminating
 of representative signal quality issues   low-quality and high-quality data are non-inferior to
                                     the SpO2 QI in the FDA-cleared SpO2 algorithm

 Clinical testing conducted in         The Arms error of the modified SpO2 algorithm is
 accordance with ISO 80601-2-61      lower or equivalent to the FDA-cleared SpO2
 Medical electrical equipment - Part     algorithm.
 261: Particular requirements for
                                The percent agreement between the modified SpO2 basic safety and essential
                                  QI outputs and the FDA-cleared SpO2 QI outputs performance of pulse oximeter
                                 must be equal to or higher than 90% equipment and in accordance with
 the FDA Guidelines for Pulse
 Oximeters – Premarket Notification
 Submissions [510(k)s]: Guidance for
 Industry and Food and Drug
 Administration Staff (2013).


                                                                                          Page 11

Empatica Srl                                 K242737
                       Traditional 510(k)
                     Empatica Health Monitoring Platform

  III.   NOTIFICATIONS OF PCCP IMPLEMENTATION TO USERS
Modifications described above will be incorporated into one of Empatica’s quarterly releases
of the Empatica Health Monitoring Platform (EHMP).  In accordance with contractual
obligations, enterprise customers will be notified of these updates through Customer Change
Notification (CCN) documents at least 60 days in advance. Following completion of the internal
Change Control process, the updated mobile application will be published on the App Store
(iOS) and Google Play (Android), and users will receive an in-app notification when the new
version becomes available.

As the EHMP is distributed solely to enterprise customers, updates are communicated in
advance through CCNs,  enabling users to review  revised  labeling  materials  prior  to
implementation. Any options for update deferral or opt-out are managed in accordance with
customer agreements.

Each CCN will detail the nature and purpose of the modification, along with any impact on
device performance. Associated performance characteristics will be reflected in the updated
Instructions for Use (IFU), made available to professional users via the Care Portal. Version
information for both the mobile application and Care Portal will be clearly displayed within
their respective user interfaces, ensuring traceability of outputs to the corresponding software
and algorithm version.

Known  limitations,  potential sources of  bias, or performance issues  affecting  specific
subpopulations will be transparently disclosed in both the CCNs and the IFU. When updates
address such issues, changes in performance will be clearly described, and comparative preand post-update performance data  will be included where relevant to support  clinical
understanding.

Validation methodologies and the characteristics of the evaluated populations—including
demographic and clinical attributes—will be documented in the IFU, along with any stratified
performance metrics that support clinical interpretation.
As  the EHMP  mobile  application does  not  display SpO₂  values  to  patients,  direct
communication of updates to them is not required. These values are accessible only to
professional users through the Care Portal. Accordingly, reanalysis of historical patient data
and communication of result differences to patients are not applicable. However, if updates to
the AI model result in clinically meaningful changes to outputs within the Care Portal, these
changes will be clearly documented in the IFU and related professional user materials.

 IV.  CONCLUSION
The subject device has the same intended use, indications for use, and principles of operation
as its predicate device. The technological characteristics are identical with the exception of the
implementation of a PCCP, and this difference does not raise new questions of safety and
effectiveness,  it is our determination that the Empatica Health Monitoring Platform has a
safety and effectiveness profile that is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


                                                                                          Page 12