Imbio, Inc.
William Mclain
QA/RA Manager
1015 Glenwood Avenue
Floor 4
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55405
                                                      December 19, 2024

Re: K242467
    Trade/Device Name: IQ-UIP
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2085
    Regulation Name: Radiology software for referral of findings related to fibrotic lung disease
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QWO
    Dated: November 18, 2024
    Received: November 18, 2024

Dear William Mclain:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242467 - William Mclain                                                             Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242467 - William Mclain                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242467
Device Name
1Q-UIP
Indications for Use (Describe)
Imbio IQ-UIP is a computer-aided software indicated for use in passively notifying specialists
associated with interstitial lung disease (ILD) centers of radiological findings suggestive of
radiological usual interstitial ppeumonia (UIP) in non-contrast, chest CT scans of adults. Imbio |QUIP uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and identify positive findings on a
worklist application separate from and in parallel to the standard of care radiological image
interpretation. Identification of positive findings include summary reports with a clinical guideline
reference for the definition of UIP pattern that are meant for informational purposes only. The device
does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of Imbio |Q-UIP are used to notify specialists at an ILD center of radiological findings that
may be consistent with UIP. These specialists are qualified clinicians experienced in evaluating
chest CTs for ILD. Input images originate from within the same hospital network associated with the
ILD center. The results of Imbio IQ-UIP are intended to be used in conjunction with additional patient
information and based on the user's professional judgment, to assist with the review of medical
images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full image series and making final clinical
determinations.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242467
510(k) Summary – IQ UIP

Submission Owner and Correspondent

Imbio, Inc.
1015 Glenwood Avenue
Floor 4
Minneapolis, MN 55405
Contact: William McLain
Phone: 717-656-9656
E-Mail: billmclain@imbio.com


Other submissions correspondents:
Lauren Keith, Director of Engineering, laurenkeith@imbio.com and
Kai Ludwig, Senior Imaging Scientist, kailudwig@imbio.com

Date Summary Prepared

November 18, 2024

Device Trade Name

IQ-UIP

Device Common Name

Radiology Software For Referral Of Findings Related To Fibrotic Lung Disease

Device Classification Name

Radiology Software For Referral Of Findings Related To Fibrotic Lung Disease
21 CFR 892.2085
QWO

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP

Legally Marketed Device To Which The Device Is
Substantially Equivalent

The IQ-UIP Software is substantially equivalent to the Imvaria, Inc Fibresolve authorized
under DEN220040.

Description of the Device

Imbio IQ-UIP is a computer-aided software indicated for use in notifying specialists
associated with Interstitial Lung Disease (ILD) Centers of radiological findings suggestive of
radiological Usual Interstitial Pneumonia (UIP) in non-contrast, chest CT scans of adults.

Imbio IQ-UIP uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and identify positive
findings on a worklist application separate from and in parallel to the standard of care
radiological image interpretation. Identification of positive findings include summary
reports with a clinical guideline reference for the definition of UIP pattern that are meant for
informational purposes only. The device does not alter the original medical image and is
not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The development of the deep learning inference model utilized anonymized, multi-center,
retrospective, volumetric chest CT scans from several different, private and public data
sources including multiple hospitals, clinical imaging centers, and imaging databases.
Chest CT datasets were identified where each dataset represented an individual subject
and acquisition. Data was subdivided into “bins” between the two stages of model
development roughly 80%:20%: 1) model training and validation (i.e., hyper-parameter
tuning) and 2) model testing (i.e. performance assessment). Site independence was
maintained for several of the databases with clinical location data labels by randomly
assigning each clinic location an integer value between 1 and 1000. Then, increasing from
the lowest to highest random integer value, all data sets from a specific clinic location were
assigned to the training bin until 80% of the total number of datasets from a database had
been assigned to the training bin. The remaining were assigned to the testing bin. The
testing data set was locked and quarantined from the datasets used in the device's model
training and validation.


                                                                        2

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP

The results of Imbio IQ-UIP are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient
information and based on the user's professional judgment, to assist with the review of
medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full image series and
making final clinical determinations.

Indication for Use

Imbio IQ-UIP is a computer-aided software indicated for use in passively notifying
specialists associated with interstitial lung disease (ILD) centers of radiological findings
suggestive of radiological usual interstitial pneumonia (UIP) in non-contrast, chest CT
scans of adults. Imbio IQ-UIP uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images
and identify positive findings on a worklist application separate from and in parallel to the
standard of care radiological image interpretation. Identification of positive findings include
summary reports with a clinical guideline reference for the definition of UIP pattern that are
meant for informational purposes only. The device does not alter the original medical
image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of Imbio IQ-UIP are used to notify specialists at an ILD center of radiological
findings that may be consistent with UIP. These specialists are qualified clinicians
experienced in evaluating chest CTs for ILD. Input images originate from within the same
hospital network associated with the ILD center. The results of Imbio IQ-UIP are intended to
be used in conjunction with additional patient information and based on the user's
professional judgment, to assist with the review of medical images. Notified clinicians are
responsible for viewing full image series and making final clinical determinations.

Technological Characteristics

The following table demonstrates the technical characteristics comparing the proposed to
the predicate device.

Characteristic       Predicate: Fibresolve           Proposed: IQ-UIP             Similarities or
                      (DEN220040)                                             Differences

FDA Clearance   DEN220040                   TBD                                          --

Clearance Date   01/12/2024                   TBD                                          --

Product Code   QWO                 QWO                      Same


                                                                        3

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP


Characteristic       Predicate: Fibresolve           Proposed: IQ-UIP             Similarities or
                      (DEN220040)                                             Differences

Class                       II                                                             II                         Same

Regulation       892.2085                        892.2085                   Same

Software        Device is software only             Device is software only          Same

Software        Moderate                         Basic                          Documentation is similar
Documentation                                                             and differences are due to
Level                                                                          updated FDA guidance.

Indications  for   Fibresolve is a software‐only device  Imbio IQ-UIP is a computer-aided    Similarities
Use               that receives and analyzes lung      software indicated for use in
                                                                                          •  Referral software for               computed tomography (CT) imaging  passively notifying specialists
                 data in order to provide a diagnostic  associated with interstitial lung           findings suggestive of
                 subtype classification in suspected  disease (ILD) centers of               a pre-specified
                cases of interstitial lung disease      radiological findings suggestive of          clinical fibrotic lung
                     (ILD). The device supplements the    radiological usual interstitial             condition
                  standard-of‐care workflow by      pneumonia (UIP) in non-contrast,
                   providing a qualitative, diagnostic    chest CT scans of adults. Imbio IQ-
                                                                                          • Uses artificial                    classification output of imaging     UIP uses an artificial intelligence
                                                                                                      intelligence to                    findings based on machine learning  algorithm to analyze images and
                                                                                            analyze chest/lung CT                   pattern recognition, in order to       identify positive findings on a
                                                                                  images                  provide adjunctive information as    worklist application separate from
                   part of a referral pathway to an      and in parallel to the standard of
                  appropriate Multidisciplinary        care radiological image                                                                                          • Used by clinicians                 Discussion (MDD) or as part of an    interpretation. Identification of
                                                                                                      qualified in the care              MDD. Specifically, the tool is used    positive findings include summary
                                                                                                   of lung disease                   to serve as an adjunct in the         reports with a clinical guideline
                  diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary   reference for the definition of UIP
                     fibrosis (IPF) prior to invasive        pattern that are meant for                                                                                          •  Operates in parallel to
                     testing. The results of Fibresolve are  informational purposes only. The                                                                                         standard of care
                 intended to be used only by         device does not alter the original                                                                                       workflow
                    clinicians qualified in the care of    medical image and is not intended
                  lung disease, specifically in caring   to be used as a diagnostic device.
                     for patients with ILD, in conjunction                                       •  Provide qualitative
                  with the patient’s clinical history,                                             diagnostic subtype
                symptoms, and other diagnostic                                               The results of Imbio IQ-UIP are            classification for
                     tests, as well as the clinician’s                                              used to notify specialists at an ILD       cases suspected of
                   professional judgment.                                                     center of radiological findings that          interstitial lung
                                        may be consistent with UIP. These        disease
                                                          specialists are qualified clinicians
                The input to Fibresolve is a DICOM‐  experienced in evaluating chest
                                                                                          •  Limited to analysis of                 compliant lung CT scan. Clinical    CTs for ILD. Input images originate
                                                                                        imaging data and                case eligibility includes the         from within the same hospital
                                                                                       should not be used                   following criteria:                 network associated with the ILD
                                                                                                             in-lieu of full patient                                                         center. The results of Imbio IQ-UIP
               Age > 22 years old.                 are intended to be used in                evaluation or relied
                                                                             upon to make or                                                    conjunction with additional patient
                Pulmonary symptoms suggestive of                                        confirm diagnosis                                                     information and based on the                  possible ILD including IPF.
                                                        user's professional judgment, to
                                                          assist with the review of medical


                                                                        4

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP


Characteristic       Predicate: Fibresolve           Proposed: IQ-UIP             Similarities or
                      (DEN220040)                                             Differences

                                                  images. Notified clinicians are       Differences:
                                                     responsible for viewing full image
                                                        series and making final clinical        •  IQ-UIP reports
                                                     determinations.                        viewable on
                                                                                        dedicated worklist
                                                                                                application separate
                                                                                   from standard-ofcare.

Technical        The device supports referral of      The device supports referral of     Same
Method           findings related to fibrotic lung       findings related to fibrotic lung
                 diseases using machine learning,    diseases using machine
                        artificial intelligence or other         learning, artificial intelligence or
                image analysis algorithms.          other image analysis algorithms.

Target Area      The device operates on            The device operates on          Same
                    radiological images of the            radiological images of the
              human body.                 human body.

Anatomical Site  Lung/Chest                      Lung/Chest                  Same

Intended User    Clinicians qualified in care of lung    Clinicians qualified in care of lung  Same
Population       disease                           disease

Patient           Adults > 22 years old and with       Adults > 22 years old                  Similarities:
Population      pulmonary symptoms suggestive of
                                                                                        •   Adults > 22 years old                  possible ILD including IPF.


                                                                                            Differences:

                                                                                        •    Fibresolve’s patient
                                                                                          population is limited
                                                                                                   to those adults with
                                                                                 pulmonary symptoms
                                                                                             suggestive of possible
                                                                                        ILD including IPF.
                                                                                        •   IQ-UIP patient
                                                                                          population would
                                                                                            include the same
                                                                                                patient population as
                                                                                       those indicated for
                                                                                                Fibresolve but may
                                                                                              also include others
                                                                     who have undergone a
                                                                                        chest CT for other
                                                                               symptoms.

Communication  Does not communicate images     Does not communicate images    Same
with Patient       to patients.                          to patients.


                                                                        5

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP


Characteristic       Predicate: Fibresolve           Proposed: IQ-UIP             Similarities or
                      (DEN220040)                                             Differences

Alteration of    No                        No                        Same
original image

Viewing        Unknown                            Referral report viewable on         IQ-UIP reports viewable on
                                                   dedicated worklist application      dedicated worklist
                                                     accessible by the intended users.    application separate from
                                                                                          standard-of-care.

Software Validation

The IQ-UIP Software was subject to the following testing in association with software
validation:

    •   Integration, Regression, and Algorithm Validation Testing
    •  Design Verification
    •  Unit Testing
    •  Standalone Performance Assessment

Summary Data
For primary endpoints, the device's AUC ROC is 96.6 [95.4, 97.7] and PPV is 77.9 [73.3,
82.8].

For secondary endpoints, the device's specificity is 91.5 [89.2, 93.7] and sensitivity is 90.2
[86.2, 94.3].

These data were collected from 804 individual patient images.

The prevalence of radiological UIP+ pattern in the standalone performance assessment
cohort was 193/804 = 24.0%.

Positive and negative predictive values were estimated for various prevalences expected to
be encountered by the device.


                                                                        6

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP

Demographic data are presented in the following table.

Data Bin                                   Datasets  Percentage of Total (%)

Gender

Male                                    437      54.4%

Female                                  300      37.3%

N/A                                     67       8.3%

Age (years)

<50                                     89       11.1%

≥50 AND <60                             150      18.7%

≥60 AND <70                             257      32.0%

≥70 AND <80                             215      26.7%

≥80                                     46       5.7%

N/A                                     47       5.8%

Race/Ethnicity

White                                   302      37.6%

African-American                          27       3.4%

Asian                                   21       2.6%

Hispanic                                 2        0.2%

American Indian or Alaska Native              2        0.2%

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander       1        0.1%

Other                                    1        0.1%

N/A                                     448      55.7%


                                                                        7

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP

The following table describes clinical subgroups and cofounders present in the dataset.

 Clinical Diagnosis                                           Datasets (N)

 Emphysema                                               66

 Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (Idiopathic UIP)                    234

 Nonspecific interstitial pneumonia (NSIP)                       52

 Pneumonia                                               115

 Bronchiolitis                                              14

 Uncharacterized ILD (uILD)                                   9

 Cancer                                                   2

 Sarcoidosis                                               61

 Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis (HP)                             53

 Connective Tissue Disease Related ILD (CTD-ILD)                 53

 Control                                                  140

 Other                                                    5

 Total                                                    804

The following table describes equipment and protocols used to collect images.

                                                                  Percentage
 Data Bin                                          Datasets
                                                                          of Total (%)

 Scanner Manufacturer

 GE Medical Systems                               232           28.9%

 Siemens                                        296           36.8%

 Toshiba/Canon                                   89            11.1%

 Philips                                         187           23.3%


                                                                        8

510(k) Summary – IQ UIP


 "GE Equivalent" Reconstruction Kernel

 BONE (or equivalent)                             14             1.7%

 STANDARD (or equivalent)                         433            53.9%

 LUNG (or equivalent)                             294            36.6%

 SOFT (or equivalent)                              63             7.8%

 Slice Thickness (mm)

 <1.5                                           664            82.6%

 ≥1.5 AND <3                                    100            12.4%

 =3                                            40             5.0%

Five experts, U.S. board-certified radiologists ("truthers") practicing within the United
States performed ground truthing of the performance datasets. Each truther had a
minimum of 5+ years experience evaluating chest CTs for ILDs and a clinical familiarity with
using the ATS/ERS/JRS/ALAT diagnostic categories for UIP pattern. None of the enrolled
truthers were involved in the development of the algorithm/device in any way, thus ensuring
independence of testing and training data or other activities.

Biocompatibility

Biocompatibility testing is not applicable for the IQ-UIP.

Conclusions

The results of the comparison of design, intended use and technological characteristics
demonstrate that the device is as safe and effective as the legally marketed predicate
device.


                                                                        9