February 25, 2025

Therapanacea SAS
Bhairavi Ajachandra
Compliance Director
7 bis boulevard Bourdon
Paris, 75004
France

Re: K242822
    Trade/Device Name: ART-Plan+ (v.3.0.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ, QKB, LLZ
    Dated: September 18, 2024
    Received: September 18, 2024

Dear Bhairavi Ajachandra:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242822 - Bhairavi Ajachandra                                                         Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242822 - Bhairavi Ajachandra                                                         Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242822
Device Name
ART-Plan+ (v.3.0.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)
ART-Plan+‘s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has
been prescribed. In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is available.
ART-Plan+‘s includes several modules:
- SmartPlan which allows automatic generation of radiotherapy treatment plan that the users import
into their own Treatment Planning System (TPS) for the dose calculation, review and approval. This
module is available for supported prescriptions for prostate only.
- Annotate which allows automatic generation of contours for organs at risk, lymph nodes and
tumors, based on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images
ART-Plan+ is not intended to be used for patients less than 18 years of age.
The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiotherapists,
radiation oncologists, medical physicists, dosimetrists and medical professionals involved in the
radiation therapy process.
The indicated use environments include, but are not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health
facility offering radiation therapy.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

TheraPanacea SAS
                             Traditional 510(k)       K242822                           ART-Plan+

                                   510(k) Summary

        This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Part 807, Section 807.92.

     Contact details
       Applicant Name:

       TheraPanacea SAS

       Applicant Address:

       7 bis boulevard Bourdon
       75004 Paris
       France

       Applicant Contact Telephone:

       +33620604982

       Applicant Contact:

        Mrs. Bhairavi AJACHANDRA

       Applicant Contact Email:

       b.ajachandra@therapanacea.eu


     Device Name:

 Device Trade     Regulation      Common name         Device       Product     Classification
   Name        Number                                Class       Code(s)       Name
ART-Plan+         892.5050      Medical charged-particle     Class II      MUJ         System,
(v3.0.0)                               radiation therapy system                  Associated       Planning,
                                                                            Product        Radiation
                                                                             Code(s):       Therapy
                                                              QKB, LLZ      Treatment


     Legally marketed predicate device


         Predicate #                 Predicate trade name       Product code
                                     (primary predicate is listed
                                                 first)
        K222728                     Radiation Planning Assistant  MUJ
                                  (RPA)


       Page 1 of 7

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

Legally marketed reference devices


 Reference device #         Reference device trade      Product code
                      name
 K213628                    VBrain                QKB
 K234068                  ART-Plan              MUJ


Device Description Summary:

ART-Plan+ is a software platform allowing contour regions of interest on 3D images and to
provide an automatic treatment plan. It includes several modules:

-Home: tasks

-Annotate and TumorBox: contouring of regions of interest

-SmartPlan: creation of an automatic treatment plan based on a planning CT and a RTSS

-Administration and settings : preferences management, user account management, etc.

-Institute Management: institute information, including licenses, list of users, etc.

-About: information about the software and its use, as well as contact details.


Annotate, TumorBox and SmartPlan are partially based on a batch mode, which allows the user
to launch the operations of autocontouring and autoplanning without having to use the interface
or the viewers. In that way, the software is completely integrated into the radiotherapy workflow
and offer to the user a maximum of flexibility.

ART-Plan+ offers deep-learning based automatic segmentation of OARs and LNs for the
following localizations:

-Head and neck (on CT images)

-Thorax/breast (on CT images)

-Abdomen (on CT and male on MR images)

-Pelvis male (on CT and MR images)

-Pelvis female (on CT images)

-Brain (on CT images and MR images)


ART-Plan+ offers deep-learning based automatic segmentation of targets for the following
localizations:


 Page 2 of 7

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

-Brain (on MR images)


Intended Use/Indication for use:

ART-Plan+‘s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment
has been prescribed. In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is
available.

ART-Plan+‘s includes several modules:

- SmartPlan which allows automatic generation of radiotherapy treatment plan that the users
import into their own Treatment Planning System (TPS) for the dose calculation, review and
approval. This module is available for supported prescriptions for prostate only.

- Annotate which allows automatic generation of contours for organs at risk, lymph nodes and
tumors, based on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images

ART-Plan+ is not intended to be used for patients less than 18 years of age.

The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to,
radiotherapists, radiation oncologists, medical physicists, dosimetrists and medical
professionals involved in the radiation therapy process.

The indicated use environments include, but are not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health
facility offering radiation therapy.

Indication for use comparison:

The intended use and indications for use of the proposed device, ART-Plan+ v3.0.0 and the
primary predicate are similar as they are both softwares intended to be used in the planning of
radiotherapy treatment:

-They allow creation of contours
-They allow the planification of external beam irradiation with photon beams using
computerized tomography (CT) images.
-They allow the user to import the generated plan into their own Treatment Planning System
(TPS) for dose calculation, review and approval.


The intended use and indications for use of the proposed device, ART-Plan+ v3.0.0 and the
reference devices are similar as they are also softwares intended to be used in the planning of
radiotherapy treatment in order to provide AI based segmentation tools to contour known
(diagnosed) tumors, for organs at risk and lymph nodes.

Technological Comparison:

ART-Plan+ is substantially equivalent to the The Radiation Planning Assistant (RPA)
(K222728) predicate device in the following aspects:


 Page 3 of 7

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

    •   Both devices allow the planification of external beam irradiation with photon beams
        using computerized tomography (CT) images.

    •   Both devices allow the creation of contours and treatment plans that the user imports
         into their own Treatment Planning System (TPS) for the dose calculation, review and
        approval.


There are no differences between the proposed device and the predicate that represent an
additional claim for the proposed device.

 Technical Information

                                             Primary Predicate
                   Proposed Device         Radiation Planning
 Property                                                        Comment
                    ART-Plan v3.0.0           System (RPA)

 Delineation      AI                          AI                     The  proposed  device and  primary
 Method                                                                    predicate  share  an  AI  delineation
                                                                     method.
 Segmentation   Automatically    delineates  The   RPA     provides  The   proposed   device   proposes
 Features      OARs and lymph nodes and  autocontouring for a range  segmentation    on    the   same
                     targets.                        of structures                   localizations with the same medical
                                                                  images of different modalities using AI.
               Deep learning algorithm.

                  Automatic    segmentation
                   includes    the    following
                     localizations:
                      * head and neck (on CT)
                      *     thorax/breast      (for
                  male/female and on CT)
                      * abdomen (on CT images
                and MR images)
                      * pelvis male (on CT and
              MR)
                      *  pelvis  female  (on CT
                 images)
                      * brain (on CT images and
           MR images)
 Regions  and  AI Based autocontouring     AI Based autocontouring,
                                                              The proposed device and the primary
 Volumes
                                                                              predicate    allow    AI    automatic
 of     Interest
                                                                               contouring.
 (ROI)


Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

In order to determine the substantial equivalence of ART-Plan + v3.0.0, the following tests
have been performed:

Non regression testing of autosegmentation of organs at risk - Validation of the performance of
autosegmentation (on CT and MR images) of already existing structures after retraining or
algorithm improvement was performed by comparison of the DSC between contours
generated by the previous version of ART-Plan (v2.2.0) and manual contours performed by
medical experts and the DSC between contours generated by the new version of ART-Plan +
(v3.0.0) and manual contours performed by medical experts. The evaluation was performed on
a minimum sample size of 24 patients.


 Page 4 of 7

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

-Mean DSC should not regress negatively between the current and last validated version of
Annotate beyond a maximum tolerance margin set to -5% relative error.


Qualitative evaluation of autosegmentation of organs at risk - Validation of the performance of
autosegmentation of new organs at risk (or organs at risk not passing the non regression
testing) on CT images was performed by qualitative evaluation of the contours by medical
experts. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size of 18 patients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

-The clinicians’ qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered acceptable for
clinical use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications / corrections (B) with a A+B %
above or equal to 85% considering the following scale:

A. the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification

B. the contour would be acceptable for clinical use after minor modifications/corrections

C. the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the expert to manually
delineate the structure)”


Quantitative evaluation of autosegmentation of organs at risk – validation of the performance
of autosegmentation of new organs at risk on CT images was performed by quantitative
evaluation of the contours. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size of 24
patients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

- Mean DSC (annotate) ≥ 0.8


Inter-expert variability evaluation of autosegmentation of organs at risk – validation of the
performance of autosegmentation of new organs at risk on CT images was performed by an
inter-expert variability evaluation of the contours. The same images were asked to be
contoured by two independent medical experts. DSC was calculated between them and with
contours generated by the software and the compared. This evaluation was performed on a
minimum sample size of 13 patients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

- Mean DSC (annotate) ≥ Mean DSC (inter-expert) with a tolerance margin of –5% of relative
error


 Page 5 of 7

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+


Quantitative evaluation of autosegmentation of Brain metastasis – Validation of the
performance of autosegmentation of brain metastasis on MR images was performed by
quantitative evaluation. Contours provided by medical experts were compared with contours
generated by the software. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size of 51
tients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

- The lesion-wise sensitivity is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as benchmark: mean
lesion-wise sensitivity ≥ 0.86

AND

- The lesion-wise precision is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as benchmark: mean
lesion-wise precision ≥ 0.70

AND

- The lesion-wise DSC similarity coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as
benchmark: mean lesion-wise DSC ≥ 0.78

AND

- The patient-wise DSC similarity coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as
benchmark: mean patient-wise DSC ≥ 0.83

AND

- The patient-wise false positive (FP) is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as benchmark:
mean patient-wise FP ≤ 2.1


Quantitative evaluation of autosegmentation of Glioblastoma – Validation of the performance
of autosegmentation of glioblastoma on MR images was performed by quantitative evaluation.
Contours provided by medical experts were compared with contours generated by the
software. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size of 43 patients.

The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:

-The sensitivity is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as benchmark: mean sensitivity ≥ 0.80

AND

-The DSC is equal to or superior to state-of-the-art as benchmark: mean DSC ≥ 0.76


 Page 6 of 7

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

Quantitative and qualitative evaluation of automatic treatment plans generations – validation of
the performance of automatic radiotherapy treatment plans generation was performed by both
quantitative and qualitative evaluation. The quantitative evaluation consisted of direct
comparison with manual plans. The qualitative evaluation consisted of medical experts
determining the clinical acceptability of plans. These evaluations were performed on a
minimum sample size of 20 patients.

- The treatments plans are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:

Quantitative evaluation: effectiveness difference (%) in DVH achieved goals between manual
plans and automatic plans ≤ 5%

AND

Qualitative evaluation: % of clinical acceptable automatic plans ≥ 93% after expert review.


All validation tests were carried out using datasets representative of the worldwide population
receiving radiotherapy treatments. Finally, all tests passed their respective acceptance criteria,
thus showing ART-Plan + v3.0.0 clinical acceptability.

Not applicable

Based on the information presented in these 510(k) premarket notifications the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan is considered substantially equivalent. The TheraPanacea ART-Plan + 3.0.0 is as
safe and effective as the currently marketed predicate device.


Based on testing and comparison with the predicate device, TheraPanacea ART-Plan
indicated no adverse indications or results. It is our determination that the TheraPanacea ARTPlan + 3.0.0 performs within its design specifications and is substantially equivalent to the
predicate.


 Page 7 of 7