Ever Fortune.AI, Co., Ltd.
Wang Ti-Hao
Chief Technology Officer                                           February 20, 2025
8F., No.360, Sec. 1, Jingmao Rd., Beitun Dist.
Taichung City, 406040
Taiwan

Re: K242821
    Trade/Device Name: EFAI Chestsuite XR Malpositioned ETT Assessment System (ETT-XR-100)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: January 14, 2024
    Received: January 14, 2025

Dear Wang Ti-Hao:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242821 - Wang Ti-Hao                                                              Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242821 - Wang Ti-Hao                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242821

Device Name
EFAI CHESTSUITE XR MALPOSITIONED ETT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (ETT-XR-100)


Indications for Use (Describe)
EFAI CHESTSUITE XR MALPOSITIONED ETT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI ETTXR) is a radiological computeraided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of chest X-ray (CXR) images in adults. The device
is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and
communicating suspected positive cases of vertically malpositioned endotracheal tube (ETT) in relation to the carina.
Findings are flagged when the ETT distal tip is assessed as being more than 7 cm above the carina, less than 3 cm above
the carina, or when it is below the carina (i.e in the right or left mainstem bronchus). The device assesses solely the
vertical position of the ETT distal tip relative to the carina, does not factor patient positioning, and cannot detect
esophageal intubation. The device is tested in the single lumen endotracheal tube, while it may trigger a false
prioritization alert in the case of properly positioned double lumen ETT.

EFAI ETTXR analyzes cases using deep learning algorithms to identify suspected malpositioned ETT findings. It makes
case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. EFAI ETTXR is not intended to
direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a
stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out malpositioned ETT or otherwise preclude
clinical assessment of chest radiographs.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K242821


                           510(k) Summary

1.    General Information

510(k) Sponsor                Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
Address                            8F., No.360, Sec. 1, Jingmao Rd.,
                               Beitun Dist.,
                              Taichung City 406040,
                             Taiwan
Applicant                      Joseph Chang
Contact Information           886-04-23213838 #216
                                joseph.chang@everfortune.ai
Correspondence Person        Ti-Hao Wang
Contact Information           886-04-23213838 #168
                          thothwang@gmail.com
                                tihao.wang@everfortune.ai
Date Prepared                   January, 2025


2.    Proposed Device
Proprietary Name            EFAI CHESTSUITE XR MALPOSITIONED ETT ASSESSMENT
                     SYSTEM (ETT-XR-100)
Common Name              EFAI ETTXR
Classification Name             Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code            QAS
Regulatory Class                    II


3.    Predicate Device
Proprietary Name               Briefcase
Premarket Notification        K221330
Classification Name             Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code            QAS
Regulatory Class                    II


EFAI ETTXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          1

4.    Device Description

EFAI CHESTSUITE XR MALPOSITIONED ETT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI ETTXR) is
a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software system. The software uses deep
learning  techniques  to automatically analyze  chest radiographs and  alerts  the PACS/RIS
workstation once images with features suggestive of malpositioned ETT are identified.


Through the use of EFAI ETTXR, a radiologist is able to review studies with features suggestive
of malpositioned ETT earlier than in standard of care workflow.


The device is intended to provide a passive notification through the PACS/workstation to the
radiologists indicating the existence of a case that may potentially benefit from the prioritization.
It does not mark, highlight, or direct users’ attention to a specific location on the original chest
radiographs. The device aims to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images
only.


5.    Intended Use / Indications for Use

EFAI CHESTSUITE XR MALPOSITIONED ETT ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI ETTXR) is
a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of
chest X-ray (CXR) images in adults. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and
appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating
suspected positive cases of vertically malpositioned endotracheal tube (ETT) in relation to the
carina. Findings are flagged when the ETT distal tip is assessed as being more than 7 cm above
the carina, less than 3 cm above the carina, or when it is below the carina (i.e in the right or left
mainstem bronchus). The device assesses solely the vertical position of the ETT distal tip
relative  to  the  carina, does not  factor  patient  positioning, and cannot  detect esophageal
intubation. The device is tested in the single lumen endotracheal tube, while it may trigger a false
prioritization alert in the case of properly positioned double lumen ETT.


EFAI ETTXR analyzes cases using deep learning algorithms to identify suspected malpositioned
ETT  findings.  It makes  case-level  output  available  to a PACS/workstation  for  worklist
prioritization or triage. EFAI ETTXR is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an
image or to anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
for clinical decision-making nor is  it intended to rule out malpositioned ETT or otherwise
preclude clinical assessment of chest radiographs.


EFAI ETTXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          2

6.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device


                                                                   Predicate Device:
      Feature/               Proposed Device:
                                                                        BriefCase
     Function               EFAI ETTXR
                                                                  (K221330)

                  EFAI     CHESTSUITE    XR   BriefCase      is    a     radiological
               MALPOSITIONED         ETT  computeraided triage and notification
               ASSESSMENT  SYSTEM   (EFAI   software  indicated  for  use  in  the
                ETTXR)      is     a     radiological   analysis of frontal chest X-ray (CXR)
                     computer-aided triage and notification  images   in   adults   or   transitional
                      software  indicated  for  use  in  the   adolescents aged 18 and  older. The
                        analysis of chest X-ray (CXR) images   device  is intended  to assist hospital
                        in adults. The device  is intended to  networks  and  appropriately  trained
                          assist    hospital    networks   and   medical specialists in workflow triage
                       appropriately     trained     medical  by   flagging   and   communicating
                         specialists  in  workflow  triage  by   suspected positive cases of vertically
                       flagging     and     communicating   malpositioned    endotracheal    tube
                      suspected positive cases of vertically  (ETT) in relation to the carina.
                      malpositioned    endotracheal   tube
                   (ETT)  in  relation  to  the  carina.   Findings are flagged when the ETT
                      Findings are flagged when the ETT   distal  tip  is assessed as being more
                          distal tip  is assessed as being more   than 5 cm above the carina, less than 2
                      than 7 cm above the carina, less than 3  cm above the  carina, or when  it  is
                cm above the carina, or when  it  is  below the carina (i.e in the right or left
                   below the carina (i.e in the right or left  mainstem bronchus).
     Intended      mainstem   bronchus).  The  device
   Use/Indication    assesses solely the vertical position of  The device assesses solely the vertical
       for Use        the ETT  distal  tip  relative  to  the   position of the ETT distal tip relative
                         carina,   does   not   factor   patient   to the carina, does not factor patient
                        positioning,   and   cannot    detect   positioning,   and   cannot    detect
                     esophageal intubation. The device is  esophageal  intubation.  The  device
                        tested    in    the    single   lumen  does  not  provide  results when  the
                      endotracheal tube, while it may trigger   carina  is not well-visualized on the
                     a false prioritization alert in the case   x-ray  image. The  device  does  not
                       of properly positioned double lumen   discriminate types of ETTs, as such a
                   ETT.                                   properly positioned double lumen ETT
                                              may trigger a false prioritization alert.
                  EFAI ETTXR analyzes cases using
                    deep learning algorithms to identify   BriefCase    uses    an     artificial
                      suspected     malpositioned   ETT   intelligence   algorithm   to  analyze
                        findings.  It makes case-level output  images  and  highlight  cases  with
                        available to a PACS/workstation for   detected  findings  on  a  standalone
                       worklist prioritization or triage. EFAI   application in parallel to the ongoing
               ETTXR  is  not  intended  to  direct   standard of care image interpretation.
                        attention  to  specific portions of an  The    user     is    presented   with
                   image or to anomalies of an image. Its   notifications for cases with suspected
                         results are not intended to be used on a   findings.     Notifications     include
                       stand-alone    basis    for    clinical  compressed preview images that are

EFAI ETTXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          3

decision-making nor is it intended to  meant for informational purposes only
                        rule   out  malpositioned  ETT   or  and not intended  for diagnostic use
                      otherwise preclude clinical assessment  beyond notification. The device does
                       of chest radiographs.                   not  alter the original medical image
                                                      and  is not intended to be used as a
                                                                diagnostic device.
                                                  The results of BriefCase are intended
                                                                   to be used in conjunction with other
                                                                   patient information and based on the
                                                                  user’s professional judgment, to assist
                                                           with  triage/prioritization  of medical
                                                           images.   Notified    clinicians   are
                                                               responsible  for viewing  full images
                                                             per the standard of care.

                      Hospital networks and appropriately   Hospital networks and appropriately
  User population
                        trained medical specialists               trained medical specialists


    Anatomical

      region of      Chest                                Chest

        interest


       Data

      acquisition     Chest X-ray (AP view)                  Frontal Chest X-ray (CXR)

       protocol


      Images
              DICOM                    DICOM
       format


     Interference

                   No. No  cases  are  removed  from  No. No  cases  are  removed  from    with standard
                      Worklist or deprioritized.               desktop app or deprioritized

     workflow


                          Artificial intelligence algorithm with   Artificial  intelligence algorithm with
     Algorithm
                      database of images.                    database of images.


EFAI ETTXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          4

7.    Performance Data

Performance of the EFAI ETTXR has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and validation
testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance with IEC
62304:2006/A1:2016 - Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, in addition to
the FDA Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket Submissions  for Device Software
Functions” and “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
of Premarket Submissions.”

Ever Fortune.AI conducted a retrospective, blinded, multisite clinical validation study with the
proposed device EFAI ETTXR with a pre-determined primary and secondary endpoint and
performance goals to evaluate the performance of the EFAI ETTXR in identifying malpositioned
Endotracheal Tube (ETT) from chest x-ray images on a validation dataset of 940 studies
consecutively collected from multiple  clinical  sites across the United States. Each patient
included only one study. None of the studies was used as part of the EFAI ETTXR model
development or analytical validation testing.

The study population contained 49.57% females and 50.43% males, and the mean age of cases
was 57.9 years. Cases included White, Black or African American, Hispanic, Asian, Multiracial,
and other races or ethnicities. The X-ray images were obtained from manufacturers such as
Philips, Canon, Carestream Health, Samsung Electronics, Siemens, and others.

The determination of malpositioned ETT in each case was independently assessed by three U.S.
board-certified radiologists, with cases classified as positive for malpositioned ETT. Cases where
the ETT was correctly positioned or with no ETT were classified as negative. The reference
standard  (ground  truth) was  based on  the  majority  agreement among  the  three  U.S.
board-certified radiologists, resulting in 259 positive cases and 681 negative cases (Correctly
Positioned ETT: 316, With No ETT: 365). Primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity
with an 80% performance goal.

The observed results of the standalone performance validation study demonstrated that EFAI
ETTXR by  itself, in the absence of any interaction with a clinician, can provide case-level
notifications with features suggestive of malpositioned ETT with satisfactory  results. The
performance evaluation conducted exclusively on AP view showed EFAI ETTXR demonstrated
a sensitivity and specificity of 0.890 (95% CI=0.846-0.923) and 0.935 (95% CI=0.909-0.954)
respectively, which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (BriefCase, K221330). The
secondary endpoint of the observed system processing time per study is 2.49 minutes (95%
CI=2.43-2.56 minutes) on average and was significantly less than the pre-specified performance
goal.

In addition, the results of the subgroup analysis, which included different genders, age groups,
race or ethnicity groups, and X-ray manufacturer groups, demonstrated that EFAI ETTXR
consistently performed high performance, underscoring its reliability and effectiveness across
diverse subgroups. Furthermore, we also evaluated the device's performance in cases with other
(non-ETT) tubes, lines, and life support devices, lung diseases (cavitary lung lesions, lung
abscesses, lung masses, nodules, pleural effusion, pneumonia, pneumothorax, and pulmonary
edema), image quality issues (poor patient’s position, artifact present, field of view issues, and

EFAI ETTXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          5

missing anatomy), post op (surgery or implants), and other diseases to assess the impact of these
potential  confounding  factors. The  device  consistently  performed  reliably  across  these
circumstances.

In conclusion, the  results demonstrate that the EFAI ETTXR device  is determined to be
substantially equivalent in safety and effectiveness to the predicate device.


8.    Safety & Effectiveness

EFAI ETTXR has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with ISO
14971:2019 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices. The EFAI
ETTXR performance has been validated using retrospective data from case data and through the
use of Reader comparison analysis.


9.    Substantial Equivalence

The indications for use statement for the subject device is substantially similar to the cleared
indications for use statement for BriefCase (K221330 ) . Both the subject and predicate devices
are used for triaging chest radiographs by identifying suspected malpositioned endotracheal
tubes (ETTs) relative to the carina. Both devices include specific criteria for ETT positioning and
provide similar support for clinical decision-making.

Both devices target the same user population, focus on the chest as the anatomical region of
interest, utilize chest X-rays (CXR) as the data acquisition protocol, support notifications as a
parallel workflow tool, and use DICOM format for images. They also employ similar artificial
intelligence algorithms for analyzing images. Regarding interference with standard workflow,
neither device removes or deprioritizes cases from the workflow.

EFAI ETTXR has minor technical differences compared to the predicate device. The predicate
device provides preview images within their notification while the proposed device provides
notification as a text based JSON file. However, both devices are designed to provide case-level
outputs for triage and prioritization purposes and intended to be used in conjunction with full
images, thus no new risks or safety issues arise.


10.   Conclusion

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, the EFAI ETTXR raises no new
questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in
terms of safety, efficacy, and performance.


EFAI ETTXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          6