April 16, 2025
LARALAB GmbH
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K242500
    Trade/Device Name: LARALAB
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 22, 2025
    Received: March 24, 2025

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242500 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K242500 - John Smith                                                                Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242500
Device Name
LARALAB
Indications for Use (Describe)
LARALAB enables visualization, assessment and measurement of cardiovascular structures for:
- Preprocedural planning and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and surgery
- Postprocedural image review
To facilitate the above, LARALAB provides general functionality such as:
- Automatic segmentation of cardiovascular structures and other objects of interest (calcifications)
- Automatic measurements
- Manual measurement and adjustment tools
- Visualization and image reconstruction techniques: Multiplanar Reconstruction (MPR), Surface
rendering
- Reporting tools
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242500


510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.


Submitter

      Name:             LARALAB GmbH

        Address:              Herzog-Heinrich-Str.13, 80336 Munich, Germany

       Contact Person:         Julian Bernard

       Phone Number:      +49 152 28821761

        Email Address:         julian.bernard@laralab.de


Preparation Date           March 19, 2025


Device Information

       Trade Name:        LARALAB

     Common Name:     LARALAB

         Classification:         Medical image management and processing system

        Regulation Number:    21 CFR § 892.2050

       Product Code:       QIH

       Device Class:          Class II

        510(k) Number:      K242500


Predicate Device

       Device Name:        3mensio Workstation

        510(k) Number:       K153736

        Manufacturer:          Pie Medical Imaging B.V.


                                                                                                     Page 1/

Device Description
LARALAB is a stand-alone software developed to enable cardiologists, radiologists, heart surgeons and
healthcare professionals (“Users”) to import, view and process Medical Images. In particular, the software
generates pre-calculated automatic segmentations and measurements based on  deterministic Deep
Learning Algorithms. Based on the output of the Deep Learning Algorithms, the User is able to further
visualize, assess and measure (“Case Planning”) various anatomical structures of the heart in the context of
cardiovascular procedures (e.g., TAVR) such as heart valves, heart chambers, cardiac tissue and vessels, as
well as such vessels and tissue relevant as access routes.

Intended Use
LARALAB is a software application that is intended to provide cardiologists, radiologists, heart surgeons and
healthcare professionals additional information to aid them in reading and interpreting DICOM compliant
medical images of structures of the heart and vessels. LARALAB enables the user to make:

Visualizations, assessments and measurements (e.g. splines, distances, angulation, volumes) of structures of
the heart and vessels, including such vascular structures relevant as access routes in the context of
cardiovascular procedures.

Indications for Use
LARALAB enables visualization, assessment and measurement of cardiovascular structures for:

    -   Preprocedural planning and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and surgery
    -   Postprocedural image review

To facilitate the above, LARALAB provides general functionality such as:

    -   Automatic segmentation of cardiovascular structures and other objects of interest (calcifications)
    -   Automatic measurements
    -  Manual measurement and adjustment tools
    -   Visualization and image reconstruction techniques: Multiplanar Reconstruction (MPR), Surface
        rendering
    -   Reporting tools

Technological Characteristics Comparison
LARALAB is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, 3mensio Workstation (K153736). Both devices
share the same general intended use and similar indications for use, focusing on the visualization and
measurement of cardiovascular structures. While LARALAB introduces new features, such as cloud-based
access and automatic preprocessing through deep learning algorithms, these differences do not raise new
questions of safety or effectiveness. Both devices enable automatic image segmentation for which the
output is user reviewed and adapted  if needed. The predicate device offers additional functionality for
assessing coronary arteries.


                     Subject Device                          Predicate Device                   Comparison

Device            LARALAB                           3mensio Workstation                   /

Product Code       QIH                                 LLZ                                        Similar, the subject
                                                                                                device implements
                                                                                                                                       artificial intelligence
                                                                                                         including nonadaptive


                                                                                                     Page 2/

machine learning
                                                                                                         algorithms.

Classification         Medical image management and         Medical image management and      Same.
                     processing system                      processing system

Regulation Number   21 CFR § 892.2050                         21 CFR § 892.2050                  Same.

Intended Use       LARALAB is a software application that   3mensio Workstation is a software    While minor textual
                              is intended to provide cardiologists,       solution that is intended to provide     differences exist, the
                         radiologists, heart surgeons and           cardiologists, radiologists and clinical   intended uses of the two
                      healthcare professionals additional        specialists additional information to    devices are otherwise the
                      information to aid them in reading and    aid them in reading and interpreting    same.
                        interpreting DICOM compliant medical  DICOM compliant medical images of
                   images of structures of the heart and      structures of the heart and vessels.
                        vessels.                            3mensio Structural Heart enables the
                 LARALAB enables the user to make:      user to:
                         -    Visualizations, assessments       -      Visualize and measure
                           and measurements (e.g.,                 (diameters, lengths, areas,
                                diameters, lengths, areas,              volumes, angles) structures
                             volumes, angles) of                       of the heart and vessels
                                 structures of the heart and        -     Quantify calcium (volume,
                                  vessels, including such                   density)
                                vascular structures relevant        3mensio Vascular enables the
                               as access routes in the                  user to:
                               context of cardiovascular         -      Visualize and assess
                              procedures.                                stenosis, aneurysms and
                                                                         vascular structures
                                                             -     Measure the dimensions
                                                                            of vessels (diameters,
                                                                              lengths, areas, volumes,
                                                                           angles)

Indications for Use   The LARALAB software enables         3mensio Workstation enables           Substantially the same.
                         visualization, assessment and              visualization and measurement of      Both devices are indicated
                  measurement of cardiovascular           structures of the heart and vessels      for use in preprocedural
                       structures for:                                  for:                                   planning and
                         -    Preprocedural planning and       -      Pre-operational planning     postprocedural
                                    sizing for cardiovascular               and sizing for              assessment of structural
                                 interventions and surgery                cardiovascular               heart interventions.
                         -    Postprocedural image                    interventions and surgery    The predicate device also
                             review                         -      Postoperative evaluation     supports clinical diagnosis
                                                             -     Support of clinical         by quantifying
                                                                         diagnosis by quantifying      calcifications and
                                                                  dimensions in coronary      quantifying dimensions in
                                                                                 arteries                    coronary arteries. In order
                                                             -     Support of clinical            to provide these functions,
                                                                         diagnosis by quantifying     the predicate device
                                                                                  calcified plaques (calcium    supports a wider range of
                                                                            scoring) in the coronary     viewing functionality (e.g.,
                                                                                 arteries                  volume rendering and
                                                                                                   other general visualization
                                                   To facilitate the above, the 3mensio    and image reconstruction
                  To facilitate the above, LARALAB                                                          Workstation provides general          techniques) than the
                     provides general functionality such as:                                                                     functionality such as:                   subject device.
                         -    Automatic segmentation of                                                              -     Segmentation of          The additional quantifying
                                cardiovascular structures                                                                          cardiovascular structures   function for the evaluation
                           and other objects of interest                                                              -     Automatic and manual      of calcifications and
                                     (calcifications)                                                                              centerline detection        coronary artery
                         -    Automatic measurements                                                              -      Visualization and image    dimensions and additional
                         -   Manual measurement and                                                                          reconstruction             general visualization and
                              adjustment tools                                                                          techniques: 2D review,     image reconstruction
                         -    Visualization and image                                                           Volume Rendering, MPR,   techniques are not


                                                                                                     Page 3/

reconstruction techniques:              Curved MPR, Stretched     necessary for the subject
                                Multiplanar Reconstruction             CMRP, Slabbing, MWP,     device to perform as
                              (MPR), Surface rendering, 4D             ALP, MiniP                intended and not including
                            views                           -     Measurement and         those functions does not
                         -    Reporting tools                           annotation tools           impact the performance of
                                                              -      Reporting tools            the subject device or the
                                                                                                                           ability to use the subject
                                                                                                device as intended.


Software Access     Cloud based. The LARALAB software      Traditional client install. 3mensio is a   Although the subject
                      includes cloud-based and related          traditional software package, to be     device is cloud-based and
                      cybersecurity functionality for cloud-      installed on a specific computer.       the predicate device is a
                   based devices, including:                                                               traditional software
                         -    User authentication                                             package that needs to be
                         -    Data encryption                                                             installed on a specific
                             (HTTPS/SSL) in transit and at                                      computer, this difference
                                   rest                                                                             in application access does
                         -    Encrypted data storage                                             not impact the intended
                         -    Third party cloud services                                        use or the performance of
                              compliant with security                                              the device, which remain
                              standards                                                                 substantially equivalent.
                                                                                Any risks related to
                                                                                                  accessing the application
                                                                                                                      in the cloud that do not
                                                                                                                 exist for a specific
                                                                                      computer installation are
                                                                                                                            fully mitigated by the
                                                                                                    cybersecurity functionality
                                                                                                          of the subject device.
                                                                                                      Therefore, these minor
                                                                                                        differences do not raise
                                                                                                                different questions of
                                                                                                         safety or effectiveness.

Import of patient          -   Upload from local device           -    Import from local device    Both devices offer similar
data                                                           -    Import from PACS          import/upload functions.
                                                                                      The limited difference is
                                                                                   due to the cloud-based
                                                                                                  nature of the subject
                                                                                                       device, which requires that
                                                                                                           patient data be uploaded,
                                                                                                 as opposed to directly
                                                                                                  importing data from a
                                                                             PACS system, into the local
                                                                                                    predicate device.

DICOM Support           -   CT data in DICOM format           -   CT data in DICOM format     Similar. Predicate device
                              (vendor independent)                  (vendor independent)        offer additional
                         -   Upload DICOM files               -    Import DICOM files           functionality for ultrasound
                                                               -   DICOM compliance for      images.
                                                                     CT, Ultrasound images

Data privacy              -    Data de-identification before       -    Data de-identification       Data privacy is effectively
                             upload (Protected Health                                            the same between the
                               Information (PHI) can                                                 subject and predicate
                              completely be removed and                                           devices. For both devices
                           does not leave the client or                                              patient data is dehospital)                                                                    identified and no protected
                                                                                                       health information leaves
                                                                                                   the facility (either because
                                                                                                                                                                         it is removed before the
                                                                                                 data is uploaded, as in the
                                                                                                      subject device, or because

                                                                                                     Page 4/

the data remains on site, as
                                                                                                                      in the predicate device).

Data management         -    Study list overview                -    Study list overview         Same.
functionality              -    Deleting                          -    Deleting
                         -    Search                           -    Search
                         -    Sorting                           -    Sorting
                         -    Export                           -    Export

Automatic analyses   Automatic processing generating:        Automatic segmentation toolset:       Both devices include
                         -    Volumetric segmentations of       -    Automatic segmentations    automated segmentation
                                cardiovascular structures           -    Automatic centerline         functionality and both
                            based on deterministic Deep                                        devices include the option
                               Learning algorithms                                                        for the physician to review
                         -   Measurements (e.g. splines,                                          the segmentation. There
                                 distances, angulation,                                                are slight differences
                             volumes)                                                  between the underlying
                         -   Assessments containing                                           automatic analysis
                             Automatic Pre-calculated                                         concepts between the
                            views                                                                 devices. Specifically, the
                                                                                                      subject device provides
                                                                                                   the user with precalculated
                                                                                         segmentations/measurem
                                                                                                 ents/assessments, which
                                                                                                   the user can
                                                                                                  review/adjust/approve.
                                                                                                                Alternatively, the predicate
                                                                                                device includes automated
                                                                                    and manual steps.
                                                                                      However, in both cases,
                                                                                                   the type of information
                                                                                                outputted by the device is
                                                                                                                     identical.

Image Assessment        -    Length measurement              -    Length measurement         Similar. Predicate device
Tools                    -    Spline/diameter                   -    Spline/diameter              offers additional
                          measurement                       measurement                 functionality for coronary
                         -    Angle Measurement               -    Angle measurement          artery assessment.
                         -   Volume measurements            -   Volume measurements
                         -   Zoom / Pan / Rotation /            -   Zoom / Pan / Rotation /
                         Windowing tools                   Windowing tools
                         -    Markers / Annotation tool          -    Markers / Annotation tool
                         -   C-arm angulation calculation       -   C-Arm angulation
                                                                             calculation

                                                                     Additional tools for vascular
                                                                    assessment:
                                                               -    Calcium scoring for
                                                                 assessment of calcium in
                                                                       the aortic root
                                                               -    Calcium scoring for
                                                                 assessment of calcium in
                                                                       the coronary arteries
                                                               -    Segmentation and analysis
                                                                            of coronary artery tree
                                                                            centerline

Visualizations          2D                            2D                                   Similar. Predicate device
                         -    Multiplanar Reconstruction         -    Multiplanar                   offers additional
                            (MPR)                                  Reconstruction (MPR)         functionality for image
                         -    Coloured overlays (of              -   Maximum intensity          assessment.
                           segmented objects)                      projection (MIP)


                                                                                                     Page 5/

-    Minimum-intensity
                    3D                                            projection (MinIP)
                         -    Surface rendering                 -    AveIP
                                                               -   Curved (CPR) crosscurved, stretched Planar
                                                                   Reformation
                                                 3D
                                                               -   MIP volume rendering
                                                               -    Color volume rendering
                                                               -    Grayscale volume
                                                                       rendering

Storage and Export        -    Session state                     -    Session state              Same.
of Results                -    Report in PDF format              -    Report in PDF format

System Outputs           -   Case Planning results, incl.:         -   Case Planning results, incl.:  Same.
                              -   Measurements                   -   Measurements
                              -    Screenshots                     -    Screenshots
                              -   Assessments                    -   Assessments


The subject and the predicate device have the same intended use and similar indications, technological
characteristics and  principles  of  operation,  there  are  only  limited  technological  differences. These
differences do not alter the intended use of the application nor do they raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness. Both the subject and predicate device generate the same type of measurements and have
been directly compared against one another to demonstrate comparable performance (see performance
data). The provided detailed comparison demonstrates the subject device is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.

Performance Data
Comprehensive performance testing was conducted, including the evaluation of automatic pre-calculated
segmentations and measurements against reference ground-truth values obtained by expert clinicians with
the predicate device. The results showed high accuracy and agreement with the predicate device, meeting
all predefined acceptance criteria. The performance tests included statistical methods such as Bland-Altman
analysis and intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) calculations, confirming the reliability and consistency of
LARALAB's measurements.

Cohort Characteristics
The performance testing was based on a multi-centric observational cohort study involving a total of 60
patient datasets. The cohort was evenly divided among patients indicated for aortic, mitral, and tricuspid
valve interventions, with each comprising 33.3% of the cohort. The age range of the studied cohort was 62-
97 years, with 45% male subjects. The cohort included CT scans from different CT manufacturers and
covered imaging parameters such as different slice thickness and contrast enhancement. No datasets were
included that were used for training the deep learning models.

Testing Methodology
The accuracy of automatic pre-calculated segmentations was evaluated using Dice score, Mean Surface
Distance (MSD), and 95th percentile Hausdorff distance (95% HD) metrics. The segmentations covered
various cardiovascular structures, including the left atrium (LA), left ventricle (LV), right atrium (RA), right
ventricle (RV) and others. The accuracy of automatic pre-calculated measurements was assessed using
Bland-Altman analysis, which evaluated the mean bias and 95% limits of agreement between LARALAB’s
measurements and the ground-truth measurements. The intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was also
calculated to assess the consistency between the manual measurements (ground truth) generated with the
predicate device by the clinical experts.


                                                                                                     Page 6/

Results
Segmentations: The Dice score analysis demonstrated that LARALAB achieved high accuracy in segmenting
primary cardiovascular structures, with Dice scores ranging from 0.89 to 0.98 for major structures such as
the LA, LV, RV, and RA. Secondary and tertiary structures also met the predefined acceptance criteria.

Measurements: Bland-Altman analysis showed that the agreement between LARALAB's automatic precalculated measurements and ground-truth measurements was within the predefined acceptance criteria
for all assessed parameters. The ICC values were above 0.75 for all measurements, indicating excellent
agreement between the clinical experts’ manual measurements. The study concluded that LARALAB’s
automatic pre-calculated segmentations and measurements are as accurate and reliable as those obtained
using the predicate device. Overall, comparable performance was achieved on  all  variability factors
including geographic location, scanners, slice thickness, age, and gender.

Limitations: This device has only been tested on patients aged 62 years and older.

Cybersecurity Testing
An external cybersecurity assessment, including penetration testing, was successfully completed to evaluate
the system’s security posture. No medium or high-risk vulnerabilities were identified, and a strong overall
security posture with no critical issues was confirmed. The testing was conducted in accordance with the
FDA guidance document Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions.

Conclusion
The performance data and substantial equivalence comparison demonstrate that LARALAB is as safe and
effective as the predicate device for its intended use. Therefore, LARALAB is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device, raising no new questions of safety or effectiveness.


                                                                                                     Page 7/