February 20, 2025
Caristo Diagnostics Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004


Re: K242240
    Trade/Device Name: CaRi-Plaque
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: July 30, 2024
    Received: January 16, 2025

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have
determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally
marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical
Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,
therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your
product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k)
Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm
identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for
annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you,
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to
additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal
Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance
documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an
Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820),
which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242240 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket
review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and
production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21
CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a
determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations
administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to:
registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4,
Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21
CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions
(Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are
required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule
requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR
801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be
formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that
certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830
Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-deviceidentification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For
questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report-medicaldevice-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuingeducation/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask
a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more
information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                     Sincerely,


                                                                                                                                                , for
                                                      Jessica Lamb
                                                    Assistant Director
                                     DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                                 Devices and Electronic Products
                                      OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                                  Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                                Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                       Food and Drug Administration                                                                                            Expiration Date: 0713112026
                   Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K242240
Device Name
CaRi-Plaque


Indications for Use (Describe)

CaRi-Plaque is intended to provide an optimized non-invasive application to analyze coronary anatomy and
pathology and aid in determining treatment paths from a set of Computed Tomography (CT) Angiographic
images.

CaRi-Plaque is a web-based image processing application. It is a non-invasive diagnostic reading software
intended for use as an interactive tool for viewing and analyzing cardiac CT data for determining the
presence and extent of coronary plaques and luminal stenoses.

CaRi-Plaque is intended for use by internal operators who have been appropriately trained in the software's
functions, capabilities and limitations.

Users should be aware that certain views make use of interpolated data. This is data that is created by the
software based on the original data set. Interpolated data may give the appearance of healthy tissue in
situations where pathology may be present that is near or smaller than the scanning resolution.

The analysis results produced by the software and provided to the Healthcare Professional are not intended
to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical practitioner. The analysis results should be reviewed
with other clinical information which may include but is not limited to: The patient's original CT images,
clinical history, symptoms, clinical risk factors, results of other diagnostic tests, and the clinical judgement
of appropriately qualified Healthcare Professionals.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   0 Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                            Page 1 of 1                                                  PSC Publishin& Service$ (301) 443-6740   EF

K242240


                                         510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Caristo’s CaRi-Plaque

Submitter and 510(k) Owner

Caristo Diagnostics
New Barclay House
234 Botley Road
Oxford, OX2 0HP
United Kingdom

Official Correspondent

John Smith
Partner, Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington DC 20004
Telephone: +1 202 637 3638
E-mail: john.smith@hoganlovells.com


Date of Preparation:   February 11, 2025

Name of Device:       CaRi-Plaque

Classification Name:    Radiological Image Processing System

Regulatory Class:       Class II

Product Code:          LLZ

Regulation:           21 CFR §892.2050

Predicate Device:      Autoplaque 3.0 (K212758, Cedars-Sinai Medical Center)

Reference Device:      CaRiCloud v1.0 (K200274, Caristo Diagnostics)

Device Description
CaRi-Plaque v1.0 (“CaRi-Plaque,” the subject device) is a web-based software-only application for the
quantitative and qualitative clinical analysis of previously acquired CCTA DICOM data for the purpose of
characterizing and quantifying plaque formation and stenosis in coronary arteries. CaRi-Plaque aids
healthcare professionals trained in cardiovascular health and patient care (including but not limited to
Cardiologists, Radiologists and others) by describing the physical characteristics of coronary plaque volume
and cross- sectional area, determined using a combination of 3D image thresholding computerized
algorithms and manual editing tools to provide automated quantification and characterization of coronary
atherosclerotic plaque and stenosis. The processing of CT scan data is performed by trained operators and
the resulting CaRi-Plaque Report is provided to the healthcare professional to enable them to assess the
extent and severity of coronary disease.

The CaRi-Plaque report includes visual representations of each vessel and associated quantitative outputs.
These quantitative outputs include: Plaque Burden, Calcified Plaque (CP) Volume, Total Plaque
                                            1

Volume, Noncalcified Plaque (NCP) Volume, Low Density Noncalcified Plaque (LD-NCP) Volume, Remodeling
Index, and Maximum Stenosis. CaRi-Plaque does not replace standard clinical practice or clinical decisionmaking, and the results of the CaRi-Plaque analysis are to be used in the context of other patient information
by the healthcare professional. The healthcare professional may request a re-analysis of the CT scan data if
they do not agree with the report analysis.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
CaRi-Plaque is intended to provide an optimized non-invasive application to analyze coronary anatomy and
pathology and aid in determining treatment paths from a set of Computed Tomography (CT) Angiographic
images.

CaRi-Plaque is a web-based image processing application. It is a non-invasive diagnostic reading software
intended for use as an interactive tool for viewing and analyzing cardiac CT data for determining the
presence and extent of coronary plaques and luminal stenoses.

CaRi-Plaque is intended for use by internal operators who have been appropriately trained in the software’s
functions, capabilities and limitations.

Users should be aware that certain views make use of interpolated data. This is data that is created by  the
software based on the original data set. Interpolated data may give the appearance of healthy tissue in
situations where pathology may be present that is near or smaller than the scanning resolution.

The analysis results produced by the software and provided to the Healthcare Professional are not intended
to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical practitioner. The analysis results should be reviewed
with other clinical information which may include but is not limited to: The patient’s original CT images,
clinical history, symptoms, clinical risk factors, results of other diagnostic tests, and the clinical judgement
of appropriately qualified Healthcare Professionals.

Comparison to the Predicate Device

The overall intended use for CaRi-Plaque is the same as the predicate device: both devices are intended to
process radiological images and provide measurements of anatomical components in those images.
Furthermore, the subject device’s indications for use statement is similar to the predicate device. Both
devices are indicated to provide an optimized non-invasive application to analyze coronary anatomy and
pathology from CT angiographic images, to provide a post-processing tool for viewing and analyzing cardiac
CT data for determining the presence and extent of coronary plaques and luminal stenosis, and to provide
analysis results to aid in the determination of treatment paths by the healthcare professional, in conjunction
with other patient data. Additionally, both devices are indicated for use by trained operators.

The differences in indications for use between the subject device and predicate device do not cause the
subject device to have a different overall intended use. In particular, the location of use for the software
operator differs, as CaRi-Plaque is indicated as a web-based application that can be operated off-site with
imaging data transmitted via web-based software, while the predicate device is indicated as a workstationbased desktop device for use at clinical sites. However, for both devices the final analysis results are
indicated to be provided to a healthcare professional for use at a clinical location. Therefore, the indicated
recipients and locations of application of the final device output are the same for both devices. Of note,
the location of use and workflow of the CaRi-Plaque software is the same as the


                                            2

CaRiCloud reference device – i.e., trained operators located in regional data centers use the software device
to perform an analysis and generate a report that is subsequently provided to a healthcare professional end
user.
Comparison of Technological Characteristics
The technology of CaRi-Plaque is similar to the predicate device (see Table 1). Both devices analyze CT
angiographic images for the presence and extent of coronary plaque and luminal stenosis. In addition, they
both require trained operators to perform the assessment. Both devices provide equivalent quantitative
measurements in a report to the healthcare professional after completing the analysis. These reports are
intended to be reviewed by the healthcare professional and used in conjunction with other patient
information, such as the original CT images, clinical history, symptoms, clinical risk factors, results of other
diagnostic tests, and the clinical judgement of the ordering prescriber. Both devices have demonstrated
agreement between clinical expert readers and software measurements in clinical performance testing and
have demonstrated appropriate inter-operator and intra-operator agreement.

There are three key technological differences between the subject device and the predicate. First, the
location of the DICOM image data is different: The CaRi-Plaque Cloud software is web-based and receives
DICOM images via transmittal by a secure picture archiving and communication system (PACS), while the
AutoPlaque predicate software resides on a commercial computer platform at the clinical site and receives
DICOM image data via loading from the local computer hard drive. Second, the location of the trained
software operator may be different: The subject device operator can be at a remote site, while  the
predicate device operator is at the clinical site on a desktop computer. For both devices, the software
operators are trained to review anatomy, define and correct the vessels of interest and generate a report.
In both cases, the healthcare professional end user can repeat (or request the repeat of) the analysis if
needed. The third difference is that the methods of developing segmentation and plaque calculation
algorithms differ for the subject versus the predicate device, as the subject device uses threshold-based
segmentation while the predicate device uses machine learning to train the algorithms. This technological
methodology difference does not raise questions of differences in safety or effectiveness because the
algorithms of both devices are intended to accomplish the same indicated uses and were verified and
validated using the same clinical testing approach in which device outputs are compared to expertdetermined ground truth. Furthermore, as discussed below in the Performance Testing section, the CaRiPlaque software met all acceptance criteria in the clinical validation study, showing an excellent correlation
between CaRi-Plaque measurements and ground truth by expert readers for the same endpoints that the
predicate device used in its clinical performance testing.

Therefore, the minor technological differences between the subject and predicate device do not raise
different questions of safety or effectiveness.


                                            3

Table 1. Technology Comparison to Predicate

            Parameter                         CaRi-Plaque               Autoplaque 3.0 (K212758)
                                                 Subject Device                    Predicate Device
Computer Operating System               Client-side Google Chrome       Windows / Mac OS
                                          application
Stand-alone software                   Yes                       Same
DICOM Compliance                 DICOM 3                   Same
2D Imaging                         Review of coronary vessels in 2D  Same
                               MPR, curved MPR, and
                                         straightened view.
2D Measurement                  2D measurement tools of vessel   Same
                                      diameter and contour
3D Imaging                         Review of structures in 3D       Same
Maximum intensity projection (MIP)     N/A; this visualization method is  MIP with interactive control
                                    not necessary analyzing the
                                     presence and extent of coronary
                                      plaque and luminal stenosis
Multiplanar reformatting (MPR)       MPR with oblique slicing.      MPR with oblique slicing and
                                        Variable slab thickness is not      variable slab thickness
                                      necessary analyzing the
                                     presence and extent of coronary
                                      plaque and luminal stenosis
Quantitative Measurements
Diameter stenosis: Maximum diameter   Yes                       Same
stenosis, with respect to proximal and
distal references
Total Plaque Volume                    Yes                       Same
Calcified Plaque Volume                 Yes                       Same
NCP volume: noncalcified plaque         Yes                       Same
volume
LD-NCP volume: low-density             Yes                       Same
noncalcified plaque volume
Vessel Volume                        No. This is calculated but not       Yes
                                       reported as a device output.
NCP burden: noncalcified plaque       No                             Yes
volume / analyzed vessel volume
LD-NCP burden: low-density         No                             Yes
noncalcified plaque volume / analyzed
vessel volume
CP burden: calcified plaque          No                             Yes
volume/analyzed vessel volume
Total plaque burden: total plaque        Yes                       Same
volume/analyzed vessel volume
Plaque composition NCP: noncalcified   No                             Yes
plaque composition (NCP volume /
total plaque volume)
Plaque composition CP: calcified      No                             Yes
plaque composition (CP volume / total
plaque volume)
Plaque composition LDNCP: low-       No                             Yes
density noncalcified plaque


                                           4

Parameter                         CaRi-Plaque               Autoplaque 3.0 (K212758)
                                                  Subject Device                    Predicate Device
 composition (LD-NCP volume / NCP
 volume)
 QCAD: Maximum diameter stenosis       Yes, refers to a single reference    Yes, refers to proximal and distal
                                                  site                              references
 Remodeling index: ratio of maximum     Yes                       Same
 vessel area / proximal and distal
 references
 Area stenosis: maximum area stenosis,    Yes                       Same
 with respect to proximal and distal
 references
 Plaque length: diseased vessel length     No. This is calculated but not       Yes
                                        reported as a device output.
 Contrast density difference: maximum    No; not used as a common        Yes
 difference in contrast density over       reference standard
 lesion with respect to proximal
 MLD: minimal luminal dimeter over      No. This is calculated but not       Yes
  lesion                                  reported as a device output.
 MLA: minimum luminal area over       No                             Yes
  lesion
 Vessel profile: area, maximum          Yes                       Same
 diameter, minimum diameter
 measured from selected vessel cross
 section
 Lumen profile: area, maximum          Yes                       Same
 diameter, minimum diameter
 measured from selected lumen cross
 section
  Vessel, plaque, and lumen                Yes- semi-automatic (threshold-    Yes- semi-automatic (deep
 segmentation                       based segmentation with full      learning based with full option to
                                       option to edit); output             edit)
                                    demonstrated to meet predetermined acceptance criteria
                                                in clinical performance study

Performance Testing
The 510(k) submission provided performance data to establish the substantial equivalence of CaRi-Plaque
(the subject device) to the predicate device. A summary of these performance tests is provided below.

Software Verification and Validation:
Software verification and validation testing were conducted to demonstrate that the subject device meets
specifications and works as intended.
Clinical Validation Study:
A clinical performance test was conducted to compare plaque characteristics reported with CaRi-Plaque to
ground truth determined by qualified independent medical experts. The study determined the degree of
consistency between plaque characteristics reported by CaRi-Plaque and independent medical expert
readers using a multi-center, international patient population in 117 subjects (85 men, 32 women) aged 27
to 85 years of age from four (4) sites (2 US and 2 OUS). Individual subject-level ethnicity was collected at
two of the four study sites. This gave the following breakdown for 57 subjects: White 76%, Asian 4%,


                                            5

Middle Eastern 1%, other 14%, and unknown 5%. For the two remaining sites, ethnicity was estimated from
 local population census data (www.census.gov). This gave the following breakdown for the first site (48
 subjects): White (not Hispanic or Latino) 44%, Black 22%, Hispanic or Latino 27%, and Asian 5%; and for the
 second site (12 subjects): White (not Hispanic or Latino) 46%, Black 19%, Hispanic or Latino 26%, and Asian
 13%. The CT scanners to collect images included commercial CT scanners from Toshiba, GE, Phillips, and
 Siemens. Qualified independent medical experts performed ground truthing.

The study established agreement between the expert readers and the CaRi-Plaque device measurements for
Maximum Stenosis, Total Plaque Volume, Calcified Plaque Volume and Noncalcified Plaque Volume using the
acceptance criteria of Pearson Correlation Coefficients for each metric. Agreement was also reported for
Plaque Burden, Low Density Noncalcified Plaque Volume and Remodeling Index. The Pearson Correlation
Coefficients for Maximum Stenosis, Total Plaque Volume, Calcified Plaque Volume, Noncalcified Plaque
Volume, Plaque Burden and Low Density Noncalcified Plaque Volume were 0.930, 0.985, 0.999, 0.977, 0.885,
0.817, respectively. These results met the predetermined acceptance criteria. Remodeling Index was
assessed using Cohen’s Kappa with an agreement of 63.3% (K = 0.42). Subgroup analysis by vessel, sex and
age did not reveal any bias in performance.

Agreement between the expert readers and the CaRi-Plaque device measurements at the branch level were
reported using Pearson Correlation Coefficients (or Cohen’s Kappa for remodeling index). For RCA, R-PDA
and R-PLB: Maximum Stenosis, Total Plaque Volume, Calcified Plaque Volume, Noncalcified Plaque Volume,
Plaque Burden, Low Density Noncalcified Plaque Volume and Remodeling Index were 0.863, 0.958, 0.964,
0.953, 0.924, 0.633, 90.3% (K=0.31), respectively. For LAD, D1, D2 and Ramus: Maximum Stenosis, Total
Plaque Volume, Calcified Plaque Volume, Noncalcified Plaque Volume, Plaque Burden, Low Density
Noncalcified Plaque Volume and Remodeling Index were 0.929, 0.959, 0.997, 0.942, 0.913, 0.802, 87.2%
(K=0.44), respectively. For LCX, OM1 and OM2: Maximum Stenosis, Total Plaque Volume, Calcified Plaque
Volume, Noncalcified Plaque Volume, Plaque Burden and Remodeling Index were 0.911, 0.948, 0.991, 0.934,
0.888, 0.633, 90.3% (K=0.31), respectively. There was insufficient low density non-calcified plaque in the LCX,
OM1 and OM2 to generate a meaningful correlation.

Additionally, there was good inter-operator agreement and repeatability at the branch level within the CaRiPlaque device arm and between readers in the Ground Truth arm.


 Conclusion
 The information provided above supports that CaRi-Plaque is as safe and effective as the predicate device.
 The device has the same intended use as the predicate device, and minor differences in indications for use
 do not alter the intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness. In addition, the
 minor technological differences between the devices do not raise different questions of safety or
 effectiveness, and they are addressed through software verification and validation testing and a clinical
 validation study. Therefore, CaRi-Plaque is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                             6