Orthofix Srl
Elvira Taccarelli
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Via delle Nazioni, 9
Bussolengo, VR 37012
Italy                                                                December 19, 2024

Re: K242270
    Trade/Device Name: OrthoNext Platform System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 19, 2024
    Received: November 19, 2024

Dear Elvira Taccarelli:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242270 - Elvira Taccarelli                                                            Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the

K242270 - Elvira Taccarelli                                                            Page  3


Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242270

Device Name
OrthoNext™ Platform System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The OrthoNext™ Platform System is indicated for assisting healthcare professionals in preoperative planning of
orthopedic surgery and post-operative planning of orthopedic treatment. The device allows for overlaying of Orthofix
Product templates on radiological images, and includes tools for performing measurements on the image and for
positioning the template. Clinical judgments and experience are required to properly use the software.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K242270

                                                                                   Page 1 of 9


              ORTHONEXTTM PLATFORM SYSTEM

                          510(k) SUMMARY

Submitter information

 Company Name:                Orthofix S.r.l.

 Address                        Via Delle Nazioni, 9
                            37012 Bussolengo (VR) - Italy

 Telephone                  +39 045 6719000
 Fax                        +39 045 6719380


 Contact Person                    Elvira Taccarelli
                                Regulatory Affairs Manager
 Address                        Via Delle Nazioni, 9
                            37012 Bussolengo (VR) - Italy

 Telephone                  +39 045 6719000
 Fax                        +39 045 6719380
 Email address                     elvirataccarelli@orthofix.it
 Date prepared                 2024, November 19th


Trade Name, Common Name, Classification

 Trade Name:                          OrthoNextTM Platform System
 Classification Regulation Number:       21 CFR 892.2050
 Regulation name:                      Medical image management and processing system.
 Review Panel:                          Radiology
 Product Code:                      QIH
 Device Class:                              Class II
 Device Classification Name             Automated radiological image processing software


Primary Predicate

 Primary Predicate                        510(k) Number                 Manufacturer
 OrthoNextTM Platform System                K202519                    Orthofix S.r.l.


Reference device

 Reference Device                        510(k) Number                 Manufacturer
 Orthofix TrueLok Hexapod System (TLK170650                    Orthofix S.r.l.
 HEX) V2.0

Page 2 of 9


Device description         The subject OrthoNext™ Platform System is a web-based modular software system,
                             indicated for assisting healthcare professionals in planning of orthopedic surgery and
                           treatment both preoperatively and postoperatively, including deformity analysis and
                              correction with several Orthofix products.

                         The subject software system is intended for use by Healthcare Professionals (HCP),
                           with full awareness of the appropriate orthopedic procedures, in the operating theatre
                               only.

                         The subject software functions are intended to inform the HCP on orthopedic
                          procedure treatment planning when the Orthofix external or internal fixation systems
                            are used. These  functions are evidence-based  tools  that support HCP when
                             considering treatment digital planning options for a patient. The software functions
                       do not treat a patient or determine a patient’s treatment.
                         The software enables the HCP to import radiological images, display 2D views (frontal
                        and lateral) of the radiological images, overlay the positioning of the template and
                            simulate  the  treatment  plan  option,  and  to  generate  parameters  and/or
                        measurements to be verified or adjusted by the HCP based on their clinical judgment.

Indications for use         The OrthoNext™ Platform System is indicated for assisting healthcare professionals in
                            preoperative  planning  of  orthopedic  surgery and  post-operative  planning  of
                            orthopedic treatment. The device allows for overlaying of Orthofix Product templates
                       on radiological images, and includes tools for performing measurements on the image
                        and for positioning the template. Clinical judgments and experience are required to
                             properly use the software.

Comparison of            The following table provides a comparison of technological characteristics of the
Technological                subject and the primary predicate device. Any differences have been demonstrated to
Characteristics with the     not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness by virtue of objective
Predicate Device             evidence.

Page 3 of 9


Technological Characteristics      Subject Device                       Primary Predicate Device
                            OrthoNext™ Platform System        OrthoNext™ Platform System
                                                                  (K202519)
1.      Indications for use        The OrthoNext™ Platform system  is  The OrthoNext™ Platform system is
                                   indicated  for  assisting  healthcare   indicated  for  assisting  healthcare
                                   professionals in preoperative planning   professionals     in    preoperative
                                   of  orthopedic  surgery  and  post-  planning of orthopedic surgery. The
                                 operative  planning  of  orthopedic   device  allows  for  overlaying  of
                                 treatment.  The  device  allows  for   Orthofix  Product  templates  on
                                  overlaying   of   Orthofix   Product   radiological  images, and  includes
                                templates on radiological images, and   tools for performing measurements
                                   includes    tools    for   performing  on the image and for positioning the
                             measurements on the image and for  template.  Clinical  judgments and
                                   positioning  the  template.   Clinical  experience are required to properly
                              judgments   and   experience   are  use the software.
                                 required to properly use the software.  The OrthoNext™ Platform system is
                                                                   not to be used for mammography.
      Assessment: The subject indications for use include “post-operative planning of orthopedic treatment”, a
       feature already included in the scope of the reference device, without substantially changing the intended
      use of the device, which remains intended for assisting healthcare professionals in orthopedic procedure
       (surgery and treatment) planning. The difference in the type of treatment planning does not constitute a
     new intended use. The statement “The OrthoNext™ Platform system is not to be used for mammography”
       included in the original Indications for Use of the primary predicate device was not incorporated in the
       Indications for Use of the subject device because it was specifically addressed in a dedicated section of the
       Instructions for Use; as the primary predicate device, the subject device  is not to be used for
      mammography.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.

2.     Population to be treated   OrthoNext™  Platform System does  OrthoNext™ Platform System does
                               not directly interact with patients.      not directly interact with patients.
                                Software planning functionalities are  Software planning functionalities are
                                   applicable to patients that need pre-   applicable to patients that need preoperative orthopedic surgery planning   operative    orthopedic    surgery
                                 or     post-operative     orthopedic   planning.
                               treatment planning.
      Assessment: in comparison to the predicate device, the subject patient population explicitly includes
       patients needing postoperative orthopedic treatment planning, as in the reference device. The population
       that undergoes postoperative treatment  is the same (or a subgroup) of the population needing
       preoperative planning, thus it can be considered already included in the patient population of the primary
       predicate device.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.


3.      Principle of Operation      Principle of operation:                   Principle of operation:
                             • Importation medical images format  • Importation medical images format
                                     (x-ray images)                            (x-ray images)
                             • Processing tools                   • Processing tools
                             •  Measurements  and  parameters  • Measurements and parameters
                                    analysis tools                            analysis tools
                             • Surgical planning tools              • Surgical planning tools
                             •    Enable    software   modules  •   Enable   software   modules
                                  (preoperative and postoperative) for   (preoperative and postoperative) for
                                  overlaying template for simulation.     overlaying template for simulation.

Page 4 of 9


      Assessment: The subject device has the same principle of operation of the primary predicate. Equivalent -
      no significant new questions have been raised.


4.     Configuration and mode  Web-based: login is possible through  Web-based: login is possible through
       of access                  access to a website by username and   access to a website by username and
                              password     licensed    by    the  password    licensed    by    the
                                manufacturer.                        manufacturer.
                             The device is not incorporated into IT-  The device is not incorporated into
                               Networks.                             IT-Networks.
      Assessment: The configuration and mode of access of the subject device is the same as the predicate
       device.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.

5.     Supported devices        PC/Mac/Tablet                    PC/Mac
      Assessment: the main supported platforms are PC/Mac, as the primary predicate device. The subject
       device is also validated for use on a tablet: since the software is web-based, access is allowed via a login to
       the same web portal, independently from the platform used.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.


6.     Operating Systems       Windows  (Microsoft)   -  Minimum  Windows  (Microsoft)   - Minimum
                           Windows   10;  macOS   (Apple)    -  Windows  10;  macOS  (Apple)   -
                          Minimum macOS Big Sur (version 11);  Minimum macOS Big Sur (version 11)
                                 iPad (Apple) - Minimum 15.8
      Assessment: the supported operating systems are the same (Windows, macOS) in comparison to the
       primary predicate. The subject device is also validated for use on a tablet, thus also a dedicated operating
      system is included.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.


7.     Supported browsers      • Google Chrome v120  or  higher  • Google Chrome Browser Version 83
                             (Windows)                            or higher (Windows)
                             •  Microsoft Edge v121  or  higher  •  Microsoft Edge  Version 44  or
                             (Windows)                            higher (Windows)
                             • Firefox v122 or higher (Windows)     • Mozilla Firefox Version 77 or higher
                             • Safari 17.2 or higher (macOS)        (Windows)
                             • Mobile Safari 15.8 or higher (iPadOS)  • Safari Version 13 or higher (macOS)

                                               - Web  Graphics  Library  (WebGL)    - Web  Graphics  Library (WebGL)
                               enabled                            enabled
                            NOTE: Web Graphics Library (WebGL)  NOTE:  Web   Graphics   Library
                                        availability  and  minimum  screen  (WebGL) availability and minimum
                                   resolution are checked at login time in  screen  resolution  are checked  at
                                order to provide access to the SW.       login time in order to provide access
                                                                        to the SW.
      Assessment: The supported browsers are the same in comparison with the primary predicate, with updated
       versions. The subject device is also validated for use on a tablet, thus also a dedicated browser is included.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.

Page 5 of 9


8.     System requirements     Computer System Requirements       Computer System Requirements
                                   Display Settings: Screen Resolution of   Display Settings: Screen Resolution
                             1280 x 768 pixels or higher.             of 1280 x 768 pixels or higher.

                                   Internet Connection:                    Internet Connection:
                          Minimum     required      internet  Minimum     required     internet
                                   connectivity  speed  of  512  kbps   connectivity  speed  of  512  kbps
                          Recommended internet connectivity  Recommended internet connectivity
                              speed of 3 mbps or higher            speed of 3 mbps or higher
      Assessment: The subject device system requirements are identical to the primary predicate device.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.


9.    Image input             Can receive digital images in .png or  Can receive digital images in .png or
                                       .jpg format                                .jpg format
      Assessment: Subject device image input management is identical to the primary predicate device.
       Equivalent - no significant new questions have been raised.

Page 6 of 9


Performance Data          The following performance data were provided in support of substantial equivalence
                            determination.

                            Accuracy, Sensitivity and Specificity
                          OrthoNext Platform System software provides users with a set of tools that allow for
                        manual linear and angular measurements on X-ray images. The information derived
                         from the software must be clinically reviewed regarding its plausibility before use in
                               treating patients.

                            Accuracy: the overall accuracy of the system's measurements was verified under a
                             representative worst-case scenario. The following acceptance criteria have been met.
                            For measurements made using anatomical axes:
                               •   The mean error is 0.1 mm for linear measurements and 0.05 degrees for
                                    angular measurements.
                               •   The mean percentage error is 0.24% with a threshold of 0.27% (within the
                                  95th percentile) for linear measurements and 0.08% with a threshold of 1%
                                       (within the 95th percentile) for angular measurements.
                            For measurements made using mechanical axes:
                               •   The mean error is 0.4 mm for linear measurements and 0.06 degrees for
                                    angular measurements.
                               •   The mean percentage error is 1.73% with a threshold of 16.67% (within the
                                  95th percentile) for linear measurements and 0.28% with a threshold of
                                1.27% (within the 95th percentile) for angular measurements.

                                  Sensitivity: the sensitivity of the subject device is 1 mm for linear measurements and
                        1 degree for angular measurements.

                                  Specificity: since the device does not perform automated measurements, specificity is
                           not directly applicable in  this context. The subject device requires active user
                           involvement  for  each  measurement,  and  the  ability  to  perform  accurate
                        measurements relies entirely on the user’s expertise and clinical interpretation.

                                In addition, considerations on accuracy, specificity and sensitivity of the AI/ML
                            algorithm for the automatic marker detection have been included in the submission:
                               •   AI/ML Algorithm Accuracy: 0.8
                               •   AI/ML Algorithm Specificity (Precision): 1
                               •   AI/ML Algorithm Sensitivity (TPR): 0.75


                             Validation of Machine Learning derived outputs
                          Performance testing for the magnification marker detection algorithm was conducted
                             using 1000 X-ray images (see table below).

                          Acceptance Criteria: The goal was to achieve zero false positives in the test set of 1000
                             X-ray images, resulting in a precision of 1.

                              Training Set Composition: The training set included 1500 X-ray images with random
                            areas depicting magnification markers. The 1500 magnification marker have been
                         randomly overlaid on top of 4000 x-Ray images. Image augmentation techniques, such
                            as random rotations and brightness adjustments, generated 24000 unique X-ray
                            images.
                          Each synthetic image is unique, validated by a hash check, where if the hash of two
                          images shows a similarity > 90%, the image is discarded.

Page 7 of 9


Testing and Training Independence: The model was trained using synthetic images,
while the test set consisted of real X-ray images that were not used during training,
ensuring independence.

Equipment and Protocols: A study on the distribution of magnification marker
intensities produced the following results (0 = black; 255 = white).


        N° of Samples   Mean value [0-255]    Median Vaue [0-255]

           24000              190                  193


Clinical Subgroups Information: The focus of this model is solely on the magnification
marker; therefore, a statistical analysis and distribution of characteristics such as age,
sex, gender, and ethnicity are not applicable. Below  is the data regarding the
geometrical properties of the magnification marker for both the training and test
sets.
Training Set, Sample size = 24000.


                     Statistic                          Value

             Mean Diameter [px]                70

               Median Diameter [px]               71
             Mean Area [px2]                  4105
               Median Area [px2]                 3959

             Mean Brightness                  190

               Median Brightness                 193


Test Set, Sample size = 800; 200 images of the Test set didn’t depict a magnification
marker
                     Statistic                          Value

             Mean Diameter [px]                40.37

               Median Diameter [px]               42.23

                 Diameter Std. Deviation [px]         11.16
             Mean Area [px2]                  1377.48
               Median Area [px2]                1400.69
                 Area Std. Deviation [px2]            692.44

             Mean Brightness                  192

               Median Brightness                194


Performance Testing Summary:


                  Candidate Model – Threshold Value = 0.96

                   Precision                          1

                 Accuracy                              0.8

                  TPR/Recall                           0.75

               FPR                              0

                F1 Score                             0.86

Page 8 of 9


The candidate model produced the following statistics when evaluated on the ground
truth values of the Test Set:


   Intersection      Center MAE     Center MAPE     Radius MAE     Radius MAPE
  over Union (%)          (px)              (%)                (px)              (%)

      79             4.83            0.38            1.29            3


The 3% Radius MAPE (Mean Absolute Percentage Error), when evaluated on the mean
value and mean ± 1 standard deviation of the test set distribution, contributes to an
error of less than 1 mm.

Ground Truth Annotation Process: The truthing process was conducted by qualified
personnel, who carefully overlaid a circular shape on each magnification marker using
annotation software. A review and discard process has been implemented to ensure
the quality of the annotations.


Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing of the subject device OrthoNext™ Platform
System have been performed as outlined below to demonstrate equivalence in
function and safety in respect to its primary predicate device (K202519).

The subject device was developed following the requirements of international
standard ANSI AAMI IEC 62304:2006 + A1:2016 “Medical device software — Software
life cycle processes”, as the primary predicate device.

During the development of the subject device, the manufacturer performed software
verification testing according to the relevant FDA Guidances “Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions”, issued on June 14, 2023, and “General
Principles of Software Validation”, issued in January 2002, to ensure that the software
design output meets input of the subject OrthoNext™ Platform System and mitigates
the associated risks in the scope of its intended use.

A link between software Product Requirements (Customer requirements), Software
Requirements Specifications (SRS), identified hazard and mitigations, and Software
verification and validations testing  is provided for the subject device within the
Traceability Matrix of OrthoNext™ Platform System, as evidence of the correct and
complete implementation of the Software Requirements Specifications (SRS) and
Product Requirements.

Design  validation  activities  for the subject OrthoNext™ Platform System were
performed in accordance with the Design Validation Plan and Design Validation
Protocol, to establish that the software specifications conform to user needs and
intended use, confirming proper operation of the software in its actual or simulated
use environment.
Validation activities consisted of two different validation scenarios: the software
validation during the software testing activities and the “surgeons validation” to
confirm the fulfillment of the product to investigate use errors during simulated use,
according  to standard  IEC 62366-1 “Medical  devices-  Application  of  usability
engineering to medical devices”.
For software validation, each product requirement was related to the relevant
Software Requirements Specifications (SRS) / User story, to verify if users performed
each task. Based on the results presented, all the requirements defined as eligible for
user design validation have been satisfactorily tested.

Page 9 of 9


                           Software usability activities have been conducted at the same time, asking surgeons
                             to perform some specified tasks, answer to some questions in written form, navigate
                          through the software and inviting them to describe ease of use or concerns regarding
                              tasks they are invited to perform. Feedback has been collected in written form
                            together with the answers rating and was analyzed in the Summative Usability Report.

                           Given the overall analysis, Orthofix concluded that the design verification and
                               validation results are acceptable, and that the usability test gave objective evidence
                             that the device usability requirements are met as far as safety of the user interface of
                           the subject OrthoNext™ Platform System is concerned.

Conclusions               Based upon: intended use, conditions of use, patient population, basic software
                              design,  operating  principle,  and  non-clinical  performance  data,  the  subject
                         OrthoNext™ Platform System has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the
                                 legally marketed primary predicate device (K202519).