May 14, 2025


Cube Click, Inc.
℅ Meritxell Martinez
Project Manager and Regulatory Specialist
Innolitics
1101 West 34th St #550
AUSTIN, TX 78705


Re: K242437
    Trade/Device Name: Smile Dx®
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN, LLZ
    Dated: April 6, 2025
    Received: April 7, 2025


Dear Meritxell Martinez:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242437 - Meritxell Martinez                                                          Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242437 - Meritxell Martinez                                                          Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                               Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                               Assistant Director
                                            Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                             Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                           Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242437

Device Name
Smile Dx®


Indications for Use (Describe)
Smile Dx® is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software designed to aid dentists in the review of digital files of
bitewing and periapical radiographs of permanent teeth. It is intended to aid in the detection and segmentation of
suspected dental findings which include: caries, periapical radiolucencies (PARL), restorations, and dental anatomy.

Smile Dx® is also intended to aid dentists in the measurement (in millimeter and percentage measurements) of mesial and
distal bone levels associated with each tooth.

The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete dentist's review or their clinical judgment that takes into
account other relevant information from the image, patient history, and actual in vivo clinical assessment.

Smile Dx® supports both digital and phosphor sensors.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K242437


                                              510(k) Summary


1. CONTACT INFORMATION


 Company Name              Cube Click, Inc.

 Address                     105 East 34 Street, Suite 231, New York, NY 10016

 Phone Number                 +1.646.224.5908

 Company Representative        Richard Ricci, D.D.S, M.S., F.A.G.D, President, Cube Click

 Primary Correspondent(s)        Meritxell Martinez, Regulatory Specialist, Innolitics
                              Yujan Shrestha, MD, Partner and Co-Founder, Innolitics

 Primary Correspondent Email    fda@innolitics.com

 Date Prepared             May 13th, 2025

 Documentation Prepared Using   Innolitics Medtech OS Framework

2. DEVICE INFORMATION


 Trade Name                Smile Dx®

 Common Name              Computer-Assisted Detection Device

  Classification Name          Medical Image Analyzer

 Primary Product Code     MYN

 Primary Regulation Number  21 CFR 892.2070

 Secondary Product Code    LLZ

3. PRIMARY PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION


  Predicate Device Name       Overjet Caries Assist

  Predicate Device K Number  K212519

4. REFERENCE DEVICE(S) INFORMATION


  Predicate Device Name      Second Opinion


                                                                             1

510(k) Summary


  Predicate Device K Number  K210365

  Predicate Device Name       Overjet Dental Assist

  Predicate Device K Number  K210187

5. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Smile Dx® is a computer assisted detection (CADe) device indicated for use by licensed dentists
as an aid in their assessment of bitewing and periapical radiographs of secondary dentition in
adult patients. Smile Dx® utilizes machine learning to produce annotations for the following
findings:

   •    Caries

   •    Periapical radiolucencies

   •   Bone level measurements (mesial and distal)

   •   Normal anatomy (enamel, dentin, pulp, and bone)

   •    Restorations

6. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Smile Dx® is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software designed to aid dentists in the
review of digital files of bitewing and periapical radiographs of permanent teeth. It is intended to
aid in the detection and segmentation of suspected dental findings which include: caries,
periapical radiolucencies (PARL), restorations, and dental anatomy.

Smile Dx® is also intended to aid dentists in the measurement (in millimeter and percentage
measurements) of mesial and distal bone levels associated with each tooth.

The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete dentist's review or their clinical
judgment that takes into account other relevant information from the image, patient history, and
actual in vivo clinical assessment.

Smile Dx® supports both digital and phosphor sensors.

7. INTENDED PATIENT POPULATION

The intended patient population of Smile Dx® are patients that have permanent adult dentition
and are at least 22 years of age.


                                                                             2

510(k) Summary


8. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE SUMMARY

Smile Dx® is similar to the predicate device and reference devices in the following ways:

   •   Intended use: All devices are intended to be used to identify suspected areas of interest
        in intra-oral radiographs.

   •   Technology characteristics: All devices employ machine learning algorithms to output
        detections.

   •    Safety: As all devices are CADe and/or SaMD systems, and don’t pose any direct safety
       hazard to the patient.

   •    Clinical Performance: All devices have undergone clinical evaluations which
       demonstrate statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance.

8.1. Device Comparison Table

For technological characteristics comparison, the following table is provided:

 Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                     Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                    Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                  (K212519)                          (K210187)

 Manufacturer   Cube Click, Inc.     Overjet, Inc.        Pearl Inc.             Overjet, Inc.      N/A

 Regulation       892.2070          892.2070          892.2070           892.2050           Smile Dx® falls
 Number                                                                                     under the same
                                                                                                         regulation
                                                                                                 (892.2070) as
                                                                                              primary predicate
                                                                                                      (Overjet Caries
                                                                                                                 Assist).

 Regulation       Medical image     Medical image     Medical image       Picture archiving    Smile Dx® falls
 Name            analyzer            analyzer           analyzer           and                under the same
                                                                        communications     regulation
                                                                          system             (892.2070) as
                                                                                                         predicate (Overjet
                                                                                                    Caries Assist).

 Regulatory       Class II             Class II            Class II             Class II          Same
 Class

 Product Code   MYN; LLZ     MYN        MYN           LLZ               Smile Dx® has the
                                                                                   same primary
                                                                                                  product MYN as
                                                                                                         predicate (Overjet
                                                                                                    Caries Assist) and
                                                                                                       reference device


                                                                             3

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                                                                                          (Second Opinion).
                                                                                                       Additionally, Smile
                                                                              Dx®’s secondary
                                                                                                product code LLZ is
                                                                                                       the same as reference
                                                                                                 device (Overjet
                                                                                               Dental Assist). Thus,
                                                                                                       the subject device
                                                                                               has the same product
                                                                                            codes as the
                                                                                                              identified predicate
                                                                                       and reference
                                                                                                        devices.

Device        SaMD/CADe     SaMD/CADe     SaMD/CADe     SaMD           Same
Property

Indications for   Smile Dx® is a     The Overjet       Second Opinion®    Overjet Dental      Smile Dx® has
Use               computer-assisted   Caries Assist         is a computer         Assist is a            similar indications
                   detection (CADe)  (OCA) is a         aided detection       radiological semi-    for use to predicate
                  software designed   radiological,      ("CADe")           automated image   K212519 for
                    to aid dentists in    automated,         software to          processing           detecting caries,
                   the review of        concurrent read,    identify and mark    software device      reference device
                     digital files of      computer-          regions in relation    intended to aid     K210365 for
                  bitewing and         assisted detection   to suspected dental   dental               detecting PARLs,
                    periapical           software            findings which       professionals in     and reference device
                  radiographs of      intended to aid in   include Caries,       the measurements   K210187 for
                 permanent teeth.     the detection and   Discrepancy at the    of mesial and       measurement of bone
                         It is intended to     segmentation of    margin of an           distal bone levels     levels. Thus, the
                   aid in the            caries on            existing              associated with      subject device
                   detection and       bitewing             restoration,          each tooth from     combines the
                 segmentation of     radiographs. The   Calculus,            bitewing and         indications for use of
                  suspected dental    device provides     Periapical            periapical            the three identified
                   findings which      additional          radiolucency,        radiographs.         predicate and
                   include: caries,      information for    Crown (metal,          It should not be      reference devices.
                    periapical           the dentist to use    including zirconia    used in-lieu of full   All three devices
                   radiolucencies       in their diagnosis  & non-metal),        patient evaluation    share the same
                (PARL),            of a tooth surface   Filling (metal &      or solely relied      intended use to
                    restorations, and    suspected of        non-metal), Root    upon to make or      identify suspected
                   dental anatomy.     being carious.       canal, Bridge and    confirm a            areas of interest in
                 Smile Dx® is      The device is not   Implants.             diagnosis. The        intra-oral
                   also intended to     intended as a          It is designed to      system is to be       radiographs.
                   aid dentists in the   replacement for a   aid dental health     used by trained
                measurement (in    complete           professionals to      professionals
                   millimeter and       dentist's review    review bitewing      including, but not
                  percentage          or their clinical    and periapical        limited to, dentists
                 measurements) of   judgment that      radiographs of      and dental
                  mesial and distal    takes into         permanent teeth in    hygienists.
                bone levels         account other       patients 12 years     Intended Patient
                   associated with      relevant                                 Population:

                                                                            4

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                 each tooth.          information from   of age or older as a  The intended
               The device is not    the image,         second reader.        patient population
                  intended as a        patient history,                           of the device is
                 replacement for a   and actual in                               patients living in
                 complete dentist's   vivo clinical                              the United States,
                 review or their      assessment.                      who are 22 years
                     clinical judgment                                            old or older, and
                     that takes into                                                     that do not have
                 account other                                          any remaining
                   relevant                                                  primary teeth.
                  information from                                            Overjet has not
                   the image, patient                                           evaluated the
                    history, and                                              performance of
                   actual in vivo                                                  the device on
                     clinical                                                  primary dentition.
                  assessment.
                 Smile Dx®
                  supports both
                     digital and
                 phosphor sensors.

Detections         • Normal           Caries              Caries, Margin      Bone level         Smile Dx® detects
and/or          anatomy                                discrepancy,        measurements        caries similar to
measurements     • Caries                                 Calculus,            (mesial and distal)   predicate Overjet
                      • Periapical                              Periapical                                Caries Assist
                   radiolucencies                           radiolucencies,                       K212519.
                      • Bone level                            Restorations
                measurements                                                             Smile Dx® also
                  (mesial and                                                                           detects PARLs and
                      distal)                                                                                    restorations, similar
                      • Restorations                                                                          to reference device
                                                                                      Second Opinion
                                                                                     K210365. Second
                                                                                          Opinion also detects
                                                                                                      other features such as
                                                                                         margin discrepancy
                                                                                       and calculus,
                                                                                           however, these are
                                                                                                   not supported by
                                                                                                        subject device. The
                                                                                             absence of these
                                                                                                          features in Smile
                                                                Dx® does not create
                                                                                               a new intended use.

                                                                                          Smile Dx® also
                                                                                          measures mesial and
                                                                                                                    distal bone levels,
                                                                                  same as reference
                                                                                                 device Overjet


                                                                            5

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                                                                                               Dental Assist
                                                                                     K210187.

Intended User    Dentists             Dentists            Dentists             Dental             Smile Dx® is
                                                                                  professionals        intended for use by
                                                                                   including, but not    licensed dentists,
                                                                                   limited to, dentists  same as all of the
                                                                     and dental            identified predicate
                                                                                     hygienists.         and reference
                                                                                                        devices. The
                                                                                                      reference device
                                                                                                  Overjet Dental Assist
                                                                                                                              is also intended for
                                                                                               use by other dental
                                                                                                           professionals, such
                                                                                                     as dental hygienists.
                                                                                      However, use of
                                                                                          Smile Dx® has been
                                                                                                        limited to use by
                                                                                                       licensed dentists
                                                                                                        only.

Patient            Patients requiring    Patients             Patients requiring     Patients requiring   The intended patient
Population        dental services,      requiring dental     dental services,       dental services,      population for Smile
                       all sexes, at least     services,              all sexes, at least       all sexes, at least   Dx® is limited to
                22 years of age,       all sexes, at least   12 years of age,     22 years of age,      patients with
                and with          18 years of age,    and with           and with           permanent dentition
                 permanent         and with          permanent          permanent        who are at least 22
                    dentition.          permanent           dentition.             dentition.            years of age. This is
                                           dentition.                                                          identical to the
                                                                                                      reference device
                                                                                      Second Opinion.
                                                                                               This intended patient
                                                                                                  population age has
                                                                                         been supported by
                                                                                               use of representative
                                                                                                            patient data in
                                                                                                                   testing.

Rx or OTC      Rx-only           Rx-only           Rx-only            Rx-only          Same

Technical
Characteristics

Platform      Web - Edge,      Web - Edge,       Local computer    Web - Edge,       The subject device is
                Chrome, FireFox,   Chrome, Firefox    application         Chrome, Firefox     a web-based
                   Safari                                (Cloud-based                               application, similar
                                                                   installation)                                 to Overjet Caries
                                                                                                       Assist and Overjet


                                                                            6

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                                                                                               Dental Assist. It is
                                                                                               compatible with
                                                                                                          similar browsers and
                                                                                                                              is also compatible
                                                                                               with Safari, which is
                                                                                               a commonly used
                                                                                                 browser.

OS           Any            Any            Windows 7 or      Any             The subject device is
                                                         higher                                  compatible with any
                                                                                                    operating system,
                                                                                  same as predicate
                                                                                                  Overjet Caries Assist
                                                                                       and reference device
                                                                                                  Overjet Dental
                                                                                                             Assist.

User Interface   Mouse,           Mouse,           Mouse, Keyboard    Mouse, Keyboard,  Same
                 Keyboard,         Keyboard,                           Trackpad
                Trackpad          Trackpad

Image           Radiograph        Radiograph        Radiograph         Radiograph       Same
Modality

Radiograph      Bitewing and       Bitewing and      Bitewing and        Bitewing and      Same
Type              periapical            periapical           periapical             periapical

Image Input     Images imported    Images imported   Radiography        Images imported    Images are manually
Sources         from local         from the           devices from a      from the            imported from the
                 computer, from a    radiographic       range of             radiographic         dentist user’s local
                 range of             device, or from     manufacturers        device, or from     computer into Smile
                  manufacturers       the practice                               the practice       Dx®. The subject
                                management                        management        device does not
                                      system, from                          system             connect to practice
                                    Carestream or                                       management systems
                                    Schick sensors                                                     like Overjet Caries
                                                                                                       Assist and Overjet
                                                                                               Dental Assist.
                                                                                      However, this
                                                                                                        difference does not
                                                                                                               raise any new
                                                                                                    questions of safety
                                                                                       and effectiveness.

                                                                                                       Additionally, Smile
                                                                Dx® is compatible
                                                                                               with images from a
                                                                                               range of radiography
                                                                                                 device


                                                                            7

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                                                                                                   manufacturers,
                                                                                                          similar to Second
                                                                                               Opinion. This has
                                                                                         been supported by
                                                                                                 using data from a
                                                                                               range of
                                                                                                manufacturers during
                                                                                                                   testing.

Image Format    jpg, png, tif, tig,     jpg, png, eop, jif,   jpeg, png, rvg,        jpg, png, jfif, eop,   Smile Dx® supports
                  dex, gif,          dicom            dcm, tiff, and dic      etp, jif            image formats that
                 bitmap/bmp, and                                                                    are commonly used
                raw                                                                                    in dental
                                                                                                     radiographs. The
                                                                                                        difference in
                                                                                                supported image
                                                                                                formats between the
                                                                                                        subject and predicate
                                                                                                  devices is considered
                                                                                                            to be minor and does
                                                                                                   not interfere with the
                                                                                                                   ability of Smile Dx®
                                                                                                            to achieve its
                                                                                                  intended use.

Processing       Three layers:       Three layers:      The Second       Unknown          Smile Dx® has a
Architecture       - The Network        - The Network     Opinion Client                             similar processing
                   layer contains a      layer works with   continuously                                architecture to the
                   login module and    the practice        monitors a local or                         predicate Overjet
                 a data ingestion    PACS or EMR     networked                               Caries Assist
                 module.              to transmit         resource for dental                     (K212519) and
                 Radiographs are     the image and      radiographs. When                        reference device
                 manually           meta-data to      new images are                       Second Opinion
                 uploaded from       Overjet.            found, it sends                         (K210365). All
                    local computer to     - The decision     them to cloud-                           devices obtain
                   the server.           layer processes     based Computer                           radiographs, annotate
                       - The Detection     the image to       Vision Models                          them, and present
                and Measurement   ensure it is the    (CV Models) for                          annotations to via a
                   layer processes      correct data         analysis. These                            user interface.
                   the image and       type, and then     models generate
                     classifies it as       annotates it via     metadata                         One of the main
                    either bitewing or   the algorithm       describing the                              differences in
                    periapical, and        - The               nature and location                       processing
                  then annotates it     presentation        of detected                                 architecture is that
                   via the algorithm    layer displays the   features in the                             the predicate device
                       - The               annotated image    radiographs. The                       can establish
                    visualization         in a non           metadata is                              connections with
                   layer displays the    diagnostic          returned to the                             external sources to
                  annotated image     viewer. The       Second Opinion®                       upload images,
                   via Smile Dx®’s     dentist can filter,    Client, which                          whereas the subject

                                                                            8

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                   user interface.       display, hide,       displays it within                         device exclusively
               The dentist can      create and edit        its user interface.                        uploads images from
                   adjust image        the annotations     Detected features                          the local computer.
                     settings, display     presented.          are highlighted                             Similarly, users of
                and hide the                           with color-coded                       Smile Dx® are
                  presented                           boundary boxes                           required to manually
                   annotations.                             overlaid on the                          upload images to the
                                                               original                                   software, whereas
                                                           radiograph.                                the reference device
                                                                                      Second Opinion
                                                                                                    automatically
                                                                                               uploads images.
                                                                                                     Nevertheless, these
                                                                                                      technological
                                                                                                        differences do not
                                                                                                               raise new questions
                                                                                                     of safety and
                                                                                                            effectiveness. The
                                                                                             absence of these
                                                                                                          features in the
                                                                                                        subject device does
                                                                                                   not impede its ability
                                                                                                            to fulfill its intended
                                                                                                          use.

Algorithm        Utilizes computer    Utilizes             Utilizes computer     Utilizes computer   Same. Smile Dx®
                   vision machine     computer vision    vision                vision techniques.    utilizes computer
                   learning           machine learning   neural network                            vision techniques,
                   algorithm(s).        algorithm(s).       algorithms,                                   specifically, machine
                                                      developed from                            learning algorithms
                                                       open-source                                 to detect suspected
                                                   models using                               findings, same as the
                                                         supervised                                   identified predicate
                                                   machine learning                      and reference
                                                            techniques.                                devices.

Output          Suspected          Caries detection    Detected features    Bone-level        The output of Smile
                   findings (i.e.,       and segmentation    (e.g., caries,          annotations on    Dx® is similar to the
                     caries, PARLs)     on radiograph     PARLs) are          radiograph          outputs of all of the
                and                  resulting in         highlighted with                             identified predicate
                measurements       outline of          color-coded                           and reference
                 (bone levels) are    suspected caries    boundary boxes                            devices, as they all
                   overlaid on the                          overlaid on the                           overlay the findings
                    original                                   original radiograph                    on the original
                  radiograph                                                                        radiograph.

Marker         Contour             Presents           Color-coded         Color-coded lines   The subject device
Type/Size        segmentations for   suspected carious   bounding boxes /     for bone levels      has similar marker
                    caries and           lesions as          Fixed                                    types to its predicate
                    periapical          segmented                                             and reference

                                                                            9

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                   radiolucencies.     polygons                                                       devices.
                 Color-coded lines   outlining the
                    for bone levels      prediction                                               For suspected caries,
                                                                                                       the subject device
                                                                                                          creates a contour of
                                                                                                       the suspected caries,
                                                                                                          similar to the
                                                                                                       predicate (Overjet
                                                                                                   Caries Assist).

                                                                                           For periapical
                                                                                                         radiolucencies, the
                                                                                                        subject device
                                                                                                          creates countours.
                                                                                               This is different to
                                                                                                      reference device’s
                                                                                          (Second Opinion)
                                                                                         bounding boxes. The
                                                                                            performance and
                                                                                               accuracy of the
                                                                                                segmentations has
                                                                                         been supported with
                                                                                                      appropriate
                                                                                            performance testing.

                                                                                           For bone levels, the
                                                                                                        subject device
                                                                                                    outputs color-coded
                                                                                                               lines depending on
                                                                                                       the level of measured
                                                                                                     boneloss, similar to
                                                                                                      reference device
                                                                                                  Overjet Dental
                                                                                                             Assist.

Image            Linear distance    N/A           N/A                 Linear distance     Smile Dx® is similar
Measurement                                                                                             to reference device
                                                                                                  Overjet Dental Assist
                                                                                                            in that it creates a
                                                                                                               linear distance for
                                                                                        measured bone
                                                                                                                  levels.

Image Viewing    Full, Thumbnail     Full, Thumbnail     Full, Thumbnail       Full, Thumbnail    Same

Image          Image adjustment   Annotations       Image adjustment    Annotation (line)    Smile Dx® has
Manipulation     tools (e.g.,                                tools (e.g.,                                  similar image
                    brightness,                               brightness,                              adjustment tools as
                    contrast, opacity,                                                                  reference devie
                                                                                      Second Opinion

                                                                           10

510(k) Summary


Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                    Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                   Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                 (K212519)                          (K210187)

                    rotation prior to                           contrast, zoom,                                  (e.g., contrast and
                  upload)                                     invert, rotate)                               brightness). Smile
                                                                Dx® introduces a
                                                                            new tool (i.e.,
                                                                                                    opacity adjustment),
                                                                                           however, this does
                                                                                                   not raise any new
                                                                                                    questions of safety
                                                                                       and effectiveness and
                                                                                                                              is a common image
                                                                                                adjustment tool.

                                                                                          Smile Dx® lacks
                                                                                some of the features
                                                                                          found in the
                                                                                                       predicate and
                                                                                                      reference devices
                                                                                                                            (e.g., zoom, invert,
                                                                                       and manual
                                                                                                    annotation tools).
                                                                                      However, these tools
                                                                                                       are not needed to
                                                                                            accomplish the
                                                                                                  intended use of the
                                                                                                 device and do not
                                                                                                               raise new questions
                                                                                                     of safety and
                                                                                                            effectiveness.

Performance      • Standalone          • Standalone         • Standalone study    • Bench testing      Smile Dx®
Testing          performance        study for            for                  evaluated          underwent similar
                  study for            pathologic          pathological          precision and        evaluations as
                  pathologic feature   feature detection   and non-               recall against        predicate and
                          (i.e., caries and     performance.       pathologic           labeled keypoints    reference devices,
                    periapical             • Multiple-          feature detection     within              following
                  radiolucency)       Reader,            performance.         radiographs.        recommendations in
                    detection, non-      Multiple-Case       • Multiple-Reader,    • Retrospective     2022 FDA Guidance
                  pathologic feature  (MRMC) study     Multiple-Case         clinical             “Computer-Assisted
                   detection (i.e.,       for pathologic    (MRMC) study for   performance        Detection Devices
                normal anatomy     dental features      pathologic dental     testing that         Applied to Radiology
                and restorations)     • Analysis          features            compared          Images and
                and bone level      included:             • Analysis            adjudicated         Radiology Device
                measurement         • Sensitivity and    included:           measurements      Data - Premarket
                  performance.        specificity            • wAFROC-FOM    against Overjet      Notification [510(k)]
                      • Multiple-          evaluations         analysis for          Dental Assist’s      Submissions”.
                  Reader,               • Dice coefficient   primary endpoints    predicted
                  Multiple-Case       analysis           •Determination of    measurements.
            (MRMC) study                          the changes in       Analysis included
                    for pathologic                              sensitivity and
                   dental features                       change in number


                                                                           11

510(k) Summary


 Characteristic   Smile Dx®         Predicate         Reference Device:   Reference        Comparison
                                     Device: Overjet   Second Opinion     Device: Overjet
                                    Caries Assist     (K210365)         Dental Assist
                                  (K212519)                          (K210187)

                        • Analysis                              of false positive       sensitivity and
                    included:                                dental pathologies    specificity.
                        • wAFROC                             of a given type per
                     analysis for                         image (FPPI)
                   primary endpoint
                        • Sensitivity and
                      specificity
                    evaluations

9. PERFORMANCE TESTING

9.1. Software Verification and Validation

As Smile Dx® is a SaMD, software verification and validation testing were conducted, and
documentation was provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff,
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions”.

9.2. CADe Testing

Smile Dx® was subjected to clinical performance testing according to 2022 FDA Guidance
“Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology Device
Data - Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions” Testing involved both standalone
performance testing and a fully-crossed multi-reader multi-case (MRMC) reader clinical
evaluation. As CADe devices, predicate device Overjet Caries Assist (K212519) and Second
Opinion (K210365) also underwent the recommended testing.

9.2.1.   Standalone Testing

Caries and Periapical Radiolucency Detection

Smile Dx®'s caries and periapical radiolucency detection performance was evaluated using a test
dataset of 867 cases collected from multiple U.S. sites. The test results were as follows:

 Metric      Caries                         Periapical Radiolucency

 Dice        0.74 [0.72 0.76]                 0.77 [0.74, 0.80]

  Sensitivity   overall: 88.3% [83.5%, 92.6%]  86.1% [80.2%, 91.9%]

Bone Level Detection and Bone Loss Measurement


                                                                            12

510(k) Summary


Smile Dx®'s bone level detection and bone loss measurement performance was evaluated using
a test dataset of 352 cases collected from multiple U.S. sites. The test results were as follows:

 Radiograph     Bone Level Detection -     Bone Level Detection -     Bone Loss Measurement (Mean Absolute
 Type              Sensitivity                   Specificity                Error [95% CI]

 Bitewing        95.5% [94.3%, 96.7%]      94.0% [91.1%, 96.6%]       0.30 mm [0.29mm, 0.32mm]

  Periapical        87.3% [85.4%, 89.2%]      92.1% [89.9%, 94.1%]      2.6% [2.4%, 2.8%]

Normal Anatomy and Restorations

Smile Dx®'s performance for normal anatomy and restoration detection was evaluated using a
test dataset of 200 cases collected from different U.S. sites. The test results were as follows:

 Non-pathologic Region   Dice               Sensitivity               Sensitivity               Specificity
                                                  (Pixel-level)            (Contour-level)         (Contour-level)

 Normal Anatomy         0.84 [0.83, 0.85]  86.1% [85.4%, 86.8%]  95.2% [94.5%, 96%]    93.5% [91.6%, 95.8%]

  Restorations              0.87 [0.85, 0.90]  83.1% [80.3%, 86.4%]  90.9% [88.2%, 93.9%]  99.6% [99.3%, 99.8%]

9.2.2.  MRMC Clinical Evaluation - Reader Improvement

The clinical performance assessment for Smile Dx® used a fully-crossed, multiple-reader
multiple-case (MRMC) evaluation method. The test dataset consisted of 352 cases collected
from multiple U.S. sites. Smile Dx® underwent clinical evaluation using methods similar to
those used for the primary predicate device Overjet Caries Assist (K212519):

Both devices were evaluated in a multi-reader, multi-case (MRMC) retrospective study with at
least 13 US licensed dentists (Smile Dx® had 14 readers). Ground truth was established by the
consensus labels of at least three US licensed dentists (the ground truth for Smile Dx®’s study
was established by four US licensed dentists). Half of the data set contained unannotated images,
and the second half contained radiographs that had been processed through the CADe device.
The radiographs were presented to the readers in alternating groups throughout two different
sessions, which were separated by a washout period. The results were compared against the
consensus ground truth, and the sensitivity, specificity, and alternative free response receiver
operating characteristic (AFROC) was evaluated to characterize the performance of the readers
with and without viewing the model annotations.

Primary Endpoint: wAFROC Analysis

The weighted alternative free-response receiver operating characteristic (wAFROC) figure of
merit serves as the primary performance metric, giving equal importance to each case while
reducing the influence of cases with multiple lesions.


                                                                            13

510(k) Summary
The wAFROC analysis revealed statistically significant improvements, with an increase of 𝛥𝜃
for both caries detection (+0.127 [0.081, 0.172]) and PARL detection (+0.098 [0.061, 0.135]).
These results demonstrate that Smile Dx® enhances reader sensitivity without compromising
specificity, thereby meeting the acceptance criteria for effective detection of caries and PARLs.
            𝜽𝒄𝒐𝒏𝒕𝒓𝒐𝒍   𝜽𝑪𝑨𝑫  𝜟𝜽 [95% CI]          p-value

  Caries    0.781     0.908   +0.127 [0.081, 0.172]  < 0.001

 PARLs   0.849     0.947   +0.098 [0.061, 0.135]  < 0.001

Secondary Endpoint: Sensitivity and Specificity

Sensitivity metrics were determined at the lesion level. Specificity metrics were determined at
the case level.

Sensitivity
For caries detections, reader sensitivity improved from 64.3% without device to 83.9% with
device, an increase of 19.6% [12.8%, 26.4%]. For PARL detections, reader sensitivity improved
from 70.7% without device to 89.8% with device, an increase of 19.1% [13.6%, 24.7%].

Specificity
For caries detections, reader specificity improved from 73.6% without device to 90.2% with
device, a difference of 16.7% [13.5%, 19.9%]. For PARL detections, reader specificity improved
from 92.6% without device to 97.3% with device, a difference of 4.7% [3%, 6.4%].

Sub-group Analysis

Sub-group analyses were performed for patient demographics (i.e., age, sex, race), imaging
hardware, and primary vs. secondary classification (caries). No distinct differences in
performance were observed among sub-groups that raise concerns about the effectiveness of
Smile Dx®.

10.  CONCLUSION

Smile Dx® is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate device. Specifically, the subject
device has similar indications and technological characteristics when compared to the predicate
device. Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise new questions of safety or
effectiveness.

Additionally, the results of the performance testing (i.e., software verification and validation,
standalone performance assessment and MRMC clinical evaluation) of Smile Dx® support that
the subject device’s performance is as effective as the predicate and reference devices.


                                                                            14