September 24, 2024

Shanghai United Imaging Intelligence Co., Ltd.
℅ Nima Akhlaghi
Director, Digital Health, AI & Imaging Center Lead
MCRA Digital Health
803 7th Street NW, 3rd Floor
WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 20001


Re: K242292
    Trade/Device Name: uAI Easy Triage ICH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: August 1, 2024
    Received: August 2, 2024

Dear Nima Akhlaghi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242292 - Nima Akhlaghi                                                             Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242292 - Nima Akhlaghi                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                    Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
===================  Submission Number (if known)I
  K242292
  Device Name
   uAI Easy Triage ICH I

  Indications for Use (Describe)
   uAI Easy Triage ICH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device
   indicated for analysis of non-enhanced head CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital
   networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and prioritizing studies with
  suspected positive findings of lntracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               [Z] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
             *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
          The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
            time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
             of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                  Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                '~n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K242292

                     510 (k) SUMMARY

    1.  Date of Preparation:
       August 01, 2024

    2.  Sponsor Identification

       Shanghai United Imaging Intelligence Co., Ltd.
       No. 701 Yunjin Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, 200232,
       PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA

        Primary Contact Correspondent ：
     MCRA Digital Health
        Contact Person: Nima Akhlaghi
         Position: Director, Digital Health, AI & Imaging Center Lead
         Tel: 202-742-3889
        Email: nakhlaghi@mcra.com

        Applicant Contact Person:
       Zhao Xiaojing
         Position: Quality & Regulatory Manager
         Tel: +86-021-67076888-5386
        Email: xiaojing.zhao@uii-ai.com


    3.  Identification of Proposed Device

       Trade Name: uAI Easy Triage ICH
     Common Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
        Model(s): uAI Easy Triage ICH

        Regulatory Information
         Classification Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
         Classification: II
       Product Code: QAS
        Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
       Review Panel: Radiology

    4.  Identification of Predicate Device(s)
                           Page 1 of 12

K242292


        Predicate Device
        510(k) Number: K221716
        Device Name: CINA


    5.  Device Description

       uAI Easy Triage ICH  is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
        software intended to assist radiologists by flagging potential intracranial hemorrhage
        (ICH) in non-contrast head CT images. The Triage Software is a component of the uAI
       Easy Triage platform, a comprehensive medical imaging communication system
        designed to integrate and deploy specialized image processing applications.

       The uAI Easy Triage ICH algorithm uses artificial intelligence CNN (convolutional
         neural networks) and advanced image processing to triage the non-contrast CT images
         for suspicious intracranial hemorrhage.

      To train and internally test this ICH CADt device, a total of 9791 data points were
         collected from multiple sites as well as cases in China. Only cases that met the
         inclusion criteria were used. The reference standard (ground truth) was established in
         the form of ICH positive/negative by radiologists.

      To clarify, 9791 cases were only used for training and internal testing and final
         validation data was from USA and independent from those used for training and
         internal testing.


    6.  Indications for use

       uAI Easy Triage ICH  is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
        software device indicated for analysis of non-enhanced head CT images. The device is
        intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by
         flagging and prioritizing studies with suspected positive findings of Intracranial
       Hemorrhage (ICH).


    7. Summary of Technological Characteristics


       uAI Easy Triage ICH  is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
        software intended to assist radiologists by flagging potential ICH in non-contrast head
      CT images. The software  is a component of the uAI Easy Triage platform, a
                           Page 2 of 12

K242292

        comprehensive medical imaging communication system designed to integrate and
        deploy specialized image processing applications.

       The uAI Easy Triage ICH alerts users to new studies with suspicious ICH findings via
        pop-up notifications. The software provides both active and passive notification
        mechanisms. Active notifications are presented as an alert icon with a count of pending
         cases, and an alert status bar displaying patient details, suspected findings, and the time
         of examination. Passive notifications are represented by an icon beside the patient's
       name in the list for cases with detected ICH findings. Additionally, the application
         offers a DICOM image preview feature for radiologists to review. This preview is
          strictly informational, devoid of diagnostic markers, and is not to be used for definitive
         diagnosis.

       The uAI Easy Triage ICH embodies the core algorithmic technology that identifies
       image characteristics consistent with intracranial hemorrhage. The application reads
     DICOM files, verifies their compatibility with the prescribed acquisition protocols,
        executes  the  triage  algorithm, and communicates  findings  in DICOM  format,
        compatible with the uAI Easy Triage Platform.


                           Page 3 of 12

the            ICH
                                                                                                                                                                                  device, one the  (K221716) for      the    use                                                                                                    and                                                                                                                                            while                                                                                                                                                                                                                      provides      CINA          ICH   CINA(K221716)                                                                                    ICH                                     Remark                                                                                                                                                                                                                                intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     predicate                                                applications                                                                                    for
                                                   to                                                                                                                                                                device         device two            Triage device same
                                                                                                            the                                                                                                                               LVO.   Easy                                             Same         Same       Same       Same       Same                Compared  proposed   applications  predicate  provides and  uAI  predicate have

                                                                                      the  head
                                                         in                                  assist                                                                                               Software                                                     Aided                                                to                                                                                                                                                                                                             computer      use                                Device                                                                  for    CT   head.          Table                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             notification           (2)  the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           non-enhanced                                 intended                                                                                     Computer                                            of                                                                       is                                                                                                                                              Notification                                           and                                                                                           (1)  and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   radiological                   indicated of                                                                                                                                         892.2080                                                Predicate               And             a                                                                                            CINA（K221716）                                                                                                              triage               12                                                   is                                                     device                                                   CFR                                                                                  images        of                       Equivalence                                                                                                                               Radiological Triage     QAS   21   II               Radiology         Cina   aided     software    analysis CT      angiography   The 4
                                                                        by   Page
                                                           of                       Substantial                                                                                                                                                                                                                        triage                                                                                               Software            a  1            ICH         Aided                                                                  to    trained                                                  is                 software               images.   assist                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              analysis CT                                Device          Table                        Triage                                                 ICH           for           and                                                                                                                             head                             workflow                                                                                     Computer                                                                                                                                                                          intended                                                                                                                                              Notification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           computer-assisted          is    in                            Easy                                                                                                 Triage                         notification                                           Proposed                                                                                 892.2080                                                                                                                                  networks                                   And                                                                                                                                                        indicated                     uAI                                                                 Easy      and                      device                                                   CFR                                                                                                                               Radiological Triage     QAS   21   II               Radiology     uAI       radiological   triage   device       non-enhanced  The    hospital       radiologists

                                             Name                                                     for
                         Item                                                       Number                     Panel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Use/Indications                                                          Code                     Class                                                                                                                                                             Classification
                                                                   Device                Product                Regulation          Device                       Classification                                                   Intended Use
K242292

of
              of      head and                                  terms                                    attention              in                cases,
                                   the
                    use        to                                                                                                 intracranial
                    for                                                                                                               non-enhanced                   Remark                             case                                                                                               suspected                   in
                                   the                                                                        suspected                                                                                    flagging               clinician.                                                                                                      and\indications  finding  hemorrhage CT,  indicating the


                 by                                  (1)                                                  the                                                                                                     for  LVO                       of        head                           and  (1)    to                                                                                                 vessel                                    or                                                  triage                                                                                                           image                                            (2)                 anterior   MCA-M1                        is                                                trained                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   intelligence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    standalone                                                                                                          ICH                                                                                                                                                   images     detected                                                                                                                           care                                                                                 large                                                                                                                                                            Intracranial                                                     the                            a                                            and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         parallel              Device                                                                                                                                 user                    and                             findings                                                             of                                   of  ICA,                                                          in                                                       on                                                for                                       for                                                                                                        with                                                                   workflow                                                                                                 The       notifications                                                                                                                                 communicating                  (ICH)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     artificial    analyze                                                                                                                                                                       MCA-M2).                 in                                                                                   LVO                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              suspected                                                                                                                                       with                                                                                         (LVO)    (distal     an to   cases                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      standard                                                      networks      and     positive   images                     Predicate                                                                        (2)                                                     CINA（K221716）                                                                                                                                              with   12                          CT                                   uses       or      application                                                                                                                                                                                  angiography                                                                                                                                                                       proximal                         of                                                      hospital       radiologists    flagging     suspected  head      Hemorrhage CT     occlusion      circulation or    Cina     algorithm     highlight  ICH  Web    ongoing        interpretation.     presented   cases 5

                 of                                                                                                                       Page
            ICH         studies    findings   (ICH).
              Device                        Triage                                                                   positive                                                                                  prioritizing                     Hemorrhage                Easy                    and                   Proposed            uAI                         suspected                                                      flagging  with       Intracranial


             Item

K242292

Remark


                               for      use       be     to
                                    and                          medical to                     other on   assist                     full                                                                                           device                        of                          care.                                                                                                                             based to              of                                                    meant   only,                                                                       intended  with                                                                                        compressed                                                                                                                                          device.                               are                     diagnostic  The                 intended                                                                 are      and              Device                                                                                                                                     original                                          that      for                                                       not                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Notified                   reviewing     standard                                                                                       Cina                                                              include                 purposes           the is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               judgement                                     ultimately                                    it     of                              for  the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 conjunction                                                                                              are                                                                                                                                                                                                      diagnostic                                                                                   alter                                                                                                                                                                                                               images.                                               in                    a                     Predicate                                                                                                       per                                                              images                 intended       notification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  information                                                       and                                                     CINA（K221716）                                                   12                                                  not    as                                                                                                                                                         results                                                                                                              triage/prioritization                                         not                                                                                              used                     of                                                             findings.              Notifications    preview       informational  are   beyond  does   image,  used   The be    patient       professional  with    medical      clinicians      responsible   images  6
                                                                                                                       Page
            ICH
              Device                        Triage
                Easy                   Proposed
            uAI


             Item

K242292

for CT
                                                                                             will                                        the                device                                                                         data brain                                                                                                                                                                                proposed                   device.                                                          non- ICH   CT                                                          and   application. the device                                                                                            device,                                               for                                                                                                                                                         predicate head                and                                                                              neck LVO                            subject                                                               data the                                                                                                                    supports        or for            the                                                                                                                                                          between  predicate safety                   Remark                                                   of                                                                                                                       predicate   CT                                                                                     while           data    the the                          to                                                                                       device                                                               head                  non-contrast                                                                      and                                                                                                                                                                                                                      application               difference                                                                                                                                                   impact                              Same        Same              Compared  proposed  contrast   application  support ICH  angiogram The device not   effectiveness          Same                Same

                                                                       head                                                                                                                    images                        the                                                                                                                                                     image                                attention                                                     the                                                                                                            the
                                   of
                                                                        in                                                                                                                                                                    mark,              Device                                                                                                                            about                                                                                                                                                                                                               users’                                                                                                                                                                                                                 current                                                                       scan                                                                                                                                                                              angiogram                                      not
                                   CT                                  and                                       CT                                                                                     direct    location                                                                                                                                   does
                                                                     or                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        information                     Predicate                                               and                                                study                                                     CINA（K221716）                                                                             brain                         12                                                                                                                                                                                                     device                 specific                                                                             neck  the              a  of                                                                                Radiologist        Head                                                                              Non-contrast or of                                DICOM    patient,      No;      highlight, to 7
                                                                                                                       Page                                                                             head                                                                                                                                                     image                                attention            ICH                                         the                        the                                                                                                            the
                                       of
                                                                        in                                                                                                                                                                    mark,              Device                                                                                                                           about                                                                                                                                                                                                               users’                                                                                                                                                                                                                 current                                                                             scan                        Triage                                                                                  not
                                       CT                             and                                                                                                                                                                                                               direct    location                Easy                                                                                                             does or                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        information                   Proposed                                                                                                                                   study            uAI                                                                                                                                                                    device                 specific

                                    a                                                                                Radiologist        Head                                                                                                 Non-contrast                                        DICOM    patient,      No;      highlight, to


                                                                   of                                                                                   interest
                     of                                                                                                                                                            protocol                                                                              region
             Item                                   region                                                                        data
                                                                                                                                                  DICOM                                                                          population                                                                                                                         acquisition                          of                              User                    Anatomical                                Data                                   View                                      Segmentation      interest
K242292

Remark


                                           Same              Same                             Same                             Same           Same


                                                                               all
                                                        the                                                             not                                                                               for                                     of                          which                                                                                                                                                                                           parallel                                                                                        algorithm                                                                                                                                                                                                    purposes. in   care,              Device                                                                                                                                         option
                                                  of                                                                    images                                            preview                   a      assessment
                       of
                                     of                                                                                                                                                                                           operates               default                                                                                                                     intelligence                                                                  initial      diagnostic                                                                                                                                                                                                       standard  the                     Predicate                image                                                     CINA（K221716）                                            for  for                        12                                                                                           database                                                                  device  the
                                                            of                                                      original                    Artificial  with        Yes                                Presentation   study   meant  The  with    remains   cases.     No     No 8
                                                                               all                                 Page
                                                        the                                                             not                                                                               for                                     of                          which            ICH                                                                                                                                              parallel                                                                                        algorithm                                                                                                                                                                                                    purposes. in   care,              Device                                                                                                                                         option
                                                  of                                                                                                                                   preview                        Triage                                   images                   a      assessment
                       of
                                     of                                                                                                                                                                                           operates               default                Easy                                                   intelligence                                                                  initial      diagnostic                                                                                                                                                                                                       standard  the                   Proposed                image            uAI                                              database                        for  for   device  the                                                      original                    Artificial  with        Yes                                Presentation   study   meant  The  with    remains   cases.     No     No


             Item
              /                               of
                                                                       of                                                                                                                                                                    image
                                                                                                Algorithm                               Notification          Prioritization                                       Preview    images                                                        Alteration      original             Removal
K242292

will                                  the                                                                                                   software                                                      device.                                                       icon    The                                                                                                                device                                                                              device,                                          proposed                                                  same                                                                                                                                      suspected            and                                                                    alert                                                                 ICH. the                   subject
                           an the of                                                  have                                                                the                   Remark                                                                                                                               predicate safety                                                                                                     predicate    add             of
                                                        the the                      to                pop-up          between                                                                           device and                              to  findings
                                                                                         Compared  proposed  structure module  positive  difference anddevice impactnot   effectiveness


                                                   and                                                                                                                                      processing              Device                                                                   image                        (worklist
                                        ICH                     Predicate                                        and                     Platform    Viewer)                             12                                                     CINA（K221716）
                                                            of                                        LVO          Cina             -       applications -   Image              9
                                                                                                                       Page
            ICH                                                                                                 Viewer.                                                                                                                             Patient              Device                                                                                                                                                  Platform,           Image                        Triage                                                                                         Icon,                                                          and                                                                                                                               processing                                                                                                  Triage                Easy                                                             Alert                   Proposed                                                               image          Easy            uAI
                                      ICH        uAI             -       applications -     including      Management,


             Item
                                           queue
                           from
                                  cases      worklist                                                            Structure
K242292

K242292


    8.  Performance Data

       The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial
        equivalence determination.

        Biocompatibility
       Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

         Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
       Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

       Software Verification and Validation
        Software verification and validation testing was provided to demonstrate safety and
         efficacy of the proposed device.
        Per FDA Guidance “GUIDANCE FOR THE CONTENT OF PRE-MARKET
      SUBMISSIONS FOR SOFTWARE CONTAINED IN DEVICES”, dated June 14,
        2023, the Level of Concern of the software contained in the proposed device is
        determined to be: Basic Documentation Level.


       Those documentations include:
                • Software Description
                • Risk management File
                • Software Requirements Specification (SRS)
                • Software Architecture Diagram
                • Software Development Environment Description
                • Software Verification and Validation
                • Software Version History
                • Cybersecurity Documents


       Animal Study
      No animal study was required.

         Clinical Studies
      No clinical study was required.

       Performance Testing
        Algorithm training of uAI Portal software has been conducted on images collected
       from China as training dataset. The dataset ensures a variety of data for different gender,
                            Page 10 of 12

K242292

         age, equipment and CT protocol. Algorithm validation has been conducted on data
       from the USA. To validate the uAI Easy Triage ICH software from a clinical
         perspective, the AI-based algorithm contained in the product underwent a retrospective
        study to evaluate the performance of uAI Easy Triage ICH in terms of sensitivity,
         specificity and  time  to  notification  to  identify/notify  patients  with  suspected
         Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) processing non-contrast CT images.

         Sensitivity and specificity of uAI Easy Triage ICH in processing of non-contrast head
      CT have been analyzed by comparison to a ground truth established by majority read
         of 3 U.S.-board-certified neuroradiologists.

     A total of 295 non-contrast CT scans (studies) were obtained from different zip codes
         across four U.S. states. There were approximately equal numbers of positive and
        negative cases (147 of images with ICH and 148 without ICH, respectively) included
         in the analysis.

        Regarding the validation of the algorithm, the test data was used independently from
          that used for training, tuning and internal testing dataset.

       The validation data demographic information is summarized below.

                       Table 2  Clinical testing data subgroup information

              Subgroup                 Breakdown                  Sample Size
                            Male                              49%
         Gender
                             Female                            51%
                              18-45                             17%
        Age Ranges (Years)   45-65                             36%
                           65+                               47%
                             White                             63%
         Race Group          Black                             18%
                                   others                             19%
                     GE                               17%
          Equipment             Philips                             21%
                             Siemens                            62%
                                Intraparenchymal Hemorrhage (IPH)         30%
                                     Intraventricular Hemorrhage (IVH)          17%
        ICH Subtypes         Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH)           24%
                                Subdural Hemorrhage (SDH)              22%
                                  Extradural Hemorrhage (EDH)               0.3%


       Comparing the uAI Easy Triage ICH software output to the ground truth, the sensitivity
       and specificity of uAI Easy Triage ICH are 92% (95% CI: 86%-96%) and 95% (95%
        CI: 90%-98%), respectively, exceeding the acceptance criteria of 80%.

        Multiple subgroups of interest were considered in the analysis. In fact, the validation
         data was acquired from different regions across the U.S. to account for race/ethnicity

                            Page 11 of 12

K242292

         in the intended U.S. patient population. Detailed subgroup analysis were reported in
         the labeling.

       The uAI Easy Triage ICH Time to Notification was measured during the study. The
        average Time to Notification in seconds was 41.1 with a 95% confidence interval (CI)
         for the mean equaling (40.1, 42.1).

         In conclusion, the performance of the study for the validation of uAI Easy Triage ICH
        demonstrates that the device is effective for triage and notification as the performance
         levels (sensitivity and specificity) meet the predefined acceptance criteria and the time
         to notification of the device is similar to the predicate device’s time.


       Other Standards and Guidance


             NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
                 Set

             ISO 14971 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
                 (Third Edition 2019-12).

             IEC 62304 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes (Edition 1.1
               2015-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION).

             Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
                Premarket Submissions (Document issued on September 27, 2023).


    9.  Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion

       Compare to the predicate device, the subject device has a subset of the predicate
         application which resulted in a limited indication for use. The subject device has
         similar technological characteristics compare to the predicate device and the difference
        does not raise any new question of safety and effectiveness. Therefore the subject
        device is substantially equivalent to the proposed predicate.


                            Page 12 of 12