February 20, 2025

Compumedics Limited
℅ Dave Yungvirt
CEO
Third Party Review Group, LLC
25 Independence Boulevard
Warren, New Jersey 07059


Re: K242447
    Trade/Device Name: Falcon HST
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1400
    Regulation Name: Electroencephalograph
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLV, OMC, MNR
    Dated: December 20, 2024
    Received: December 20, 2024

Dear Dave Yungvirt:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242447 - Dave Yungvirt                                                             Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K242447 - Dave Yungvirt                                                             Page  3


                                                Sincerely,
                   Jay R. Gupta -S

                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)

IDevice Name
 I Falcon HST

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The Falcon HST is an EEG and respiratory signal recorder. The device is intended for use by adult
 patients in the home or clinical environment, under the direction of a qualified healthcare practitioner,
 to aid in the diagnosis of sleep disorders.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   F Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


AJ231 Falcon HST 510(k) Summary

Device Name: Falcon HST

The following 510(k) summary is being submitted in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92.

Submission Details

Applicant Information:
Submitter:          Compumedics Limited
Address:            30-40 Flockhart Street, Abbotsford 3067, Victoria, Australia
Phone number:      +61 (0) 3 8420 7300
Fax number:         +61 (0) 3 8420 7399


Contact person:       John Joseph
Address:            30-40 Flockhart Street, Abbotsford 3067, Victoria, Australia
Phone number:      +61 (0) 3 8420 7362
Fax number:         + 61 (0) 3 8420 7399
Email:               jjoseph@compumedics.com.au

Submission Prepared: November 25, 2024

Subject Device Information:

Trade name:            Falcon HST
Common name:         Falcon HST
Primary Product code:   OLV, OMC, MNR
Classification Names:    Electroencephalograph
Panel:                  Neurological Devices
Device class:                 II
Regulation numbers:    21 CFR 882.1400

Predicate Device Information

Primary Predicate Device:
Trade Name:         Zmachine Synergy
Manufacturer:        Consolidated Research of Richmond, Inc.
510(k) number:      K172986
510(k) Decision Date:  19th Dec 2017
Classification:         Electroencephalograph
Product code:        OLV, OMC, MNR
Device class:              II
Regulation numbers:  21 CFR 882.1400

Secondary Predicate Device:
Trade Name:         Zmachine DT-100
Manufacturer:        Consolidated Research of Richmond, Inc.
510(k) number:      K101830
510(k) Decision Date:  31st Mar 2011
Classification:         Electroencephalograph
Product code:        OLV, OMC
Device class:              II
Regulation numbers:  21 CFR 882.1400


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 1

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


Intended Use / Indications For Use

The Falcon HST is an EEG and respiratory signal recorder. The device is intended for use by adult patients
in the home or clinical environment, under the direction of a qualified healthcare practitioner, to aid in
the diagnosis of sleep disorders.


Device Description

The Falcon HST comprises hardware and software which provide separate parameters for recording,
review, and analysis of collected and stored physiological parameters, including EEG, EOG, ECG and
respiratory signals, which are then used as an aid in the diagnosis of respiratory and/or cardiac related
sleep disorders by qualified physicians.

The Falcon system consists of the main unit and the charging cradle. The main unit is a small device that
is worn on the patient’s chest over clothing. It is equipped with a touch-screen LCD and contains various
channel inputs such as for the inductive plethysmography bands, and electrodes. The Falcon charging
cradle is used to charge the device, as well as provide a USB interface for transferring study data to the
PC.


Technology overview

Electroencephalograph (EEG)
Both Falcon HST and Zmachine Synergy use the same EEG hardware to acquire an EEG channel
characteristic.

Respiratory effort
Respiratory Effort is sensed by the Falcon HST using a thoracic and abdominal effort belt, however
Zmachine Synergy uses only a thoracic effort belt to record chest expansion and contraction during
inhalation and exhalation (i.e. respiratory effort).

Respiratory nasal airflow
Both Falcon HST and Zmachine Synergy use the similar pressure transducer to acquire the respiratory
nasal airflow signals.

Body position
Both the Falcon HST and Zmachine Synergy use solid-state accelerometer to acquire the body position
signal.

Blood oxygen saturation and pulse
Both the Falcon HST and Zmachine Synergy use the similar pulse oximeter hardware and data output
modes to acquire the blood oxygen saturation and pulse signals.


PC Software

The Falcon HST device is compatible with Profusion Sleep software v5.1 or greater, while the predicate
device Zmachine DT-100 (K101830) is compatible with their analysis software. The main differences
involve the addition of Falcon HST file format support and data retrieval.
Profusion PSG software 5.1 is identical to the Profusion PSG software which was separately cleared as a
part of K072201 and K093223, and as a result, required software documentation is provided regarding
this software.


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 2

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


The differences in software versions do not constitute a substantial change as they are not changes to
underlying software specifications and are instead driver-level changes necessary for data conversion from
the Falcon HST device. The system has been subject to functional testing with full coverage of data flow
paths including USB communication which represents the predominant change between versions.
Additionally, the Profusion Sleep interface has been used as part of the system setup for IEC 60601-1-2 and
IEC 80601-2-26 tests as these include tests relating to signal display and accuracy of signal reproduction,
especially in a noisy environment.


Substantial Equivalence

This document represents the discussion of the substantial equivalence of the Falcon HST with respect to
its primary predicate device the Zmachine Synergy (K172986). To discuss the substantial equivalence of
Profusion Sleep 5.1 software feature support to Falcon HST, another predicate device Zmachine DT-100
(K101830) is included as Zmachine Synergy (K172986) only focuses on hardware device application.
Additionally, this document provides a comparison of intended use, as well as a comprehensive
evaluation of technological characteristics. Available performance data is summarised to further support
safety and effectiveness and substantial equivalence with respect to its predicate devices.

The Zmachine Synergy device was launched in 2017 by Consolidated Research of Richmond, Inc. It has
been sold in respective markets since then. The intended use of the Falcon HST is the same as the
Zmachine Synergy, as is the channels recorded and the basic use and technology.

The main differences are that the Falcon HST is a single unit with colour touch screen rather than a single
button configuration in the Zmachine Synergy. The Falcon HST has a charging cradle unlike Zmachine
Synergy which has a USB charging cable.

Based on the Indications for Use, results of technological, performance & safety testing and a comparison
to the predicate devices, it is concluded that the Falcon HST system with Profusion Sleep 5.1 feature
support is substantially equivalent to the Zmachine Synergy and Zmachine DT-100, and there are no new
issues identified in terms of safety or effectiveness with respect to its intended use.

The below table contains a multi-parameter comparison between Falcon HST system with Profusion
Sleep 5.1 support feature, the primary predicate device the Zmachine Synergy and the predicate device
Zmachine DT-100. This table is included in AJ056 Falcon Substantial Equivalence Discussion with further
analysis of differences where applicable.

 Characteristic   Falcon HST             Zmachine Synergy (Primary  Zmachine DT-100
                                           predicate device)             (Predicate device)
                                          Usage Information
 Manufacturer    Compumedics Ltd.              Consolidated Research of           Consolidated Research of
                                               Richmond, Inc.                   Richmond, Inc.
 510(k) Number                            K172986                     K101830
  Classification     21 CFR 882.1400            21 CFR 882.1400               21 CFR 882.1400
 regulation
 Product Code     OLV, OMC, MNR               OLV, OMC, MNR               OLV and OMC
  Indications for    The Falcon HST is an EEG and   The Zmachine Synergy is an EEG    The CRI Zmachine is a singleuse                respiratory signal recorder.     and respiratory signal recorder.     channel, EEG acquisition and
                 The device is intended for use   The device is intended for use by    analysis system, designed for
                  by adult patients in the home    adult patients in the home or       use in the home or clinical
                    or clinical environment,           clinical environment, under the     environments. This device is
                  under the direction of a          direction of a qualified healthcare   intended to be used by qualified
                      qualified healthcare              practitioner, to aid in the            healthcare practitioners to
                       practitioner, to aid in the        diagnosis of sleep disorders.        monitor the wake and sleep
                     diagnosis of sleep disorders.                                           states of adult patients and as
                                                                           an adjunct to their diagnosis of
                                                                                        sleep disorders.


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 3

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


 Type of Use        Prescription-Use Only           Prescription-Use Only               Prescription-Use Only
 Intended       Home or clinical environment  Home or clinical environment     Home or clinical environment
 Environment
 Patient            Adults                         Adults                            Adults
 Population
 Acquired          Airflow                        Airflow                      EEG
 Channels          Pulse Oximeter                 Pulse Oximeter
                    Respiratory Effort              Respiratory Effort
                 Body Position               Body Position
                EEG                     EEG
 Sensor             Airflow: Solid state pressure     Airflow: Solid state pressure       Zmachine DT-100 EEG
 technology        transducer (+6 mbar range)     transducer (+6 mbar range)        technology
                    Pulse Oximetry: Nonin 3150     Pulse Oximetry: Nonin XPOD LP
                    Wrist-Ox2, BLE module.        module.
                    Respiratory Effort: Thoracic     Respiratory Effort: Thoracic effort
                       effort belt based on              belt based on respiratory
                     respiratory inductance          inductance plethysmography
                   plethysmography (RIP).          (RIP).
                 Body position: Solid state      Body position: Solid state
                     accelerometer, multiple         accelerometer, multiple EEG
                       differential EXG channels.       channels.
 Sensor         LED indicators. A single       LED indicators. A full-color LED    LCD display. A full color,
 technology        colour LED is provided to        indicator is located beside each     320×240 pixel, LCD display
                      indicate unit status. This LED   connector (airflow, effort,          with an LED backlight is used to
                          is turned on or off (either        oximeter,                         present all system information.
                    continuously or flashing)       and EEG) to indicate correct or
                  under control of the             incorrect hookup/operation.
                    firmware. The displayable      Another
                    colour is blue.                     full-color LED is located under the
                                           main power button to indicate
                                               system status.
 Power Source      Internally powered using li-      Internally powered using li-ion      Internally powered using li-ion
                    ion rechargeable battery        rechargeable battery               rechargeable battery
 Internal           Storage on Falcon HST          Fixed microSD card              Removeable microSD card
 memory/ data    onboard memory
 Storage
 Communication   USB-C                    USB                        USB card reader
 Interface
 Access to         Recorded data is stored in the   Recorded data is stored in the      Recorded data is stored in the
 recorded data     device. When the device is       device. When the device is           device. The microSD card is
                   connected to PC via USB cable   connected to PC via USB cable the   removed and connected to PC
                    the device provides access to    device provides access to its         via USB card reader to access
                          its internal memory.             internal memory.                    internal memory.
 Recorded data    Each channel of recorded data   Each channel of recorded data is    Each channel of recorded data
 format                is stored in an individual file     stored in an individual file of the      is stored in an individual file of
                      of the proprietary data        GSC2 data format.                  the binary data format.
                     format.
 Device          92 x 78 x 11 mm             120 x 61 x 24 mm               116 x 68 x 21 mm
 dimensions
 Type of Device    EEG-based sleep monitor       EEG-based sleep monitor          EEG-based sleep monitor
 No. of EEG       4                         1                            1
 Channels
 Electrode         Mastoid                      Mastoid                         Mastoid
 Placement
 Analyze EEG      Yes                         n/a                             Yes
 Data in Real
 time
 Sleep          Wake and Sleep            Wake and Sleep               Wake and Sleep
 Classification


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 4

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


 EEG Analysis      Proprietary adaptive          n/a                                Proprietary adaptive algorithm
 Methodology      algorithm using time and                                          using time and frequency
                    frequency domain features                                  domain features
 Can Provide      Yes                         n/a                             Yes
 Information to
  Assist the
 Physician in
 Diagnosis of
 Sleep
 Disorders?
 Can Provide      Yes                         n/a                             Yes
 Information to
  Assist the
 Physician in the
 Application of
 Treatment
 Provide          Yes                         n/a                             Yes
 Information to
  Assist Physician
  in the
 Evaluation of
 Treatment
  Efficacy?
  Calculates        Yes                         n/a                             Yes
 Summary Sleep
  Statistics?
 Battery           Yes                          Yes                             Yes
 Powered?

The table above shows that there are no significant differences between Zmachine Synergy and the
predicate devices that adversely affect product safety and effectiveness.


Testing Summary

Design and verification activities have been performed on the Falcon HST as a result of the risk analysis
and product requirements. External tests have been completed for electrical safety (IEC 60601-1:2005
(Third Edition) + COR1:2006 + COR2:2007 + A1:2012 + A2:2020), EMC (IEC 60601-1-2:2014 + A1:2020,
EN 60601-1-2:2015+A1:2021), and mechanical and environmental requirements (IEC 60601-1-
11:2015+A1:2020). In addition, side-by-side bench comparison testing summarized in the table below,
was performed in which a Falcon HST was compared against a Zmachine Synergy (K172986).


 Test         Test Method Summary                   Results
 EEG Input   EEG is sensed by the Falcon HST and       The EEG characteristics were found to be
 Circuit       Zmachine Synergy using the identical EEG    in high agreement with the design limits
                amplifier and analog-to-digital conversion    for all points of comparison. As such, the
               hardware. As such, the acquired signals     EEG recording capabilities were found to
              from both systems are expected to be       be substantially equivalent.
                 substantially equivalent.

             To test, an arbitrary waveform generator
             was connected to the EEG input of a Falcon
            HST and Zmachine Synergy device.

                 Signals were generated by connecting this
                 arbitrary waveform generator to the
              systems electrodes. Tests were not


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 5

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


              performed simultaneously, as waveforms
             were able to be replicated for each test
               using the same waveform generator.
 Respiratory  Respiratory Effort is sensed by the Falcon   The acquired data from each system
 Effort       HST using a thoracic and abdominal effort   was analyzed in order to compare the
                   belt, however Zmachine Synergy uses only   Respiratory Effort readings.
              a thoracic effort belt to record chest
               expansion and contraction during          Both units produced similar readings. As
                inhalation and exhalation (i.e. respiratory    such, the Respiratory Effort
                   effort).                                        characteristics were found to be
                                                               substantially equivalent.
             To test, the Falcon HST and Zmachine
              Synergy were subject to simulated
                inhalation and exhalation. As such, the
               acquired signals from both systems are
               expected to be substantially equivalent.

 Respiratory  Respiratory Airflow is sensed by the        The acquired data from each system
 Airflow       Falcon HST and Zmachine Synergy using    was analyzed in order to compare the
               the similar pressure transducer hardware.   Respiratory Airflow readings.
             As such, the acquired signals from both
              systems are expected to be substantially     Both units produced similar readings. As
                equivalent.                                  such, the Respiratory Airflow
                                                                characteristics were found to be
                Testing required use of nasal cannula in      substantially equivalent.
               the same setting with the same breathing
                rate for both products.

             The acquired signals from both systems
               are expected to be substantially equivalent.
 Body        Body Position is sensed by the Falcon HST   The acquired data from the Falcon HST
 Position     and Zmachine Synergy using an            and Zmachine Synergy was analyzed in
               accelerometer module.                     order to compare the appropriate body
                                                             position readings.
             As both systems are measuring the angle of
               the system with respect to gravity, and      As such, the Body Position recording
              both systems are worn by the patient in the   capabilities were found to be
             same configuration, the acquired signal       substantially equivalent.
              from both systems are expected to be
                 substantially equivalent if it can be
              demonstrated that the Falcon HST reports
               angle with regard to gravity appropriately
                against an angular reference. To test, the
               Falcon HST and Zmachine Synergy devices
               are rotated through 360 degrees against an
               angular reference.
 Pulse         Pulse Oximetry is sensed by the Falcon HST  The acquired data from each system
 Oximetry    and Zmachine Synergy using identical      was analysed in order to compare the
               pulse oximeter hardware and similar data    Pulse Oximeter readings.
               output modes. The device used was a
             NOnin Medical 3150 WristOx, being FDA    The heart rate and oxygen saturation
              approved as per FDA 510K Nonin Medical    readings were found to be in high
             3150 WristOx – K102350 As such, the       agreement when comparing the two
               acquired signals from both are expected to   systems together. As such, the Pulse
              be substantially equivalent. Testing was     Oximeter recording capabilities were
              performed by attaching the pulse oximeter   found to be substantially equivalent.


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 6

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
                                                                 Compumedics Limited
                                                                                      Falcon HST


                 to the index finger and obtaining a reading
              from the device one at a time, under the     Both units produced similar readings. As
             same conditions.                             such, the Pulse Oximeter recording
                                                                  capabilities were found to be
              As such, the acquired signals from both       substantially equivalent.
              systems are expected to be substantially
                 equivalent.


Additionally, following performance test was performed:
    •   Electroencephalograph safety and performance testing as per IEC 80601-2-26:2019. Testing
        against the particular standard for electroencephalograph includes validation against multiple
         essential performance requirements such as accuracy of amplitude and rate of variation signal
        reproduction, input dynamic range and differential offset voltage, input noise, frequency
        response, and common mode rejection ratio.
    •   Ambulatory Electrocardiography systems safety and essential performance testing as per IEC
       60601-2-47:2012.
    •   Secondary cells and batteries containing alkaline or other non-acid electrolytes - Safety
       requirements for portable sealed secondary cells, and for batteries made from them, for use in
        portable applications - Part 2: Lithium systems IEC 62133-2:2017/AMD1:2021
    •   Bench testing against Falcon functional requirements to ensure that performance meets
       hardware and software design specifications including functionality substantially equivalent to
        the Zmachine Synergy predicate device.

All tests passed with results equivalent to the Zmachine Synergy and Zmachine DT-100 and did not raise
additional concerns of safety and effectiveness. Clinical performance testing was provided to validate that
the performance of the Profusion PSG software 5.1 produces substantially equivalent results for
calculating the apnea hypopnea index (AHI) and sleep staging (N1, N2, N3, REM and Wake) when
compared to expert review of gold standard polysomnography data.

Conclusion

Compumedics Ltd. considers the Falcon HST to be substantially equivalent to its primary predicate device
the Zmachine Synergy and predicate device the Zmachine DT-100. The indications for use, technological
characteristics, and underlying principles of operation are the same. There are no questions of safety and
effectiveness, and substantial equivalence is supported by extensive performance testing data.


AJ231 Falcon 510k Summary                                                     Page 7