December 10, 2024


Intuitive Surgical Inc.
℅ Jyh-Shyan (Jesse) Lin
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
1266 Kifer Road
SUNNYVALE, CA 94086


Re: K242461
    Trade/Device Name: IRISeg
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: August 19, 2024
    Received: August 19, 2024


Dear Jyh-Shyan (Jesse) Lin:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242461 - Jyh-Shyan (Jesse) Lin                                                       Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242461 - Jyh-Shyan (Jesse) Lin                                                       Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242461
Device Name
IRISeg
Indications for Use (Describe)
IRISeg is intended for use as a software application that receives DICOM compliant contrastenhanced CT images, provides manual and machine learning-enabled tools for image analysis and
segmentation, and creates an output file that can be used to render a 3D model for preoperative
surgical planning and intraoperative display. The use of IRISeg may include the generation of
preliminary segmentations using machine learning algorithms. IRISeg is intended for use by
qualified professionals. The output file is meant for visual, non-diagnostic use and shall be reviewed
by clinicians who are responsible for all final patient management decisions.
The machine learning enabled kidney CT auto-segmentation tool is intended for use for adult
patients with contrast-enhanced, axial kidney CT images with slice thickness 3mm or less.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242461
                                        510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of Safe Medical Device Act (SMDA) 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

1.  SUBMITTER

    510(k) Owner:                 Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
                           1266 Kifer Road
                                Sunnyvale, CA 94086
    Contact:                    Jyh-Shyan Lin
                                Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                           Phone Number: 408-523-4952
                                 Email: jesse.lin@intusurg.com
   Date Prepared:           November 15, 2024

2.  SUBJECT DEVICE INFORMATION

   Manufacturer Name:         Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
    510(k) Number:           K242461
   Trade Name:                 IRISeg
   Common Name:            Medical image processing software
    Classification:                Class II
                           21 CFR 892.2050
                              Medical image management and processing system
    Primary Product Codes:    QIH
    Associate Product Code:     LLZ
   Review Panel:              System, Image Processing, Radiological

3.  PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION
   Manufacturer Name:         Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
    510(k) Number:            K182643, last cleared on February 22, 2019
   Trade Name:                  IRIS 1.0 System
   Common Name:            Medical image processing software
    Classification:                Class II
                           21 CFR 892.2050
                              Medical image management and processing system
    Product Code:               LLZ
   Review Panel:              System, Image Processing, Radiological
No reference devices were used in this submission.


                                                                                 Page 1

4.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

IRISeg Version 3.1 (“IRISeg”)  is a standalone software application created by Intuitive Surgical for
segmentation of contrast-enhanced kidney CT images and generation of output files that can be rendered
as virtual 3D models of kidney organs. IRISeg is designed to provide qualified professionals (“users”) with
manual and machine learning (ML)-based tools for segmentation of kidney anatomy based on CT scans.
Input File
IRISeg can open and load CT imaging files in DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine)
format, and label map files (2D segmented labels) in NIfTI (Neuroimaging Informatics Technology
Initiative) format from an accessible storage location.
Output File
Following the use of IRISeg to segment kidney CT imaging files, the software can be used to generate an output
file that can be used to render virtual segmented kidney 3D models.

IRISeg Manual Tools
IRISeg includes a variety of tools for users to manually edit segmentation labels such as Paintbrush tools,
Eraser  tools, Connected Component  Selection, Free Curve  Selection, Morphological  operations,
Mathematical Operations.
IRISeg manual tools can be used to modify the output of the ML-based auto-segmentation algorithm or
to label structures from scratch without the use of ML-based auto-segmentation. The ML-based autosegmentation does not generate mass labels. Users must segment and label renal masses with the manual
tools.
IRISeg ML-Based Auto-Segmentation Tools
IRISeg includes an ML-based auto-segmentation algorithm for automatic segmentation of four kidney
structures from CT imaging. The auto-segmentation algorithm is a neural network based ML algorithm. It
is trained on segmented kidney CT models that were sourced from clinical data processed during
commercial operation of the cleared IRIS 1.0 system (K182643). Each 3D model was reviewed by one U.S
board certified radiologist. The input is a 3D CT image (series of 2D slices). The output of the model is four
probability maps for kidney parenchyma, kidney artery, kidney vein, and collecting system. The probability
maps are thresholded to generate binary masks for kidney parenchyma, kidney artery, kidney vein and
collecting system. The ML-based auto-segmentation does not generate binary masks for kidney masses.
The algorithm output is intended as an initial estimate of the segmentation. The user must use the manual
tools to update the initial algorithm output to generate the kidney CT 3D model.
The development of IRISeg kidney CT ML-based auto-segmentation algorithm follows FDA’s Good
Machine Learning Practices for Medical Device Development: Guiding Principles, October 2021.


                                                                                 Page 2

5.  INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
IRISeg is intended for use as a software application that receives DICOM compliant contrast-enhanced CT
images, provides manual and machine learning-enabled tools for image analysis and segmentation, and
creates an output file that can be used to render a 3D model for preoperative surgical planning and
intraoperative display. The use of IRISeg may include the generation of preliminary segmentations using
machine learning algorithms. IRISeg is intended for use by qualified professionals. The output file is meant
for visual, non-diagnostic use and shall be reviewed by clinicians who are responsible for all final patient
management decisions.
The machine learning enabled kidney CT auto-segmentation tool is intended for use for adult patients
with contrast-enhanced, axial kidney CT images with slice thickness 3mm or less.

6. SUMMARY OF SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
The subject device has been developed as a standalone software application by modifying the
segmentation software application of the predicate device, the  IRIS 1.0 System (K182643). The
comparison with the predicate device is based on the intended use, indications for use, general design,
technological characteristics and operational principle/workflow. A summary of the subject device
compared to the segmentation software application (part of the predicate device) is provided below.
Comparison of Indications for Use and intended Use

             Predicate Device (K182643) -                          Subject Device
        Segmentation Software Application as                          IRISeg
                 part of IRIS 1.0 System
   Intended use for providing tools for image analysis  SAME intended use.
   and segmentation of kidney CT images.
   The IRIS 1.0 System is intended as a medical
   imaging system that allows the processing, review,
    analysis, communication, and media interchange                                              DIFFERENCE in Indications for use:
    of multi-dimensional digital images acquired from                                              The machine learning enabled kidney CT
   CT imaging devices. It is also intended as software                                                   auto-segmentation tool is intended for use
    for preoperative surgical planning, and as                                                           for adult patients with contrast-enhanced,
   software for the intraoperative display of the                                                               axial kidney CT images with slice thickness
   aforementioned multi-dimensional digital images.                                 3mm or less.
   The IRIS 1.0 System Is designed for use by health
    care professionals and is intended to assist the                                                        IRISeg is intended for use by qualified
    clinician who is responsible for making all final                                                          professionals.
    patient management decisions.


                                                                                 Page 3

Comparison of Device Characteristics

           Description          Predicate Device (K182643) -            Subject Device
                               IRISeg as part of IRIS 1.0 System               IRISeg
    Regulation Number       21 CFR §892.2050              21 CFR §892.2050
     Classification               Class II                            Class II
    Product Code              Primary: LLZ                      Primary: QIH; Associate: LLZ
    Prescription use          Rx only                       Rx only
    Host Hardware           General-purpose computer       General-purpose computer
    Compatibility            hardware                     hardware
    Intended population       Adult patients                    Adult patients
    Intended Users            Healthcare Professionals          Qualified Professionals
    Intended Clinical         The output file can be used to     Equivalent to the predicate
    Decision Support          render a 3D model for            device
                              preoperative surgical planning
                          and intraoperative display.
                          The output file is meant for
                                    visual, non-diagnostic use and
                                    shall be reviewed by clinicians
                      who are responsible for all final
                                patient management decisions.
    Principles of Operations   Manual segmentation alone       Equivalent to the predicate
    / Workflow              Auto-segmentation followed by   device
                          manual segmentation.
    User interface /           Graphical user interface design.   Equivalent to the predicate
    Environment               Office setting (Segmentation      device
                             Software Application running on
                           a general-purpose computer)
    Supported Input         DICOM-Compliant CT scans       Equivalent to the predicate
                                  Axial views, contrast enhanced    device
    Supported Output        Segmentation files that can be     Equivalent to the predicate
                           used to render a 3D model for     device
                              preoperative surgical planning
                          and intraoperative display
    Supported Segmentation  5 Kidney CT structures:            Equivalent to the predicate
    Structures               Parenchyma, Artery, Vein,        device
                                 Collecting System and Mass
   ML Auto-Segmentation   5 Kidney CT structures:          4 Kidney CT structures:
    Structures               Parenchyma, Artery, Vein,        Parenchyma, Artery, Vein and
                                 Collecting System and Mass        Collecting System

                                                                                 Page 4

Description          Predicate Device (K182643) -            Subject Device
                               IRISeg as part of IRIS 1.0 System               IRISeg
   Manual Tools             Various segmentation and        Equivalent to the predicate
                                selection tools for manual        device
                             segmentation.
   2D and 3D Visualization   Volume rendering, 3D model      Equivalent to the predicate
    Features                     visualization, 2D slice             device
                                   visualization.
    Segmentation Support    Metadata viewing                Equivalent to the predicate
    Features                                                  device

7.  RISK MANAGEMENT (SAFETY)
Risk is managed in compliance with ISO 14971, to identify and provide mitigation of potential hazards
throughout the software development  life cycle (SDLC).   Risks related to IRISeg ML-based autosegmentation algorithm is managed by following the AAMI CR34971 Guidance on the Application of ISO
14971 to  Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.  Clinical  risk  analysis,  usability  risk  analysis,
comparative task analysis, use-related risk analysis, Cybersecurity Risk Analysis, and Risk Assessment of offThe-Shelf Software are conducted, and the risks are mitigated throughout the SDLC.

8. PERFORMANCE DATA (EFFECTIVENESS)
Performance testing data demonstrate that the subject device  is substantially equivalent to the
segmentation software application in the predicate device IRIS 1.0 System (cleared under K182643), and
the design output meets the design input requirements. The performance testing included software
verification, machine-learning algorithm performance testing, cybersecurity testing, and design validation
testing.

Software Verification and Validation
Software verification and validation have been performed in accordance with IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-
06 Consolidated Version. Software documentation has been provided according to FDA’s Guidance,
Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” (June 14, 2023). IRISeg underwent
software verification and validation testing. The software testing included unit testing, integration testing,
functional testing, usability testing, segmentation performance testing, as well as the testing for clinical
and usability risks. Acceptance criteria were based on the requirements and intended use of IRISeg. Test
results showed that all tests met the acceptance criteria. The software testing results demonstrate the
IRISeg meets design specifications and user needs.

Machine Learning Auto-Segmentation Testing

IRISeg includes a ML-enabled kidney CT auto-segmentation algorithm. Intuitive conducted the bench
performance testing using clinical kidney CT images to help demonstrate that the proposed device
achieved the expected segmentation accuracy performance. Performance testing of the algorithm was

                                                                                 Page 5

done using clinical kidney CT scans. A total of 81 kidney CT scans were used to evaluate the algorithm. The
test dataset did not include more than one imaging study from any particular patient. No imaging study
used to verify performance was used for training; independence of training and testing data were
enforced at the level of the scanning institution, namely, studies sourced from a specific institution were
used for either training or testing but could not be used for both. The data used in testing ensured diversity
in patient population, scan parameters and scanner manufacturers. Subgroup analysis was performed to
ensure model performance was generalizable.

Performance was evaluated by comparing segmentations generated by the kidney CT machine learning
algorithm against segmentations generated by a consensus of three U.S Board Certified Radiologists for
the same imaging study. The performance of the machine learning model  is characterized by the
Sørensen–Dice coefficient (DSC) or the Mean Distance to Agreement (MDA) metric. All testing results are
presented on a 95% two-sided t-statistic confidence interval basis. Overall testing results across the entire
test dataset are summarized below.

      Test Case          Artery DSC      Parenchyma DSC        Vein DSC        Collecting System
                                                       MDA
   Overall Testing         [0.87, 0.90]           [0.95, 0.97]           [0.87, 0.89]             [1.3, 1.9]
       (N=81)
                                            Overall Testing Results

Cybersecurity Testing
The cybersecurity verification and validation testing were conducted, and cybersecurity was evaluated
per FDA’s Guidance “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions” (September, 2023). Specifically, addressing the following cybersecurity testing
areas: security requirement testing, threat mitigation testing, vulnerability testing, and penetration
testing. The cybersecurity verification and validation test results demonstrate the adequacy of the
implemented cybersecurity controls.
Labeling
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions to ensure safe and effective
use of IRISeg.
Labeling information including the prescription use (“Rx only”), the name and place of business of the
manufacturer, device description, indications for use, directions for use, cybersecurity labeling and
transparency labeling (per Transparency for Machine Learning-Enabled Medical Devices: Guiding Principles,
June 2024)  is provided in the subject device’s user manual. The UDI (per 21 CFR 801.50 Labeling
requirements for standalone software) is provided on the software About screen.

9.  CONCLUSION
The subject device IRISeg and the segmentation software application (part of the predicate device, IRIS
1.0 System (K182643)) are deemed to be substantially equivalent based on indications for use,
technological characteristics, and performance testing. IRISeg raises no new questions related to safety
or effectiveness.

                                                                                 Page 6