March 31, 2025

TribusMed Beheer BV
Johan Vogelaar
COO
Oude Vest 9
Breda, 4811HR
Netherlands

Re: K242166
    Trade/Device Name: TribusConnect
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: July 24, 2024
    Received: February 24, 2025

Dear Johan Vogelaar:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

K242166 - Johan Vogelaar                                                             Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K242166 - Johan Vogelaar                                                             Page  3


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

Submission Number (if known)
 K242166

Device Name
 TribusConnect


Indications for Use (Describe)
 TribusConnect is a medical image management and processing device which facilitates remote
 viewing on different locations of CT images stored in DICOM format, allowing healthcare
 professionals to access, review, manipulate, measure and visualize simulated patient data from
 different sources.
 TribusConnect is suitable for, but not limited to, pre-procedural planning of cardiac interventions and
 post procedural analysis of cardiac interventions.

 To facilitate the above, TribusConnect uses CT DICOM data to output volume renderings, ML-based
 heart segmentation, a simulated fluoroscopy view, endo views, MIP and MPR views.
 Measurements can only be performed on MPR views.

 TribusConnect is not intended for diagnostic use on mobile displays.
 TribusConnect is not intended to serve as the primary archive for medical imaging data.
 TribusConnect is an adjunct tool and is not intended to replace a physician’s own review on the
 images.
 The intended patient population is comprised of adult patients (22 years of age and older)
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                 Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

TribusConnect 510(k) Summary (K242166)
The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in
accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR
807.92.
Date: March 30, 2025

Contact details
Applicant Name: TribusMed Beheer BV
Applicant Address: Oude Vest 9 Breda 4811HR Netherlands
Applicant Contact Telephone: +31 6 36192511
Applicant Contact: Johan Vogelaar
Applicant Contact Email: johan.vogelaar@tribusmed.com

Device
Device Trade Name: TribusConnect
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Common Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code(s): QIH, LLZ

Legally Marketed Predicate Devices
Predicate #   Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first) Product Code
K141061    RemotEye Viewer                                LLZ
K222593     TruPlan Computed Tomography (CT) Imaging Software  QIH

Device Description Summary
TribusConnect consists of the following components:

   •  The cloud component performs rendering, provides access to imaging data,
      ensures secure user authentication, and safeguards data with encryption both in
        transit and at rest.
   •  The web-based viewer application is accessible through standard web
      browsers on desktops, tablets, and mobile devices.

The device has only one model.
TribusConnect is a cloud-based software application that facilitates remote viewing on
different locations of CT images stored in DICOM format, allowing healthcare
professionals to access, review, manipulate, measure and visualize simulated patient
data from different sources through a secure internet connection. TribusConnect offers
a secure and efficient solution for accessing, reviewing, and visualizing CT images in
DICOM format. Measurements can be performed on MPR views. TribusConnect is


Page 1 of 15

provided to its users as a Saas solution, TribusMed will be in control of installation,
configuration, updates etc.
TribusConnect can be used in healthcare facilities, hospitals, and remote locations,
including home environments, when accessed by authorized users through a secure
internet connection.
CT scans can be uploaded to the server and will be de-identified before the upload. On
the server the heart structures will be segmented using a ML based algorithm. Also a ML
based semi-automated localization of the Left Atrial Appendage (LAA) will be
performed.
All rendering of image data is done on the server te results can be viewed on standard
computing devices (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, smartphone) with an internet
connection.
Images can be rendered as Volume rendering, segmentations, simulated fluoroscopy,
endo view, MIP or MPR. The user can interact with the data like zooming, rotating,
changing the window. On the MPR views measurements can be performed.
The device’s cloud infrastructure and encryption protocols ensure data protection and
compliance with security standards.
protection and compliance with security standards. The client operates on standard
computing devices (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, smartphone) with an internet
connection and requires no dedicated energy source as it leverages the user’s device
power.
TribusConnect is a software application that does not involve physical materials with
patient contact and operates through cloud infrastructure and standard web browsers.
TribusConnect is supported in the following configurations:
•     PC: Windows with Edge or Chrome
•     Mac: MacOS with Safari or Chrome
•      iPad: iPadOS with Safari or Chrome
•     iPhone: iOS with Safari or Chrome
•      Tablet: Android with Chrome
•     Smartphone: Android with Chrome
Note: TribusConnect is not intended for diagnostic use on mobile displays.
For interacting with TribusConnect the following internet bandwidth is recommended:
Upload: 5 Mbps
Download: 20 Mbps


Page 2 of 15

The software provides the following Manual Quantitative Imaging Functions. These
measurements can be used on the MPR views only. The accuracy of all measurements
is within 5% of the true value.

 Measurement        Results

 Distance             Distance between two points in mm
 measurement

 (Open) spline         Distance over a non-straight trajectory in mm

 Closed spline         Area in mm², perimeter, area derived diameter, perimeter
                       derived diameter, min diameter and max diameter all in mm

 Angle                Angle in degrees

 Hounsfield probe (3D  The HU (Hounsfield unit) of the underlying pixel
 Marker)

Intended Use/Indications for Use
Intended Use
TribusConnect is a cloud-based DICOM viewer designed for medical professionals to
securely access, review, manipulate, measure and visualize DICOM images. The
software is intended to be used by trained healthcare professionals, including but not
limited to radiologists, physicians, nurses, and technicians.
Indications for use
TribusConnect is a medical image management and processing device which facilitates
remote viewing on different locations of CT images stored in DICOM format, allowing
healthcare professionals to access, review, manipulate, measure and visualize
simulated patient data from different sources.
TribusConnect is suitable for, but not limited to, pre-procedural planning of cardiac
interventions and post procedural analysis of cardiac interventions.
To facilitate the above, TribusConnect uses CT DICOM data to output volume
renderings, ML-based heart segmentation, a simulated fluoroscopy view, endo views,
MIP and MPR views.
Measurements can only be performed on MPR views.

TribusConnect is not intended for diagnostic use on mobile displays.
TribusConnect is not intended to serve as the primary archive for medical imaging data.
TribusConnect is an adjunct tool and is not intended to replace a physician’s own
review on the images.
The intended patient population is comprised of adult patients (22 years of age and
older)


Page 3 of 15

Comparison with predicate devices:
       The detailed analysis of the subject device and the primary and secondary predicate
        devices (shown in the Device comparison table) demonstrates that the subject device is
         substantially equivalent in indications for use / intended use, technological
         characteristics, functionality, and operating principles with the primary predicate
        (K141061) and with the secondary predicate (K222593). Of the three characteristics
         (technical, biological, and clinical) required for the demonstration of equivalence,
         biological characteristics are not applicable since the subject device and both
        predicate devices are software as a medical device application with no tangible
       component interfacing with the body.
                                   Device comparison table
                     TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
Device name           TribusConnect           RemotEye Viewer          TruPlan Computed
                                                                   Tomography (CT)
                                                                        Imaging Software
Device manufacturer    TribusMed BV            NeoLogica s.r.l.             Circle Cardiovascular
                                                                        Imaging Inc.
510(k) number         K242166                K141061               K222593

Regulation name       Medical image              Picture archiving and      Medical image
                   management and         communications system  management and
                       processing system                                  processing system
Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050

Product code         QIH                     LLZ                     QIH, LLZ

Regulatory Class              II                                             II                                            II


       Page 4 of 15

TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
Intended use           TribusConnect is a cloud-  The RemotEye Viewer      TruPlan enables
                     based DICOM viewer       software product is         visualization and
                      designed for medical       intended to be used as a   measurement of
                        professionals to securely   functional, web based      structures of the heart
                       access, review,           medical image viewer to   and vessels for:
                       manipulate, measure and  download, review,            - Pre-procedural
                           visualize DICOM images.    interpret, manipulate,      planning and sizing for
                     The software is intended    visualize and print         the left atrial appendage
                         to be used by trained       medical multi-modality    closure (LAAC)
                        healthcare professionals,  image data in DICOM      procedure
                         including but not limited    format also stored in         - Post-procedural
                         to radiologists,           remote locations with      evaluation for the LAAC
                         physicians, nurses, and    respect to the viewing     procedure
                         technicians.                   site. When interpreted by
                                           a trained physician, the
                                              medical images
                                                  displayed by RemotEye
                                               Viewer can be used as an
                                             element for diagnosis.
                                                      Typical users of
                                          RemotEye Viewer are
                                                     trained professionals,
                                                    including but not limited
                                                     to radiologists,
                                                    physicians, nurses and
                                                    technicians.


       Page 5 of 15

TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
Indications for use      TribusConnect is a        The RemotEye Viewer      TruPlan enables
                      medical image            software product is         visualization and
                   management and          intended to be used as a   measurement of
                       processing device which    functional, web based      structures of the heart
                            facilitates remote viewing  medical image viewer to   and vessels for:
                    on different locations of    download, review,            - Pre-procedural
                   CT images stored in         interpret, manipulate,      planning and sizing for
                 DICOM format, allowing     visualize and print         the left atrial appendage
                        healthcare professionals   medical multi-modality    closure (LAAC)
                         to access, review,         image data in DICOM      procedure
                       manipulate, measure and  format also stored in         - Post-procedural
                           visualize                remote locations with      evaluation for the LAAC
                       simulated patient data     respect to the viewing     procedure
                      from different sources.       site. When interpreted by
                      TribusConnect is suitable  a trained physician, the
                                for, but not limited to, pre-  medical images
                       procedural planning of     displayed by RemotEye
                        cardiac interventions and   Viewer can be used as an
                       post procedural analysis   element for diagnosis.
                          of cardiac interventions.    Typical users of
                                          RemotEye Viewer are
                       To facilitate the above,      trained professionals,
                      TribusConnect uses CT     including but not limited
                 DICOM data to output      to radiologists,
                     volume renderings, ML-     physicians, nurses and
                     based heart                technicians.
                       segmentation, a
                       simulated fluoroscopy
                         view, endo views, MIP and
                 MPR views.
                    Measurements can only
                    be performed on MPR
                        views.

                      TribusConnect is not
                       intended for diagnostic
                     use on mobile displays.
                      TribusConnect is not
                       intended to serve as the


       Page 6 of 15

TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
                       primary archive for
                      medical imaging data.
                      TribusConnect is an
                       adjunct tool and is not
                       intended to replace a
                         physician’s own review on
                       the images.
                     The intended patient
                       population is comprised
                          of adult patients (22 years
                          of age and older)


Patient population      The intended patient     No limitations in 510(k) or  TruPlan’s intended
                       population is comprised    IFU                        patient population is
                          of adult patients (22 years   Similar, The fact that a     comprised of adult
                          of age and older)           portion of the population   patients.
                                                                is not within the scope of  Same
                                                TribusConnect does not
                                                  introduce new risks.
Input data           CT (In DICOM format)       Multi modality DICOM    CT (In DICOM format)
                                               compliant (Including CT)
                                                         Same
                                                         Similar, more supported
                                                   modalities


       Page 7 of 15

TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
Patient study           • Study/series previewing   • Study/series previewing   • Study/series
management           • Exporting                • Exporting                previewing
                       • Deleting                 • Deleting                • Exporting
                       • Anonymizing             • Anonymizing            • Deleting
                       • Search                  • Search                  • Anonymizing
                                                                           • Search
                                     Same
                                                         Same
Measurement          • Distance (length,        Advanced distance, area,  • Distance (length,
functionality            diameter,                 angle and density          diameter,
                        perimeter)              measurement tools        perimeter)
                       • Area                      (including SUV for PET     • Area
                       • Angle                    images), plus several      • Angle
                       • Signal intensity           graphical annotation       • Signal intensity
                                                         tools.                    • Coordinates
                                          Measurement of CTR
                                                   (Cardio-Thoracic Ratio)   Same
                                                   also supported.

                                     Same
Visualization/rendering  • 2D                      • 2D                      • 2D
                       • 3D                      • 3D                      • 3D
                       • 4D                      • MPR / MIP / MinIP /AvgIP  • 4D
                       • MPR                    • Annotations             • MPR
                       • Annotations                                       • MIP
                       • Segmented 3D volume    Similar. No information     • Annotations
                                               could be found whether    • Segmented 3D volume
                                      4D is supported, since 4D
                                             as implemented in       Same
                                                TribusConnect and
                                                  TruPlan is a sequence of
                                      3D images played in a
                                                 movie, this will not
                                                  introduce a new risk
Segmentations       ML based segmentation   No segmentation       ML based segmentation
                          of all heart chambers,                                          left atrium, left ventricle,
                          aorta, pulmonary trunk                                        left atrial appendage
                    and vena cava                                 and the aorta. (Left


       Page 8 of 15

TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
                                                                                  heart)
                                                                  Manual sculpting

                                                                                       Similar, The same
                                                                              underlying technique is
                                                                  used the algorithm in
                                                                        TribusConnect is trained
                                                                                 to identify more
                                                                                   structures, this does not
                                                                            introduce new risks.
                                                                 Absence of the sculpting
                                                                                 feature does not
                                                                            introduce new risks.
Left atrial appendage   Semi-Automated        No such functionality       Localization of LAA
localization              Localization of LAA                              appendage
                    appendage
                                                                                       Similar, since
                                                                        TribusConnect does not
                                                                             automatically suggest
                                                                 measurements like
                                                                                 TruPlan, no new risks are
                                                                              introduced.
Session saving          Analysis is stored in a     DICOM presentation       Analysis is saved in a
                     “Saved session”            states and Key note       saved session.
                                             images
                                                         Same
                                                         Similar, the saved
                                                 sessions in
                                                TribusConnect also
                                                  contain information
                                              about the orientation of
                                                  the MPR planes and
                                               volumes, this does not
                                                  introduce new risks
Collaboration          Shared sessions          Cloud-based peer-to-      Sessions are saved on a
                                               peer image sharing         central location and
                                                         functionalities.             available for other users.


       Page 9 of 15

TribusConnect          RemotEye Viewer        TruPlan
                       (Subject device)          (Primary Predicate)      (Secondary Predicate)
                                     Same                        Similar, work can be
                                                                       shared via a saved
                                                                               session, but no “live”
                                                                   image sharing, this does
                                                                          not introduce new risks
Upload of data            File system based upload  DICOM protocol and      Supports DICOM
                          of DICOM files.            import from disk           connectivity and filesystem based upload of
                                     Same                  image data.

                                                         Same
Storage of data        Cloud                  Cloud                    Laptop, on-premise
                                                                               server
                                     Same
                                                                                       Similar, an on-premise
                                                                               server is not necessarily
                                                                           accessible via the
                                                                                       internet, the risks
                                                                           introduced by the cloud
                                                               component are handled
                                                                                          in the cyber security risk
                                                                   assessment and
                                                           deemed acceptable
Technical environment  Cloud based zero         RemotEye Viewer is       Windows/Apple based
                          footprint viewer, users     compatible with           desktop/laptop
                    can access the viewer     Windows, Mac OS X and    application.
                       through a standard web    Linux clients.
                      browser on their                                           Similar, TribusConnect
                       desktops, laptops, or        Similar, TribusConnect is    is supported on more
                      mobile devices.           supported on more        devices and cloud
                                                    devices, the possible      based, the possible risks
                                                          risks introduced by this     introduced by this are
                                                  are evaluated as part of    evaluated as part of the
                                                  the risk management        risk management
                                                            activities and deemed       activities and deemed
                                               acceptable               acceptable


       Page 10 of 15

Predicate device discussion
Indications for Use Comparison

TribusConnect and the primary predicate device, RemotEye Viewer (K141061), share
the same indications for use, both facilitating web-based image viewing. While
TribusConnect supports fewer imaging modalities and has a more limited intended
patient population, performance testing confirmed that these differences do not
compromise safety or effectiveness. Validation studies demonstrated equivalent
diagnostic image quality, usability, and accuracy in supported modalities, ensuring
consistent clinical performance. Therefore, these differences do not introduce new
risks.
The secondary predicate device, TruPlan (K222593), is specifically intended for LAAC
procedures. TribusConnect supports a broader range of cardiac interventions using
similar imaging and measurement techniques, with a consistent patient population.
Validation of the algorithm confirmed equivalent performance, and no new risks were
identified. Therefore, the intended use of TribusConnect is very similar to that of
TruPlan, and these differences do not introduce new risks.

Technological Comparison
Visualization Techniques and Measurements:
Both TribusConnect and RemotEye Viewer offer the same range of visualization
techniques and measurements. This suggests parity in their basic functionalities for
viewing medical imaging data.

Web-based Platforms:
Both TribusConnect and RemotEye Viewer are web-based viewers, meaning they can be
accessed remotely via browsers.

Modalities Supported:
TribusConnect supports only CT scans, while RemotEye Viewer supports multiple
modalities. This provides more flexibility with RemotEye Viewer but does not introduce
new risks according to verification and validation tests.

Heart Segmentation:
TruPlan uses machine learning to segment four heart structures, while TribusConnect
uses ml to identify seven. Despite the difference in the number of structures identified,
validation shows that TribusConnect does not introduce any new safety or performance
issues.

LAA Localization Tool:


Page 11 of 15

The LAA localization method in TruPlan is designed for initiating a landingzone
measurement. In TribusConnect, the method is used as a navigation tool only. This
distinction does not introduce new risks, reinforcing the system's safety.

Overall Evaluation of the technological comparison :
Both systems maintain similar levels of safety and performance. TribusConnect does
not introduce new technological characteristics, staying within previously validated
boundaries. Its additional functionalities, like supporting more heart structures does
not introduce new risks. Therefore, TribusConnect offers comparable performance and
safety without new technological changes.

Regulatory History
Currently, no warning letters, product recalls, or reports in the MAUDE database have
been identified for either RemotEye Viewer or TruPlan.

Conclusion of the Predicate device discussion
Based on the substantial similarities in intended use, technical characteristics, and the
use of equivalent segmentation techniques, along with the absence of regulatory
concerns for the predicate devices, TribusConnect is deemed substantially equivalent.
It is concluded that TribusConnect does not introduce any new issues and is as safe
and effective as the predicate devices, RemotEye Viewer and TruPlan.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions
Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design
requirements in accordance with IEC 62304:2015, ISO 14971:2019, and NEMA 3.1-3.20
(2016) DICOM standard.

Software Verification:
A test plan was created and executed to ensure that all requirements were
implemented according to specifications, and all test cases passed successfully.
Manual measurements were thoroughly validated using phantom studies,
demonstrating that all performance criteria were met, with measurement results falling
within 5% of the true value.
Verification testing was conducted to confirm the device’s specifications and
performance in accordance with the FDA guidance documents:

   •  Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions
   •  Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
       of Premarket Submissions
   •  Technical Performance Assessment of Quantitative Imaging in Radiological
      Device Premarket Submissions


Page 12 of 15

Cybersecurity Testing:
A penetration test was conducted by an external company, and the cybersecurity
assessment was successfully completed, validating the system’s security measures
and resilience. No issues classified as medium or higher were identified.
Cybersecurity testing was performed in accordance with the FDA guidance document:

   •  Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
       of Premarket Submissions

Validation of the machine learning based algorithms:
For the validation of the algorithms, 100 CTA volumes were collected from 14 sites
across the United States. No specific patient selection criteria were applied, and the
volumes from each site generally consisted of consecutive cases. The data,
retrospectively gathered, was anonymized before being shared with TribusMed.
The sites providing data for the training dataset are different from the validation dataset,
that is, no sites used for training are used for validation. Each dataset is acquired form
an unique patient.

Details dataset used
   •  Patients - 100
   •  Male - 59
   •  Female - 40
   •  Unknown - 1
   •  Age (y) - 76 (52 - 91)
   •  Slice thickness (mm) - 0.63 (0.50 - 2.50)
   •  Slice count - 303 (106 - 868)
   •  In-plane resolution (mm) - 0.49 (0.30 - 0.87)
   •  Field Of View (mm) - 160 (103 - 347)
   •  Tube potential (kVp) - 120 (70 - 135)
   •  X-ray tube current (mA) - 571 (101 - 2442)
   •  LAA morphology
       o  Chicken Wing - 42
       o  Cactus - 42
       o  Windsock - 14
   •  LAA Thrombus / Bad Filling - 18
   •  Manufacturers:
       o  Toshiba /Canon - 12
       o  Philips - 6
       o  Siemens - 42
       o GE - 38


Page 13 of 15

Validation of Heart segmentation
Acceptance criteria Heart segmentation:
   •   In at least 80% of cases bone removal should performed correctly
   •   In at least 80% of cases each segmented structure should be clearly visible
   •   In at least 80% of cases the rendered view of the heart should be clinically
      usable
Validation of Heart segmentation is performed by 2 US board certified radiologists who
qualitatively evaluated the performance.
Validation results Heart segmentation:
   •  100% of cases bone removal correct
   •  99% of cases each segmented structure is clearly visible
   •  100% of cases the rendered view of the heart is clinically usable
Due to this low failure rate, a subgroup analysis would not provide meaningful insight

Validation of LAA Localization
Acceptance criteria LAA Localization:
   •  LAA localized within 10mm of the landing zone contour center as computed by
      the predicate device, in 95% of all cases, with a confidence of 95% and a
        statistical power of 80%
Validation of the LAA localization feature is performed by comparing the results with the
predicate device TruPlan( K222593)
Acceptance criteria LAA Localization:
   •  97% of the cases are within 10mm of the landing zone contour center as
     computed by the predicate device
Validation results of the LAA localization feature:
Average distance was 4.40 mm, and its standard deviation was 2.74 mm. 95 out of 98
cases (97%) had a distance < 10 mm while the maximum distance was 12.2 mm.
Based on subgroup analysis it is concluded that the method can be deemed
generalizable, reliable, and suitable for use across all tested condition

As stated above, the heart segmentation and LAA localization features have been
validated on scans with the following characteristics:
Scanner manufacturers: Toshiba/Cannon, Philips, Siemens, GE
Slice thickness (mm): 0,50-2,50
Slice count :106-868
In-plane resolution (mm): 0,30-0,87
Field Of View (mm): 103-347
Tube potential (kVp): 70-135
X-ray tube current (mA): 101-2442


Page 14 of 15

For a safe and effective outcome of the Heart Segmentation and LAA localization, the
parameters of the scan used should fall within the specified ranges or match the
provided list, as detailed in the table above.

Clinical testing:
As stated above the validation of the ML algorithms is performed retrospectively on
clinical scans. The segmentations have been validated by physicians.
Further no clinical studies were necessary to support substantial equivalence.

Conclusion:
The information submitted in this premarket notification, including performance testing
and predicate device comparisons, demonstrates that TribusConnect is at least as safe
and effective, and performs at least as well as the legally marketed predicate devices
K222593 and K141061.


Page 15 of 15