March 18, 2025

Quibim S.L.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th St NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K242683
    Trade/Device Name: QP-Prostate® CAD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection And Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: February 14, 2025
    Received: February 14, 2025

Dear John J. Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242683 - John J. Smith                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K242683 - John J. Smith                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242683

Device Name
QP-Prostate® CAD


Indications for Use (Describe)
QP-Prostate® CAD is a Computed Aided Detection and Diagnosis (CADe/CADx) image processing software that
automatically detects and identifies suspected lesions in the prostate gland based on bi-parametric prostate MRI. The
software is intended to be used as a concurrent read by physicians with proper training in a clinical setting as an aid for
interpreting prostate MRI studies. The results can be displayed in a variety of DICOM outputs, including identified
suspected lesions marked as an overlay onto source MR images. The output can be displayed on third-party DICOM
workstations and Picture Archive and Communication Systems (PACS). Patient management decisions should not be
based solely on the results of QP-Prostate® CAD.

Intended patient population:
Patients above 40 years with prostate MR imaging.

Intended users:
QP-Prostate® CAD is intended to be used by physicians with proper training, including radiologists, urologists and any
physician qualified to read and interpret prostate MRI consistent with ACR recommendations in the context of PI-RADS.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                         Quibim’s QP-Prostate® CAD
                                  (K242683)

Submitter
Quibim S.L.
Avenida Aragon 30, 13th floor, Office I-J, 46021 Valencia (Spain)

Phone:
    •  +34 961 243 255

Contact Person:
    •  Ángel Alberich Bayarri, CEO and Founder of Quibim
    •  Josep Hortigüela Zamora, VP of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs

Date Prepared: March 12, 2025

Name of Device: QP-Prostate® CAD
Common or Usual Name: CAD software for lesions suspicious for clinically significant
prostate cancer
Classification Name: 892.2090 radiological computer assisted detection/diagnosis
software for lesions suspicious for cancer
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: QDQ

Predicate Device
    •   Applicant: ScanMed, LLC
    •   Device’s trade name: ProstatIDTM
    •   510(k) number: K212783
    •   Product code: QDQ

Device Description
QP-Prostate® CAD  is an  artificial intelligence-based Computed Aided Detection and
Diagnosis (CADe/CADx) image processing software. QP-Prostate® CAD uses AI-based
algorithms trained with pathology data to detect suspicious lesions for clinically significant
prostate cancer. The device automatically detects and identifies suspected lesions in the
prostate gland based on bi-parametric prostate MRI and provides marks over regions of the
images that may contain suspected lesions. There are two possible markers that are
provided in different colors suggesting different levels of suspicion of clinically significant
prostate cancer (moderate or high suspicion level).

The software is intended to be used as a concurrent read by physicians with proper training
in a clinical setting as an aid for interpreting prostate MRI studies. The results can be
displayed in a variety of DICOM outputs, including identified suspected lesions marked as an
overlay onto source MR images. The output can be displayed on third-party DICOM
workstations and Picture Archive and Communication Systems (PACS). Based on  biparametric input consisting of T2W and DWI series, the analysis is run automatically, and the
output in standard DICOM formats is returned to PACS.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

QP-Prostate® CAD is a Computed Aided Detection and Diagnosis (CADe/CADx) image
processing software that automatically detects and identifies suspected lesions in the
prostate gland based on bi-parametric prostate MRI. The software is intended to be used as
a concurrent read by physicians with proper training in a clinical setting as an aid for
interpreting prostate MRI studies. The results can be displayed in a variety of DICOM outputs,
including identified suspected lesions marked as an overlay onto source MR images. The
output can be displayed on third-party DICOM workstations and Picture Archive and
Communication Systems (PACS). Patient management decisions should not be based solely
on the results of QP-Prostate® CAD.

Intended patient population:

Patients above 40 years with prostate MR imaging.

Intended users:

QP-Prostate® CAD is intended to be used by physicians with proper training, including
radiologists, urologists and any physician qualified to read and interpret prostate MRI
consistent with ACR recommendations in the context of PI-RADS.

Comparison to predicate device

       QP-Prostate® CAD and  the  predicate  device  ProstatIDTM have  very  similar
        indications statements. Both are medical image processing applications intended for
       concurrent reading for physicians interpreting prostate MRI identifying suspected
        lesions and assessing likelihood for prostate cancer. Both devices generate a 3D
        rendition. ProstatIDTM provides the regional overlay scores on a continuous scale
       ranging from 0-1, presented as a colorized translucent overlay, and a suggested level
        of suspicion or overall PI-RADS score, whereas QP-Prostate® CAD provides overlay
       markings around the detected suspicious lesions, in two possible colors suggesting
         different levels of suspicion of clinically significant prostate cancer (moderate or high).

Summary of Technological Characteristics

       At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same
        technological elements:

            •  Both devices are compatible with DICOM standard.

            •  Both devices use the same input sequences to run the analysis: T2-weighted
            and DWI acquired with specified protocols.

      The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate
       devices:

            •  Both devices are  artificial intelligence-based, but they differ in algorithm
             methodology (e.g. ProstatIDTM is based on random forest and QP-Prostate®
          CAD is based on Neural Networks and Machine Learning). This difference
              could affect  its safety or effectiveness but does not raise any different
              questions of safety or effectiveness, because a set of verification and

validation  tests  (performance  testing)  demonstrate  the  safety  and
              effectiveness of QP-Prostate® CAD.

    A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided
      below:

   Table 1: Comparison of key features of QP-Prostate® CAD (Quibim) and the
                  predicate device ProstatIDTM (Bot Image, Inc.)

                    Proposed device:       Predicate device:      Comments
Feature
                     QP-Prostate® CAD      ProstatIDTM (K212783)
                          REGULATORY DATA
Class                                II                                         II                     N/A
Regulation name         Radiological Computer    Radiological Computer    N/A
                        Assisted                 Assisted
                         Detection/Diagnosis      Detection/Diagnosis
                       Software                Software
Regulation number     21 CFR 892.2090       21 CFR 892.2090        N/A
Classification Panel      Radiology               Radiology              N/A
Product Code       QDQ             QDQ                  N/A
Applicant              Quibim S.L.            ScanMed, LLC.          N/A
                                      Indications for Use
Medical device         QP-Prostate® CAD is a   ProstatIDTM is a           Substantially
description            Computed Aided           radiological computer      equivalent. Minor
                                                   assisted detection          differences in outputs,                        Detection and
                                          (CADe) and diagnostic      exist, but both devices                        Diagnosis
                                           (CADx) software device    are CADe/x devices
                    (CADe/CADx) image                                                            for use in a healthcare      that characterize
                        processing software         facility or hospital to        prostate abnormalities
                           that automatically          assist trained            on MR image data.
                         detects and identifies      radiologists in the        The differences do not
                       suspected lesions in the   detection, assessment,     raise different
                                          and characterization of     questions of safety                         prostate gland based
                                                    prostate abnormalities,    and effectiveness.
                     on bi-parametric                                                     including cancer lesions
                         prostate MRI. The                                                 using MR image data
                        software is intended to    with the following
                     be used as a              indications for use.
                        concurrent read by        ProstatID analyzes T2W,
                            clinicians with proper    DWI and ADC MRI data.
                                                  ProstatID does not                            training in a clinical
                                                    include DCE images in
                           setting as an aid for                                                                      its analysis.
                            interpreting prostate      ProstatID software is
                   MRI studies. The         intended for use as a
                           results can be            concurrent reading aid
                        displayed in a variety of    for physicians
                                                        interpreting                 DICOM outputs,
                                                    prostate MRI exams of                          including identified
                                                     patients presented for
                       suspected regions of                                                        high-risk screening or
                         abnormalities marked     diagnostic imaging, from
                      as an overlay onto        compatible MRI
                       source MR images. The   systems, to identify
                         output can be displayed   regions suspicious for
                                                    prostate cancer and                     on third-party DICOM
                                             assess their likelihood of
                         workstations and                                                malignancy.
                          Picture Archive and                                               Outputs of the device
                     Communication           include the volume of the
                     Systems (PACS).         prostate and locations,
                          Patient management     as well as the extent of
                                               suspect lesions, with

Proposed device:       Predicate device:      Comments
Feature
                     QP-Prostate® CAD      ProstatIDTM (K212783)
                         decisions should not be   index scores indicating
                     based solely on the       the likelihood that cancer
                                                                is present, as well as an                           results of QP-Prostate®
                                      exam score by way of                   CAD.
                                        PI-RADS interpretation
                                                  suggestion. "Extent of
                                               suspect lesions" refers to
                                                both the assessment of
                                                  the boundary of a
                                                         particular abnormality,
                                            as well as identification
                                                        of multiple abnormalities.
                                                        In cases where multiple
                                                   abnormalities are
                                                    present, ProstatlD can
                                          be used to assess each
                                                  abnormality
                                                  independently.
                                               Outputs of this device
                                                should be interpreted
                                                    with all available MR
                                                data consistent with
                                 ACR clinical
                                            recommendations
                                                             (e.g., dynamic contract
                                           enhanced images if
                                                       available) in context of
                                          PI-RADs v2, and in
                                                   conjunction with biparametric
                                      MRI acquired with either
                                                  surface or endorectal
                                      MRI accessory coils
                                               from compatible MRI
                                               systems. Analysis by
                                                   ProstatlD
                                                                is not intended as a
                                               replacement for
                                                        interpreting prostate
                                                   abnormalities using MR
                                           image data consistent
                                                    with clinical
                                            recommendations
                                                       (including DCE); nor
                                                should patient
                                        management decisions
                                          be made solely on the
                                                  basis of ProstatlD.
Intended user          QP-Prostate® CAD is     Intended users of           Substantially
population              intended to be used by    ProstatlD are physicians    equivalent.
                         physicians with proper     qualified to read and
                             training, including          interpret prostate MRI
                            radiologists, urologists   exams consistent with
                     and any physician     ACR recommendations
                            qualified to read and       in the context of PIinterpret prostate MRI   RADS v2.
                          consistent with ACR
                      recommendations in the
                         context of PI-RADS.

Proposed device:       Predicate device:      Comments
Feature
                     QP-Prostate® CAD      ProstatIDTM (K212783)
Intended patient          Patients above 40       The device is intended to   Substantially
population              years with prostate MR   be used in the              equivalent.
                        imaging.                  population of biological
                                                      adult males with a
                                                    prostate gland
                                               undergoing screening or
                                                              clinical MRI exams. This
                                                   includes biological males
                                                    with clinical indicators
                                                 suggestive of possible
                                                    prostate cancer or
                                                    with family history of
                                                    prostate cancer.
                             CHARACTERISTICS
Clinical finding             Identification of location   Extent and location of      Substantially
                           of suspicious lesions,      identified suspected        equivalent. While
                          with two suspicion         lesions, assigned to a     minor differences exist
                           levels of clinically          level of suspicion (0-1).     in that QP-Prostate
                            significant prostate     A suggested level of       provides two suspicion
                         cancer, moderate or      suspicion or overall PI-     levels, while ProstatID
                        high              RADS exam score.        assigns a level of
                                                                             suspicion on a scale of
                                                                                   0-1, the intended use
                                                                                     of the devices remain
                                                                             the same.
                                                                          Furthermore, the
                                                                                safety and
                                                                                effectiveness of QPProstate are supported
                                                                          through performance
                                                                   assessments and do
                                                                             not raise different
                                                                           questions of safety
                                                                and effectiveness.
DICOM compatibility    DICOM-in DICOM-out    DICOM-in DICOM-out    Same
Input for analysis      T2W and DWI series,    T2W, DWI and ADC MRI   Substantially similar.
                DCE is not included for    data, DCE is not          While QP-Prostate
                                                  included for analysis       takes a subset of the                         analysis
                                                                                  input data used in the
                                                                              predicate device. This
                                                                                 difference does not
                                                                                  raise different
                                                                           questions of safety
                                                                and effectiveness.
Algorithm methodology   Neural Networks and    Random Forest           AI-based, safety and
                     Machine Learning                                    effectiveness are
                                                                        supported
                                                                          through performance
                                                                      assessments.
Safety               The software is           ProstatID software is     Same
                        intended to be used as    intended for use as a
                    a concurrent read by      concurrent reading aid.
                            clinicians with proper      Analysis by ProstatlD is
                            training in a clinical       not intended as a
                           setting as an aid for      replacement for
                            interpreting prostate       interpreting prostate
                   MRI studies. Patient      abnormalities using MR
                    management decisions   image data consistent
                       should not be based      with clinical
                           solely on the results of    recommendations
                      QP-Prostate® CAD.       (including DCE); nor

Proposed device:       Predicate device:      Comments
 Feature
                      QP-Prostate® CAD      ProstatIDTM (K212783)
                                                 should patient
                                         management decisions
                                           be made solely on the
                                                   basis of ProstatlD.


Model development

QP-Prostate® CAD uses AI-based algorithms trained with biopsy outcomes as ground truth
to detect suspicious lesions for csPCa (Gleason score ≥7). The training dataset included
cases acquired in the US from multiple centers, with multiple magnetic fields (1.5T, 3T) and
vendors (Siemens, GE Medical Systems,  Philips Medical Systems). T2w and DWI
sequences of these cases were used for training. The dataset contained representation of
different Gleason score subgroups, was ethnically diverse, and the age ranged from 43 to 86
years. The fine-tuning of the model aimed to optimize the sensitivity and specificity at a case
level for the high and moderate markers. To ensure generalizability and performance of QPProstate® CAD, standalone and MRMC performance testing studies have been performed
with a dataset sourced from different institutions or sources in the US not part of the model
training or development datasets. The description of this performance testing dataset and
the results of the standalone and MRMC performance testing studies are presented below.


Performance Data

QP-Prostate® CAD software was developed according to FDA recognized consensus
standards for software development. Software verification and validation was performed
following V&V plans and protocols verifying that product specifications were met.

Dataset selection

The pivotal dataset included 228 cases collected retrospectively from multiple centers across
the US. This dataset was completely independent from the training dataset that was acquired
from different institutions. The pivotal dataset included both positive and negative cases in
the same proportion. Positive cases were biopsy confirmed (Gleason score ≥ 7); negative
cases were either biopsy-confirmed (Gleason score < 7) or non-biopsied with a clinical followup of at least one year.

Cases were acquired with multiple magnetic fields (1.5 T and 3T) and multiple vendors, and
met the device’s recommended acquisition parameters for the T2w and DWI sequences. The
ethnicity distribution in the dataset is representative of the broader US population.

Case demographics:

Age range: 43 to 81
Age mean: 64.7

Asian: 3/228 (1.3%)
African American: 19/228 (8.3%)
White: 194/228 (85.1 %)
Other: 4/228 (1.8%)
Declined/unavailable: 8/228 (3.5%)

Hispanic: 7/228 (3.1%)

Not Hispanic: 206/228 (90.4%)
Declined/unavailable: 6/228 (6.6%)

Magnetic field strength:

1.5T: 32/228 (14.0%)
3T: 196/228 (86.0%)

Scanner vendor:

Philips Medical Systems: 46/228 (20.2 %)
GE Medical Systems: 40/228 (17.5%)
Siemens: 142/228 (62.3%)

Standalone performance assessment

For the performance evaluation, QP-Prostate® CAD outputs were compared to ground truth
diagnoses derived from associated pathology reports and radiologist interpretations, at
lesion-level, based on targeted biopsy locations (both positives and negatives) and negative
cases without biopsy in the database (N=247).

Diagnostic accuracy of QP-Prostate® CAD was assessed with the AUC-ROC at lesion level,
as well as with the sensitivity and specificity at lesion level at the operating points determined
by high suspicion and moderate suspicion markers.

The results are summarized in the following table:

  Table 2: Summary of the standalone performance testing for QP-Prostate® CAD.

                   Metric (lesion level)                     Result
                AUC-ROC                         0.732
                                         (95% CI: 0.668-0.791)
                           Sensitivity                         0.677
                       (high suspicion marker)           (95% CI: 0.593-0.761)
              False Positive Rate per Case                0.417
             (high suspicion marker, any biopsy source)     (95% CI: 0.313-0.522)
                           Sensitivity                         0.795
               (high and moderate suspicion markers)      (95% CI: 0.722-0.861)
              False Positive Rate per Case                0.855
             (high and moderate suspicion markers, any     (95% CI: 0.709-0.996)
                         biopsy source)


Additional subgroup analyses of patient age (≤65, >65), BMI (<25, ≥25), race/ethnicity,
magnetic field (1.5T, 3T) and machine vendor (Siemens, Philips, GE) were performed. QPProstate® CAD’s performance was consistent across  all age, BMI, race/ethnicity and
machine vendor subgroups. 1.5T subgroup showed a minor deviation in performance,
attributed to the inherently lower image quality of 1.5T acquisitions over 3T; 3T acquisitions
are preferable when available.

Clinical reader performance assessment

For the clinical reader performance assessment, a fully crossed multi-reader multi-case study
was performed, where each case (N=228) was interpreted by each of the 9 readers with and
without QP-Prostate® CAD output in a random-reader random-case factorial design. The
clinical reader performance assessment compares the  clinical reader performance  in
identifying clinically significant prostate cancer (Gleason score ≥ 7) when using or not using
the device output.

The primary endpoint of the clinical reader performance assessment was the performance
advantage of using QP-Prostate® CAD output compared to not using its output for diagnosis
of csPCa lesions by clinical readers, determined by the AUCaided versus AUCunaided at case
level. The acceptance criterion was a statistically significant improvement.

The secondary endpoint was the performance advantage of using QP-Prostate® CAD output
compared to not using  its output  for diagnosis of csPCa lesions by  clinical readers,
determined by sensitivity and specificity of the readers with and without QP-Prostate® CAD
at case level.

Table 3: Summary of the clinical reader performance testing results for QP-Prostate®
                               CAD.

                 Metric                        Result
                 AUCunaided                            0.849
                                      (95% CI: 0.814-0.884)
                AUCaided                             0.868
                                      (95% CI: 0.834-0.902)
           DAUC (AUCaided- AUCunaided)            0.019
                                      (95% CI: 0.001-0.038)
                                                      p-value: 0.039


The test results demonstrate that QP-Prostate® CAD functioned as intended and met its
primary endpoint, is acceptable for clinical use, and is as safe and effective as its predicate
device, without introducing new questions of safety and efficacy.

Conclusions

QP-Prostate® CAD is as safe and effective as ProstatIDTM. QP-Prostate® CAD has the same
intended uses and  similar  indications, technological  characteristics, and  principles  of
operation as its predicate device.  The minor differences in indications do not alter the
intended diagnostic use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when
used as labeled. In addition, the minor technological differences between the QP-Prostate®
CAD and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance
data demonstrate that QP-Prostate® CAD is as safe and effective as ProstatIDTM. Thus, QPProstate® CAD is substantially equivalent.