May 9, 2025

Bonraybio Co., LTD.
Clare Huang
Manager
4F., No. 118, Gongye 9th Rd., Dali Dist.
Taichung, 41280
Taiwan

Re: K242388
    Trade/Device Name: LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220
    Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POV
    Dated: August 9, 2024
    Received: August 12, 2024

Dear Clare Huang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Please note that if you modify your IVD in the future to exceed any of the limitations to the exemption found
in 21 CFR 864.9(c), your device will require a new 510(k) prior to marketing this device in the United States
and will not be exempt from the premarket notification requirements so long as it exceeds the limitations to
the exemption found in 21 CFR 864.9.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242388 - Clare Huang                                                               Page  2


Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products
(see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality
systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR
Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control
provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the

K242388 - Clare Huang                                                               Page  3


Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
           Min Wu -S
                                   Min Wu, Ph.D.
                                         Branch Chief
                                             Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242388

Device Name
LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System used with LensHooke Semen Test Slide is an optical device for human
semen analysis which provides direct and calculated measurements for:
(1) Sperm concentration (M/mL)
(2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
• Progressive Motility (PR, %)
(3) Sperm Morphology (normal forms, %)

The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System used with LensHooke R10 Plus Sperm DNA Fragmentation Rapid
Test Kit (SCD Assay) and LensHooke R11 Plus Sperm Double Strand DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SDFR Assay)
is an optical device for human semen analysis which provides direct measurement for:
(1) Sperm DNA Fragmentation Index (DFI, %)

The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System does not provide a comprehensive evaluation of a male's fertility
status. It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for human semen analysis of individuals in clinical laboratories to
evaluate male fertility.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) SUMMARY

 This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
 with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

 The assigned 510(k) number is: K242388

1   Submitter's Identification:

    1.1 Bonraybio Co., Ltd.
          4F., No.118, Gongye 9th Rd., Dali Dist., Taichung City 41280, Taiwan
        Contact Person: Clare Huang
         TEL: +886-4-24912385
        FAX: +886-4-24912885

    1.2 Date Summary Prepared: May 7th, 2025


 2 Name of the device:
    LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System


 3 Common or Usual Name: Semen Analysis Device

        Product Code          Classification      Regulation Section           Panel
           POV;
                                                                 Hematology
      Semen Analysis           Class II         21 CFR 864.5220
                                                                   80
           Device

 4   Device Description

    Semen Analysis System integrates optical design and image analysis and combined with
       artificial intelligence image processing method, to fully automated analysis of semen quality
      including sperm concentration, motility, morphology and DNA fragmentation index. The
     images are captured and recorded by cameras and with image processing methods, the
      locations of sperms are detected. The sperm concentration is analyzed by the sperm unit
      density; the sperm motility is calculated by tracing sperm trajectories and the sperm
     morphology is calculated by comparing head and tail percentage. Through stained by the DNA
     fragmentation test kit, the DNA fragmented and non-DNA fragmented sperms is categorized
     and calculated the ratio number as the DNA fragmentation index.


     Product Information

      4.1  LensHooke X12 PRO Semen System, consist of the following devices:

          LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System
          LensHooke CS3 10μm Semen Test Slide
          LensHooke R10 Plus Sperm DNA fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SCD assay)
          LensHooke R11 Plus Sperm Double Strand DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SDFR
           assay)
          LensHooke X QC Beads (For Semen)
          LensHooke X QC Slide (For Semen)
            Self-Test Slide


                                        Sec 07a-1            (Rev. 2025/05/07)      Confidential

The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System and accessories are manufactured by
         Bonraybio.


    4.2   Accessories Description
        LensHooke CS3 10μm Semen Test Slide
        LensHooke Semen Test Slide is a well-designed microscopic slide for the optical analyzer,
        LensHooke Semen Analysis System. There are two wells and drip areas for semen
        sample which analyzed concentration, motility and morphology of the semen.

        LensHooke X QC Beads (For Semen)
        LensHooke X QC Beads is the quality control material for semen analysis. The LensHooke
        X QC Beads (For Semen) are supplied as three different levels of control and it has been
         developed as a tool to assess the accuracy and precision of sperm concentration by
          providing a known target value and +/- range.

        LensHooke X QC Slide (For Semen)
        LensHooke X QC Slide is the quality control material for semen analysis. The LensHooke
        X QC Slide (For Semen) are supplied as three different levels of control and it has been
         developed as a tool to assess the accuracy and precision of sperm concentration by
          providing a known target value and +/- range.

           Self-Test Slide
           Self-Test Slide is a standard slide form for instrument hardware check by automated
          detection in the analyzer.

        LensHooke R10 Plus Sperm DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SCD Assay)
        LensHooke Sperm DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SCD Assay) is an assay using
        Sperm Chromatin Dispersion (SCD) method for evaluating DNA fragmentation in human
         spermatozoa for analyzing sperm DNA fragmentation index.

        LensHooke R11 Plus Sperm Double Strand DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SDFR
          Assay)
        LensHooke Sperm Double Strand DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SDFR Assay) is an
         assay using Sperm DNA Fragmentation Release (SDFR) method for evaluating doublestranded DNA fragmentation in human spermatozoa for analyzing sperm DNA
         fragmentation index.


5  Indications for Use

        The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System used with LensHooke Semen Test Slide
             is an optical device for human semen analysis which provides direct and calculated
        measurements for:
              (1) Sperm concentration (M/mL)
              (2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
                • Progressive Motility (PR, %)
              (3) Sperm Morphology (normal forms, %)

        The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System used with LensHooke R10 Plus Sperm

                                       Sec 07a-2            (Rev. 2025/05/07)      Confidential

DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SCD Assay) and LensHooke R11 Plus Sperm Double
             Strand DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SDFR Assay) is an optical device for human
          semen analysis which provides direct measurement for:
                  (1) Sperm DNA Fragmentation Index (DFI, %)

           The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System does not provide a comprehensive
             evaluation of a male's fertility status. It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for
          human semen analysis of individuals in clinical laboratories to evaluate male fertility.


   6  Predicate Device Information

     LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System is substantially equivalent to：
     LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer
      Device Company: Bonraybio Co., LTD.
      510(k) Number: K202089


   7 Comparison to Predicate Device:


                         LensHooke X12 PRO                      LensHooke X1 PRO
 Product
                     Semen Analysis System                 Semen Quality Analyzer
  Name
                                (Subject Device)                             (Predicate Device)
            The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System used with   The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality
             LensHooke Semen Test Slide is an optical device for human   Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen
           semen analysis which provides direct and calculated         Test Cassette is an optical device for
            measurements for:                              human semen analysis which provides
                  (1) Sperm concentration (M/mL)                             direct and calculated quantitative
                  (2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)                          measurements for:
                    •   Progressive Motility (PR, %)
                                                                                     (1) Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
                  (3) Sperm Morphology (normal forms, %)
                                                                                     (2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
                                                                               •  Progressive motility (%)            The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System used with
             LensHooke R10 Plus Sperm DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test           •  Non-Progressive motility (%)
                 Kit (SCD Assay) and LensHooke R11 Plus Sperm Double Intended                                                                        (3) Sperm morphology (normal forms,
              Strand DNA Fragmentation Rapid Test Kit (SDFR Assay) is
   Use                                                       %)
            an optical device for human semen analysis which provides
                                                                                     (4) pH value
                direct measurement for:
                 (1) Sperm DNA Fragmentation Index (DFI, %)
                                                              The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality
                                                                        Analyzer does not provide a            The LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System does not
                                                                  comprehensive evaluation of a male’s              provide a comprehensive evaluation of a male's fertility
                status. It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for           fertility status. It is an in-vitro
           human semen analysis of individuals in clinical laboratories   diagnostic system intended for human
              to evaluate male fertility.                            semen analysis of individuals in
                                                                         healthcare professional setting to
                                                                         evaluate male fertility.

  Male
  Fertility                            Yes                               Same
  Factor
Technology  Desk-top unit consists of light sources, built-in video               Same


                                          Sec 07a-3            (Rev. 2025/05/07)      Confidential

microscopy and an internal computer containing
             algorithms for the assessment of semen parameters.
Transmissio
                          HDMI/USB/Ethernet                        HDMI/USB
n interface
 Intended
                                   Professional                            Point-of-Care professional
   User
Compatible
            Semen Test Slide (CS3 10μm), SCD Assay (R10 Plus),
Consumabl                                             Semen Test Cassette (CS0, CS1)
                        SDFR Assay (R11 Plus)
    e
  Control
                        X QC Beads, X QC Slide                   X QC Beads, X QC Reticle
 Material


   8   Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence is as
       follows：


         Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance,

         functionality and reliability of LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System. The evaluation

        included repeatability, reproducibility, LoB/LoD/LoQ, linearity, interference, sample volume,

        operating conditions, stability and matrix study.


   9   Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed

       System Accuracy Study and User Performance study

       The user performance study was performed to demonstrate that professional/English reading

         users, across educational backgrounds can easily understand and follow the labeling/user

         instructions to obtain accurate results while using Subject Device. X1 RPO performed by lab

        personnel was used as a reference method. The study results demonstrate that the user

        accuracy and ease of use (via participant questionnaire scoring) of Subject Device.


   10  Conclusions


        Results of performance evaluation of LensHooke X12 PRO Semen Analysis System demonstrate

        that the subject devises are substantial equivalence to the predicate device, LensHooke X1

      PRO Semen Quality Analyzer.


                                          Sec 07a-4            (Rev. 2025/05/07)      Confidential