April 11, 2025


Pearl Inc.
℅ Ashley Brown
Director of Regulatory Affairs
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K242600
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion Periapical Radiolucency Contours
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: August 20, 2024
    Received: March 14, 2025


Dear Ashley Brown:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K242600 - Ashley Brown                                                             Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242600 - Ashley Brown                                                             Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,
                  Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242600

Device Name
Second Opinion Periapical Radiolucency Contours


Indications for Use (Describe)
Second Opinion PC is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid dentists in the detection of periapical
radiolucencies by drawing bounding polygons to highlight the suspected region of interest.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review periapical radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of
age or older as a second reader.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K242600 510(K) SUMMARY

1. Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: William Birdsall Position: Chief Compliance

Officer Date Summary Prepared: August 16, 2024

2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion Periapical Radiolucency Contours

3. Common or Usual Name
Analyzer, Medical Image

4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:      Medical Image Analyzer
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2070, Class II
Product Code:        MYN

5. Predicate Information
Predicate device: The proposed primary predicate device is the first clearance of the
Second Opinion device, by Pearl Inc., cleared on March 04, 2022 (K210365)
classified as a Class II Medical Image Analyzer pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2070, under
product code MYN (Analyzer, Medical Image).
The cleared device is a computer aided detection (CADe) software device, indicated for
use by dental health professionals as an aid in their assessment of bitewing and periapical
radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older, as second reader. The
device utilizes computer vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques,
to identify and mark potential periapical radiolucencies with bounding boxes.
The subject device is substantially equivalent to the first clearance as the overall intended
use and nature of the software remains the same. Periapical radiolucency detection was
originally cleared (K210365) based on standalone and MRMC studies. Second Opinion PC
(Periapical Radiolucency Contouring) has the same intended use for detection of periapical
radiolucencies in periapical radiographs. The only difference is that Second Opinion PC
uses polygons instead of boxes to mark the detection.

The proposed secondary predicate device is Overjet Periapical Radiolucency Assist by
Overjet Inc., cleared on September 21, 2023 (K231678) under product code MYN. The
Overjet Periapical Radiolucency Assist has the same technology (AI software) and intended
use as CADe to aid in dental review of radiographs and detection of periapical
radiolucencies using polygonal contours.

6. Device Description
Second Opinion PC (Periapical Radiolucency Contouring) is a radiological, automated,
computer-assisted detection (CADe) software intended to aid in the detection of periapical
radiolucencies on periapical radiographs using polygonal contours. The device is not
intended as a replacement for a complete dentist’s review or their clinical judgment which
considers other relevant information from the image, patient history, or actual in vivo
clinical assessment.

Second Opinion PC consists of three parts:
   ●Application Programing Interface (“API”)
   ●Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
   ●Client User Interface (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:
1.  Images are sent for processing via the API
2.  The API routes images to the ML modules
3.  The ML modules produce detection output
4.  The UI renders the detection output

The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user
interface and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine
learning modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by
the machine learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

Second Opinion PC uses machine learning to detect periapical radiolucencies. Images
received by the ML modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as
metadata. The final output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the
UI for visualization. Detected periapical radiolucencies are displayed as polygonal
overlays atop the original radiograph which indicate to the practitioner which teeth contain
which detected periapical radiolucencies that may require clinical review. The clinician
can toggle over the image to highlight a potential condition for viewing.

7. Indications for Use
Second Opinion PC is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid dentists in the
detection of periapical radiolucencies by drawing bounding polygons to highlight the
suspected region of interest.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review periapical radiographs of

permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a second reader.

 8. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
  The primary and secondary predicate devices and subject device are similar CADe
  devices in the following ways:

     1) Intended use: All three devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians in their
         detection of periapical radiolucencies in radiographs of permanent teeth.
     2) Technology characteristics: Both devices employ computer vision and machine learning to
         output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct processing, and demarcate
        detected periapical radiolucencies within a user interface with a graphical overlay over
         radiographs.
     3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate device are CADe systems, neither
       pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for all devices,  subject
       and  predicates, are  potential  false  positives and  false negatives. In the case of
       each device, users are not meant to rely solely on detection output for clinical decisionmaking.
     4)  Clinical Performance: Both predicate devices have undergone clinical studies which
        demonstrate statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance. Head-tohead standalone performance comparison was used to demonstrate consistency in
        performance suggesting comparable reader aid/effect when using the subject device.
Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion PC with the predicate devices.

                                                Primary Predicate            Secondary Predicate
                      Subject Device            Second Opinion                     Overjet
               Second Opinion PC             K210365                     K231678
  Manufacturer            Pearl Inc.                       Pearl Inc.                          Overjet, Inc.

  Classification           892.2070                    892.2070                       892.2070

 Product Code         MYN                 MYN                   MYN

     Image             Radiograph                   Radiograph                     Radiograph
    Modalit
    y
  Intended Use   Dental CADe to aid in dental     Dental CADe to aid in dental       Dental CADe to aid in dental
                   radiograph review by HCP       radiograph review by HCP         radiograph review by HCP

Full IFU                              Second Opinion is a computer     Overjet Periapical Radiolucency
               Second Opinion PC is a                                                aided detection ("CADe”)       (PARL) Assist is a radiological,
                computer aided detection                                                software to identify and mark       automated, concurrent read                ("CADe”) software to aid
                                               regions in relation to suspected      computer-assisted detection                   dentists in the detection of
                                                  dental findings which include      software intended to aid in the                   periapical radiolucencies
               by drawing bounding             Caries, Discrepancy at the    detection of periapical radiolucencies
                polygons to highlight the           margin of an existing        on permanent teeth captured on
                suspected region of             restoration, Calculus, Periapical   periapical radiographs. The device
                     interest.                         radiolucency, Crown (metal,    provides additional aid for the dentist
                                                                                             to use in their identification of                                                   including zirconia & non-metal),
                             It is designed to aid dental                                         periapical radiolucency. The device                                                              Filling (metal & non-metal),
                  health professionals to                                                     is not intended as a replacement for
                 review periapical                Root canal, Bridge and      a complete dentist’s review or their
                 radiographs of permanent                 Implants.               clinical judgment that considers other
                  teeth in patients 12 years               It is designed to aid dental     relevant information from the image
                   of age or older as a second     health professionals to review    or patient history. The system is to
                  reader.                            bitewing and periapical                                              radiographs of permanent teeth   be used by professionally trained
                                                           in patients 12 years of age or        and licensed dentists.
                                                     older as a second reader.
                                                                 The Overjet Periapical Radiolucency
                                                                                    Assist software is indicated for use
                                                                   on patients 12 years of age or older.

    Intended              Dental                         Dental                           Dental
   body part
  Technology      Utilizes computer vision       Utilizes computer vision neural      Automated, concurrent-read,
                  neural network algorithms,    network algorithms, developed     CADe software that utilizes
                     developed from           from open-source models            machine learning
                 open-source models using       using supervised machine
                     supervised machine              learning techniques
                       learning techniques
     Device       Detection of periapical       Detection of radiological dental     Detection and segmentation of
  Description       radiolucencies using             findings: 5 restorations          periapical radiolucencies using
                          polygons.            (crowns, bridges, implants, root              polygons.
                                                  canals, fillings), 4 pathologies
                                                        (caries, margin discrepancy,
                                                          calculus, periapical
                                                  radiolucency) using bounding
                                                        boxes.


9. Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices
 The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate devices is the
 automatic detection of periapical radiolucencies using machine learning

 The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

      •   All are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
      •   All devices are designed to process digital intraoral radiographs.
      •   All devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for
        periapical radiolucencies detection.

•   All devices demarcate detections within the user interface with a graphical overlay
       on the radiograph.
      •   All devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.
      •   All devices are considered to be Basic Documentation.
      •   All devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

The candidate and predicate devices are technologically different as follows:
    •  Second Opinion localizes periapical radiolucencies detections as bounding boxes
      whereas Overjet Periapical Radiolucency Assist and Second Opinion PC localize
       periapical radiolucency detections with polygons.

 10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
 and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

 Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a non-inferiority standalone clinical
 study. The results of the study showed statistically significant non-inferiority in periapical
 radiolucency detection accuracy in the subject device using polygon contouring to
 delineate potential periapical radiolucencies when compared to the bounding boxes of
 Second Opinion. This study was conducted using ground truth periapical radiolucencies
 represented as polygons. When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second
 Opinion PC are weighed against one another, the weight of benefits significantly exceeds
 that of risks. This judgement can be made based on review of the submitted materials
 showing that Second Opinion PC meets the design verification and validation and
 labeling Special Controls required for clearance of Class II medical image analyzers. It is
 thus concluded that Second Opinion PC can be considered safe and effective such that
 the device will aid users in the indicated user population in their radiographic detection of
 periapical radiolucencies.

 11. Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
 The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
 device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
 Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
 applicable to this device.


 12.Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed

  Clinical evaluation of Second Opinion PC was performed to validate the efficacy of the
 system in detecting potential periapical radiolucencies using polygons instead of
 bounding boxes on intraoral radiographs. Second Opinion PC was clinically tested as a
 standalone device in comparison to the predicate device, Second Opinion, using a
  non-inferiority study.

 The Weighted Alternative Free-Response Receiver Operating Characteristic (wAFROC)

paradigm was used as the metric of efficacy for the study. The ground truth (GT) was
 established using the consensus approach based on agreement among at least three
 out  of  four expert readers. Each GT expert independently marked areas on any
 radiograph wherein they marked using the smallest possible polygonal contour to
 encompass the entire region identified. 500 images were reviewed by  all four GT
 readers and used for the standalone comparison study.

 The GT dataset for the clinical evaluation of the Second Opinion PC system is
 characterized by a representative distribution of radiographs across important cohorts
 (various geographical regions, patient cohorts, imaging devices, and image types).
 Geographically, with respect to the United States, the dataset includes 116 radiographs
 from the Northwest (23.2%), 46 from the Southwest (9.2%), 141 from the South
 (28.2%), 84 from the East (16.8%), 113 from the Midwest (22.6%).

 In terms of age distribution, 4 radiographs are from individuals aged 12-18
 (0.8%), 209 from those aged 18-75 (41.8%), 8 from those aged 75+ (1.6%), and 279
 with unknown age (55.8%).

 The imaging devices used include 70 radiographs from Carestream-Trophy
 KodakRVG6100 (14.0%), 7 from Carestream-Trophy RVG5200 (1.4%), 95 from
 Carestream-Trophy RVG6200 (19.0%), 2 from DEXIS (0.4%), 27 from DEXIS Platinum
 (5.4%), 6 from KaVo Dental Technologies DEXIS Titanium (1.2%), 130 from KodakTrophy KodakRVG6100 (26.0%), 103 from XDR EV71JU213 (20.6%), and 60 from
 unknown devices (12.0%).

 Below is a table describing the composition of the dataset with respect to presence of
 periapical radiolucencies.

 Table 2 - Summary of image characteristics.


                                          Total
                                 N=500
   Overall status, n (%)
   Normal                        380 (76.0)
   Abnormal                      120 (24.0)
Number of lesions on abnormal images
    Total, n                        151
   Mean (SD)                         1.3 (0.46)
   Median (range)                     1.0 (1, 3)
Lesion size on abnormal images (percent of image pixels)

   Mean (SD)                         2.8 (3.02)
   Median (range)                     1.7 (0, 17)
   Source table: S_IMG_ALL.rtf

Standalone Testing

The  clinical study design consisted of one non-inferiority  trial: comparing the
ability  of Second Opinion PC  (polygonal  localization) and Second Opinion
(bounding box localization) to identify periapical radiolucencies. The 500 unique
unannotated images were analyzed by both Second Opinion and Second Opinion
PC. The results for each image were grouped into one of two categories:

   ●  Non-Lesion Localization (NL): A predicted region which does not overlap
        with a ground truth region at or above a specified Jaccard index
   ●  Lesion Localization (LL): A predicted region which does overlap with a
       ground truth region at or above a specified Jaccard index

The Jaccard Index used for the study was 0.4. The primary performance comparison of
Second Opinion PC Second Opinion was conducted using wAFROC-FOM. A secondary
analysis was carried out using HR-ROC-AUC.


There were a total number of lesion localizations (mean per image) of 99 (1.1)
and 116 (1.2) by Second Opinion and Second Opinion PC respectively resulting
from the non-inferiority study. The Obuchowski-Rockette analysis of jackknife
and ANOVA estimate of the FOM difference between Second Opinion devices
showed the estimated difference (95% CI) was 0.15 (0.10, 0.21). The lower
bound of the 95% CI exceeded -0.05 showing Second Opinion PC was noninferior to Second Opinion at the 5% level of significance. The wAFROC-FOM,
95% CI for Second Opinion PC was 0.85 (0.81, 0.89) and HR-ROC-AUC, 95%
CI was 0.93 (0.90, 0.96). The null hypothesis was rejected.


The HR-ROC analysis further supports that Second Opinion PC’s periapical
radiolucencies detection is non-inferior to that of Second Opinion. Second Opinion PC
demonstrated a lesion level sensitivity (95% CI) of 77% (69%, 84%) and average
false positives per image (95% CI) of 0.28 (0.23, 0.33).

13.Comparison to Predicate Clinical Outcomes


The predicate, Second Opinion, underwent a similar standalone study wherein bounding
boxes were used for both detection and ground truth representation of periapical
radiolucencies. This standalone testing demonstrated that Second Opinion performed
comparably to unaided readers in detecting periapical radiolucencies:

•  A Jaccard Index of 0.4 corresponds to an overlap area between the device’s
    outputs and truth of 57% in theory. Using Jaccard Index of 0.4 leads to the
    device’s standalone performance wAFROC-FOM 95% CI (0.75, 0.84) for
    periapical radiolucencies.
•   The device exhibited equivalent standalone HR-AUC performance for both

Jaccard Indexes of 0.4 and 0.5 with 95% CIs of (0.82, 0.89) for PRs.

The secondary predicate, Overjet Periapical Radiolucency Assist, conducted a standalone
evaluation on 763 periapical images where ground truth data was represented as
surfaces. The data was split with 326 images with PARL and 437 with no PARL. Overall
standalone sensitivity was 88% (84.7%, 91.4%). When broken down further,Image Level
Standalone Sensitivity and Specificity by sensor category is as follows:
●  Dexis - Sensitivity: 0.867 (0.800, 0.933) Specificity: 0.885 (0.827, 0.942)
●  E2v - Sensitivity: 0.861 (0.785, 0.937) Specificity: 0.804 (0.728, 0.875)
●  Gendex - Sensitivity: 0.889 (0.815, 0.951) Specificity: 0.793 (0.712, 0.865)
●  Schick - Sensitivity: 0.908 (0.836, 0.961) Specificity: 0.891 (0.827, 0.945)

14.Conclusions
Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion PC and its primary
predicate device, Second Opinion, are deemed to have similar intended uses as
devices which aid in the detection of periapical radiolucencies that can appear in dental
radiographic images. Second Opinion PC’s performance data demonstrate that the
device effectively performs as well as the primary predicate device.
As Second Opinion PC raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended
use and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.