Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                                    October 18, 2024
Re: K242837
    Trade/Device Name:  BriefCase-Triage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: September 19, 2024
    Received: September 19, 2024

Dear John J. Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242837 - John J. Smith                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242837 - John J. Smith                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K242837
Device Name
BriefCase-Triage
Indications for Use (Describe)
BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of CT scans that include the cervical spine, in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18
and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical
specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of linear lucencies in the cervical spine
bone in patterns compatible with fractures.
BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is
presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.
The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K242837


                                      510(k) Summary

                        Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase-Triage

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LL.M

      Date Prepared:       October 17, 2024

Name of Device:             BriefCase-Triage

Classification Name:        Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS

Primary Predicate Device:   BriefCase-Triage for CSF (K203508)

Reference Device:           BriefCase-Triage for PE (K241727)

Device Description:

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.

The software is based on an algorithm programmed component and is intended to run on a linuxbased server in a cloud environment.

The BriefCase-Triage receives filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically by
running the algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. Following the AI processing, the
output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review software (desktop application). When
a suspected case is detected, the user receives a pop-up notification and is presented with a
compressed, low-quality, grayscale image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use, for prioritization
only” which is displayed as a preview function. This preview is meant for informational purposes only,
does  not  contain any marking  of  the  findings, and  is  not  intended  for  primary  diagnosis
beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates efficient triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

The algorithm was trained during software development on images of the pathology. As is customary
in the field of machine learning, deep learning algorithm development consisted of training on manually


                                                                               1

labeled (“tagged”) images. In that process, critical findings were tagged in all CTs in the training data
set.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of CT scans that include the cervical spine, in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18
and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical
specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of linear lucencies in the cervical spine
bone in patterns compatible with fractures.

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images
that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.
The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic
device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase-Triage for CSF and the algorithm analysis module for the primary predicate
BriefCase-Triage for CSF (K203508) are identical in most aspects and differ mostly with respect to
their algorithm performance. In addition, the SW architecture was changed to separate the image
communication platform from the BriefCase-Triage SW. The subject device consists of only the
algorithm analysis module which can be integrated with image communication platforms that meet the
BriefCase-Triage input and output requirements.

Both the primary predicate and subject devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification
software programs. Both devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporated in
software packages for use with DICOM compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the same
design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. Both devices are intended to provide
the specialists with notifications and unannotated, compressed, low-quality, and grayscale preview
images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate BriefCase-Triage devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate triage of findings within the processed study. It is important to note that,
like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading queue
nor de-prioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which remains the
default option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and the primary predicate devices is provided below.


                                                                               2

Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

                       Subject Device                        Predicate Device
               Aidoc BriefCase-Triage for CSF        Aidoc BriefCase-Triage for CSF
                                                              (K203508)
Intended      BriefCase-Triage is a radiological         BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
Use /         computer aided triage and notification     triage and notification software indicated
Indications    software indicated for use in the            for use in the analysis of cervical spine CT
                                                   images. The device is intended to assistfor Use        analysis of CT scans that include the
                                                            hospital networks and appropriately                cervical spine, in adults or transitional                                                           trained medical specialists in workflow              adolescents aged 18 and older. The                                                             triage by flagging and communication of
              device is intended to assist hospital                                                   suspected positive findings of linear
              networks and appropriately trained                                                       lucencies in the cervical spine bone in
              medical specialists in workflow triage by   patterns compatible with fractures.
               flagging and communication of linear
               lucencies in the cervical spine bone in    BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
               patterns compatible with fractures.        algorithm to analyze images and highlight
                                                 cases with detected findings on a
              BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial        standalone desktop application in parallel
                                                              to the ongoing standard of care image                intelligence algorithm to analyze images
                                                               interpretation. The user is presented with            and highlight cases with detected
                                                               notifications for cases with suspected                findings in parallel to the ongoing                                                              findings. Notifications include compressed
              standard of care image interpretation.                                                    preview images that are meant for
            The user is presented with notifications                                                          informational purposes only and not
                 for cases with suspected findings.        intended for diagnostic use beyond
                Notifications include compressed           notification. The device does not alter the
              preview images that are meant for         original medical image and is not intended
               informational purposes only and not       to be used as a diagnostic device.
              intended for diagnostic use beyond
                                            The results of BriefCase are intended to                 notification. The device does not alter
                                              be used in conjunction with other patient               the original medical image and is not
                                                         information and based on their              intended to be used as a diagnostic                                                         professional judgment, to assist with               device.                                                                  triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                            Notified clinicians are responsible for
            The results of BriefCase-Triage are                                                      viewing full images per the standard of
              intended to be used in conjunction with    care.
               other patient information and based on
                 their professional judgment, to assist
               with triage/prioritization of medical
              images. Notified clinicians are
               responsible for viewing full images per
               the standard of care.


User          Hospital networks and appropriately       Hospital networks and appropriately
population     trained medical specialists                trained medical specialists


                                                                                3

Subject Device                        Predicate Device
               Aidoc BriefCase-Triage for CSF        Aidoc BriefCase-Triage for CSF
                                                              (K203508)
Anatomical    Cervical Spine                            Cervical Spine
region of
interest
Data       CT with or without contrast that includes  Non-contrast cervical spine CT scan
acquisition    the cervical spine
protocol
Notification-   Yes                              Yes
only
(/notification
alerts),
parallel
workflow
tool
Images     DICOM                       DICOM
format
Interference   No. No cases are removed from         No. No cases are removed from
with          desktop app or deprioritized             desktop app or deprioritized
standard
workflow
Inclusion/      Inclusion Criteria:                         Inclusion Criteria:
Exclusion       ●  CT with or without contrast that      ●  Non-enhanced cervical spine CT
criteria for             includes the cervical spine              (bone kernel only).
clinical              (bone and standard kernel)         ●  Scans performed on
performance     ●  Scans performed on                        adults/transitional adults ≥ 18
testing                  adults/transitional adults ≥ 18            years of age.
                     years of age.                   ●  Scans performed on CT scanners
              ●   Slice thickness: 0.3 mm - 5.0              with 64 or greater number of
            mm                                       detectors.
                                             ●   Slice thickness: 0.625 mm - 2.5
              Exclusion Criteria                 mm axial or 2-3 mm sagittal or 2-3
              ●   All studies that have an             mm. coronal reconstructions with
                     inadequate field of view               bone kernel.

                                                      Exclusion Criteria
                                             ●   All scans that are technically
                                                             inadequate, including motion
                                                                             artifacts, severe metal artifacts, or
                                                    an inadequate field of view.
Additional    4 Additional Operating Points           N/A
Operating
Points
Algorithm       Artificial intelligence algorithm with           Artificial intelligence algorithm with
             database of images.                   database of images.


                                                                                4

Subject Device                        Predicate Device
               Aidoc BriefCase-Triage for CSF        Aidoc BriefCase-Triage for CSF
                                                              (K203508)
Structure        - Integrated with image routing module                                                                             -  AHS module ( image acquisition);
                via image communication platform (ICP)
                                                                             -  ACS module (image processing);             (image acquisition).
                                                                             -   Aidoc Desktop Application for                     -  Algorithm module (image
                                                        workflow integration (Feed/Worklist                  processing)
                                                                 (alternate names) and non-diagnostic
                     -  Integrated with desktop application                                                 Image Viewer).
                     for workflow integration (feed and
                  non-diagnostic Image Viewer).

 Performance Data

 Pivotal Study Summary

 Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the BriefCase-Triage software to
 evaluate the software’s performance in identifying CT scans that include the cervical spine images
 containing Cervical Spine Fracture (CSF) in 487 cases from 6 US-based clinical sites, compared to
 the ground truth as determined by three senior board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the
  pivotal dataset were all distinct in time or center from the cases used to train the algorithm. Test pivotal
 study data was sequestered from algorithm development activities, and use of the data is managed
 by appropriate Quality Management System procedures.

 Primary endpoints were  sensitivity and  specificity with an 80% performance goal. Secondary
 endpoints were BriefCase-Triage time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
 Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
 Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

 Primary Endpoint

  Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 92.1% (95% CI: 87.5%,
 95.4%) and Specificity was 92.6% (95% CI: 89.0%, 95.4%).

 Secondary Endpoint

  In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase-Triage software, when integrated
 with a compatible image communication platform, was compared to the equivalent metric of the
 predicate devices. The BriefCase-Triage time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam,
 de-identify it, upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back
  to the desktop application.

 The BriefCase-Triage time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
 positive both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase-Triage device) and is given in Table 2 below.
 The Table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate BriefCase-Triage PE.


                                                                                5

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase-Triage device show comparability
with the primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCaseTriage mean time-to-notification for the subject CSF triage was 15.1 seconds (95% CI: 14.1-16.2). The
time-to-notification for the predicate CSF was 234 seconds (95% CI 228-246).

       Table 2. Time-to- notification comparison for BriefCase-Triage devices (Seconds)

           Time -to-      Mean     N   95% Lower 95% Upper   Median
             Notification     Estimate           CL      CL
                          (seconds)

                             234       48       228       246        234
          Predicate K203508
          Processing Time

                                 15.1      202       14.1        16.2         13.4
          BriefCase-Triage +
             Image
          Communication
          Platform Time-ToNotification


NPV was 99.1% (95% CI: 98.5%- 99.4%) and PPV was 58.1% (95% CI: 47.9%-67.7%)
PLR was 12.4965 (95% CI: 8.263 - 18.898) and NLR was 0.0855 (95% CI: 0.053 - 0.137).

          Table 3. Sensitivity and Specificity Poolability Across Slice Thicknesses

                                      Sensitivity                                Specificity   Slice Thickness
      [mm]

                 93.9% (95% CI: 85.0%-98.3%)       94.2% (95% CI: 87.8%-97.8%)       0.3-1.0

                 93.5% (95% CI: 85.5%-97.9%)       88.1% (95% CI: 80.2%-93.7%)       1.0-2.0

                 88.3% (95% CI: 77.4%-95.2%)       96.3% (95% CI: 89.6%-99.2%)       2.0-5.0


Thus, the reported similar  time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase-Triage for CSF the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the predicate
BriefCase-Triage for CSF.

As can be seen in Table 4 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for CSF was 62.0
years, with a standard deviation of 19.6 years. Gender distribution was 47.2% male, and 49.3% female
(Table 5). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 6 below.


                                                                               6

Table 4. Descriptive Statistics for Age

                    Mean     Std     Min   Median   Max    N
             Age
               (Years)     62.0     19.6     18.0     65.0     90.0     487


                       Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Gender *

                                  Gender                  Ground
                      Truth     Female       Male            All
                    Results                      N   %   N   %    N   %
                      Positive     80  16.4%  108  22.2%  188  38.6%
                    Negative   160 32.9%  122  25.1%  282  57.9%
                           All        240 49.3%  230  47.2%  487*  100%
                    * 17 cases were unknown for gender, 3 negative and 14 positive.

                     Table 6. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer

                            Manufacturer     N    %
                     GE MEDICAL
                       SYSTEMS       150   30.8%

                         SIEMENS       132   27.1%

                         TOSHIBA       122   25.1%

                                       Philips         83    17.0%

                                   Total         487   100%

Clinical Subgroups and Confounders:

Pathologies present in negative cases: Oncology; Trauma; Neuro & Vascular; Chronic Spinal
Diseases and None of the above.

Additional Operating Points:

In addition to the default operating point that was selected to maximize both sensitivity and specificity,
four additional operating points (AOP) were selected to maximize specificity or sensitivity while
maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for sensitivity and specificity respectively:


                                                                               7

Table 7. Additional Operating Points

       Operating Points            Sensitivity % (95% CI)          Specificity % (95% CI)

         AOP1            95.5% (95% CI: 91.7%- 97.9%)  86.0% (95% CI: 81.4%- 89.8%)

         AOP2            86.1% (95% CI: 80.6%- 90.6%)  95.1% (95% CI: 91.9%- 97.3%)

         AOP3            93.6% (95% CI: 89.3%- 96.5%)  89.5% (95% CI: 85.3%- 92.8%)

         AOP4            87.6% (95% CI: 82.3%- 91.8%)  93.7% (95% CI: 90.2%- 96.2%)

In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and four additional operating points.
Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, these
data establish the achievement by the subject BriefCase-Triage of preemptive triage in the range of
several minutes.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase-Triage for CSF and the predicate BriefCase-Triage for CSF (K203508) are
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected
positive findings of Cervical Spine Fracture pathologies. Both devices are software packages
consisting of deep learning AI algorithms that process images and produce analysis results, which are
displayed to the user by a prioritization alert and a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated
preview image. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use
and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local
PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The technological characteristics of both devices are identical with the exception of additional
operating points and minor changes in inclusion and exclusion criteria. These differences do not raise
new questions of safety and effectiveness. Thus, the subject device is substantially equivalent. The
subject BriefCase-Triage device for CSF is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
BriefCase-Triage for CSF (K203508).


                                                                               8