Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP                                         November 22,2024
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K242203
    Trade/Device Name:  BriefCase-Quantification
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: July 26, 2024
    Received: October 22, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242203 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K242203 - John Smith                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K242203                                                           I
Device Name
I BriefCase-Quantification

Indications for Use (Describe)
 BriefCase-Quantification  is a radiological image management and processing system software
 indicated for use in the analysis of contrast-enhanced CT exams that include the aorta in adults or
 transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.

 BriefCase-Quantification of Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta)  is intended to assist hospital networks
 and appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with aortic diameter
 measurements across the aorta. BriefCase-Quantification is indicated to evaluate normal and
 aneurysmal aortas and is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.

 The device provides the following assessments:
 * Aortic measurements at 10 anatomical landmarks;
 * Maximum aortic diameter of the abdominal aorta, descending aorta and ascending aorta.

 The BriefCase-Quantification results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
 decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are
 unofficial, are not final, and are subject to change after review by a radiologist. For final clinically
 approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are responsible for
 viewing full images per the standard of care.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

1                                                                K242203


                                               510(k) Summary

                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase-Quantification

 Submitter:

 Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
 3 Aminadav St.
 Tel-Aviv, Israel
 Phone: +972-73-7946870

 Contact Person:             Amalia Schreier, LL.M.

 Date Prepared:            November 21, 2024

 Name of Device:             BriefCase-Quantification

 Classification Name:        Medical image management and processing system

 Regulatory Class:          Class II

 Product Code:            QIH (21 C.F.R. 892.2050)

 Primary Predicate Device:   BriefCase-Quantification of M-AbdAo (K241112)

 Reference Device:AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) (K222360)

 Device Description

 BriefCase-Quantification is a radiological medical image management and processing device. The
 software consists of a single module based on an algorithm programmed component and is intended
 to run on a linux-based server in a cloud environment.

 The BriefCase-Quantification receives filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically by
 running the algorithm on relevant series to measure the maximum abdominal aortic diameter.
 Following the AI processing, the output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review
 software (desktop application), and forwarded to user review in the PACS.

 The BriefCase-Quantification produces images and tabular views of the landmarks and segments
 selected per installation to be displayed in the image review software, provided by the Image
 Communication Platform integrated with Briefcase-Quantification. The diameter marking  is not
 intended to be a final output, but serves the purpose of visualization and measurement. The original,
 unmarked series remains available in the PACS as well. The preview image presents an unofficial and
 not final measurement, and the user is instructed to review the full image and any other clinical
 information before making a clinical decision. The image includes a disclaimer: “Not for diagnostic use.
 The measurement is unofficial, not final, and must be reviewed by a radiologist.”

 BriefCase-Quantification is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.

2


 Intended Use / Indications for Use

 BriefCase-Quantification  is a radiological image management and processing system software
 indicated for use in the analysis of contrast-enhanced CT exams that include the aorta in adults or
 transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.

 BriefCase-Quantification of Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta) is intended to assist hospital networks and
 appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with aortic diameter measurements
 across the aorta. BriefCase-Quantification is indicated to evaluate normal and aneurysmal aortas and
  is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.

 The device provides the following assessments:
    ●   Aortic measurements at 10 anatomical landmarks;
    ●  Maximum aortic diameter of the abdominal aorta, descending aorta and ascending aorta.

 The BriefCase-Quantification results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
 decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are
 unofficial, are not final, and are subject to change after review by a radiologist. For final clinically
 approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are responsible for
 viewing full images per the standard of care.

 Comparison of Technological Characteristics

 The subject BriefCase-Quantification of Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta) is substantially similar to
 primary  predicate  BriefCase-Quantification  of  the Abdominal  Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo)
 (K241112) and is similar to the reference device AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) (K222360), as
 explained below.

  All three devices are radiological computer-aided medical image management and processing
 software.  All devices are  artificial  intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporating software
 packages for use with compliant scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. The primary predicate
 BriefCase-Quantification of M-AbdAo and the reference AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) evaluate
 images from CT scanners as does the proposed device for BriefCase-Quantification of Aortic
 Measurement (M-Aorta). The devices produce similar outputs that include a diameter measurement
 image series of certain segments of the aorta (abdominal, ascending and descending aorta; abdominal
 aorta; ascending and descending aorta - respectively).

 The proposed device for BriefCase-Quantification of Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta) has similar
 technology and design as the primary predicate device and the reference device, and similar
 indications for use, i.e., all three devices are intended to aid in measurement of the aorta in radiological
 images. The subject, the predicate BriefCase-Quantification of M-AbdAo and the reference AI-Rad
 Companion (Cardiovascular) devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions. A
 table comparing the key features of the subject device, the primary predicate device and the reference
 predicate device is provided below.

3


                             Table 1. Key feature comparison

                         Predicate Device      Reference Device AI-  Subject Device
                         BriefCase-          Rad Companion                                                              Aidoc BriefCaseQuantification of the   (Cardiovascular)                                                                        Quantification of
                     Abdominal Aortic                                             (K222360)             Aortic Measurement
                     Measurement (M-                                                                      (M-Aorta)
                    AbdAo) (K241112)

  Intended   Use       /  BriefCase-            AI-Rad   Companion  BriefCaseIndications for Use       Quantification    is  a  (Cardiovascular)      is  Quantification    is  a
                             radiological    image  image     processing   radiological    image
                     management     and  software that provides  management     and
                         processing    system  quantitative            processing    system
                          software indicated for  and          qualitative  software indicated for
                       use in the analysis of  analysis         from  use in the analysis of
                  CT   exams     with               previously  contrast-enhanced CT
                             contrast,  that  include  acquired   Computed  exams that include the
                           the abdominal aorta, in  Tomography  DICOM  aorta   in   adults   or
                            adults  or  transitional  images   to   support   transitional
                         adolescents aged 18  radiologists      and  adolescents aged 18
                      and older.              physicians       from  and older.
                                           emergency  medicine,
                                                      specialty care, urgent
                     The device is intended                          BriefCase-                                                     care,   and   general
                              to assist appropriately                            Quantification of Aortic                                                      practice  in  the
                            trained       medical                      Measurement     (M-                                                   evaluation       and
                             specialists        by                           Aorta) is intended to                                            assessment         of
                           providing the user with                             assist         hospital                                                   cardiovascular
                           the       maximum                        networks                                                  diseases.
                        abdominal aortic axial                      and appropriately
                         diameter of cases that                                          trained
                           includes           the    It     provides     the  medical specialists by
                        abdominal  aorta  (M-  following functionality:   providing the user with
                        AbdAo).    BriefCase-                              aortic        diameter                                                                      -  Segmentation  and
                            Quantification         is                      measurements across                                            volume measurement
                            indicated  to  evaluate                          the aorta. BriefCase-                                                        of the heart
                        normal          and                            Quantification         is
                                                                      - Quantification of the                        aneurysmal abdominal                           indicated to evaluate
                                                              total calcium volume in                           aortas  and   is   not                        normal          and
                                                   the coronary arteries                          intended  to  evaluate                        aneurysmal aortas and
                           post-operative aortas.    - Segmentation of the   is  not  intended   to
                                                   aorta                   evaluate         post-
                                                                      -  Measurement   of  operative aortas.                     The        BriefCaseQuantification  results  maximum diameters of
                         are not intended to be   the  aorta  at  typical
                                              landmarks

4


                         Predicate Device      Reference Device AI-  Subject Device
                         BriefCase-          Rad Companion                                                              Aidoc BriefCaseQuantification of the   (Cardiovascular)                                                                        Quantification of
                     Abdominal Aortic                                             (K222360)             Aortic Measurement
                     Measurement (M-                                                                      (M-Aorta)
                    AbdAo) (K241112)
                       used on a stand-alone   -    Threshold-based  The  device  provides
                          basis     for     clinical  highlighting          of  the           following
                          decision-making    or  enlarged diameters     assessmnets:
                          otherwise    preclude                                         The software has been     ●   Aortic
                                 clinical assessment of                                                     validated    for   non-        measurements
                         cases.                                                   cardiac chest CT data           at        10
                      These measurements                                                    with              filtered         anatomical
                         are unofficial, are not                                                   backprojection                 landmarks;
                                   final, and are subject to                                                    reconstruction    from                                                            ●  Maximum                      change after review by                                          Siemens Healthineers,                                                                                             aortic diameter                      a radiologist. For final                                GE       Healthcare,                                                                                           of         the                                 clinically    approved                                                          Philips,         and                                                                          abdominal                       measurements, please                                              Toshiba/Canon.                                                                                         aorta,                              refer  to  the   official
                                                        Additionally,       the         descending                           radiology       report.
                                                calcium      detection          aorta     and                             Clinicians         are
                                                     feature   has   been         ascending                          responsible for viewing
                                                     validated   on   non-          aorta.                                      full  images  per  the
                                                   cardiac chest CT data                         standard of care.
                                                    with            iterative
                                                            The        BriefCase-                                                    reconstruction    from
                                                                               Quantification  results                                          Siemens Healthineers.
                                                                        are not intended to be
                                                               used on a stand-alone
                                             Only DICOM images  basis     for     clinical
                                                        of  adult  patients are  decision-making    or
                                                considered to be valid  otherwise    preclude
                                                         input.                       clinical assessment of
                                                                       cases.
                                                              These measurements
                                                                        are unofficial, are not
                                                                                                 final, and are subject to
                                                               change after review by
                                                              a radiologist. For final
                                                                                             clinically    approved
                                                                 measurements, please
                                                                                    refer  to  the   official
                                                                             radiology       report.
                                                                                 Clinicians         are
                                                                          responsible for viewing

5


                         Predicate Device      Reference Device AI-  Subject Device
                         BriefCase-          Rad Companion                                                              Aidoc BriefCaseQuantification of the   (Cardiovascular)                                                                        Quantification of
                     Abdominal Aortic                                             (K222360)             Aortic Measurement
                     Measurement (M-                                                                      (M-Aorta)
                    AbdAo) (K241112)
                                                                                                            full images per the
                                                                       standard of care.

  User population         Appropriately   trained  Radiologists     and  Hospital networks and
                         medical specialists      physicians       from  appropriately   trained
                                          emergency  medicine,  medical specialists
                                                      specialty care, urgent
                                                    care,   and   general
                                                     practice

  Anatomical region of    Abdominal aorta        Heart,       coronary  Aorta
   interest                                             arteries and aorta

  Data       acquisition  CT   exams    with  non-cardiac chest CT   contrast-enhanced CT
   protocol                 contrast  that  include                     exams that include the
                           the abdominal aorta                             aorta

  Diameter            Yes                Yes                Yes
  Measurement
  Images                  DICOM            DICOM            DICOM
  format

   Interference       with  No               No               No
  standard workflow

  Algorithm                    Artificial    intelligence   Artificial    intelligence   Artificial    intelligence
                           algorithm         with  algorithm         with  algorithm         with
                        database of images.    database of images.    database of images.

   Structure               -BriefCase-                  - The system remains   -           BriefCaseQuantification,         hosted in the teamplay  Quantification         is
                                  is hostedon  a  cloud   digital health platform  hosted  on  a  cloud
                            server,      analyzes  and remains driven by  server,      analyzes
                           applicable CT images   the AI-Rad Companion  applicable CT images
                             that are acquired on     Engine.                  that are forwarded to
                  CT scanner that are                            BriefCase-                                                                      -     The  edge
                         forwarded           to                             Quantification.                                             deployment       the
                          BriefCase-                                                processing of clinical      - The results of the
                             Quantification.                                                                            analysis are exported

6


                         Predicate Device      Reference Device AI-  Subject Device
                         BriefCase-          Rad Companion                                                              Aidoc BriefCaseQuantification of the   (Cardiovascular)                                                                        Quantification of
                     Abdominal Aortic                                             (K222360)             Aortic Measurement
                     Measurement (M-                                                                      (M-Aorta)
                    AbdAo) (K241112)
                                     - The  results  of  the  data     and      the   in DICOM format, and
                           analysis are exported  generation of           are sent  to a PACS
                               in DICOM format, and                            destination for review                                                       results are performed
                         are sent  to a PACS                       by medical specialists,                                                       within  the  customer
                            destination for review                             to   assist    in   the                                                 environment.
                       by medical specialists,                      measurement  of  the
                                                                      - This system remains                              to   assist    in   the                        abdominal aorta.
                                                                 fully connected to the                      measurement  of  the
                                                 cloud  for  monitoring                        abdominal aorta.
                                          and  maintenance  of
                                                   the  system  from  a
                                             remote setup.

 Performance Data

 Pivotal Study Summary

 Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the BriefCase-Quantification software
 to evaluate the software’s performance in providing quantitative diameter measurements across a set
 of 10 aorta landmarks and measurements of the maximum aortic diameter at three segments -
 abdominal ascending, and descending in contrast-enhanced CT exams that include the aorta in 212
 cases, from 6 US-based clinical sites, both academic and community centers, compared to the ground
  truth, as determined by three US board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal
 dataset were all distinct in time and/or center from the cases used to train the algorithm.

 Primary Endpoint
 The algorithm performance showed  that the mean absolute  error between the ground  truth
 measurement and algorithm across all landmarks and across all studies was 1.88 mm (95% CI: 1.78
 mm, 1.99 mm). Because the mean absolute error estimate was below the prespecified performance
 goal, the study’s primary endpoint was achieved.

 The reported similar mean absolute error [the subject device: 1.88 mm (95% CI: 1.78 mm, 1.99 mm);
 the predicate device: 1.95 mm (95% CI: 1.59 mm, 2.32 mm)] demonstrates comparable performance.

 As can be seen in Table 2, the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for BriefCaseQuantification of Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta) was 63.2 years, with a standard deviation of 19.3
 years. Gender distribution was 49.8% male, and 50.2% female (Table 3). Scanner distribution can
 also be found in Table 4 below.

7


                           Table 2. Descriptive Statistics for Age
                     Mean     Std     Min   Median   Max    N

              Age       63.0     19.3     18.0     67.0     90.0
                (Years)                                              212


                         Table 3. Frequency Distribution of Gender
                               Gender      N*   %

                                 Male       106   50%

                               Female      106   50%

                      Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer
                                 Manufacturer   N   %

                               Siemens      58   27.4%

                         GE        49   23.1%

                                          Philips      50   23.6%

                                  Toshiba      55   25.9%

                                        Total       212   100%

 Clinical Subgroups and Confounders: Aortic Aneurysm; Vasculitis, penetrating atherosclerotic ulcer,
 and  mural  thrombus;  Aortic  calcification/atherosclerosis;  Aortic  dissection;  Retroperitoneal
 lymphadenopathy / enlarged para-aortic nodes and None of the above.

 Performance testing results for the Bland-Altman analysis is reported below:

 The mean difference between the ground truth compared to the algorithm output is 0.1 mm, indicating
 that there is little to no bias between the two measurements, demonstrating the study’s secondary
 endpoint was achieved.

 In summary, performance validation data, combined with a comparison of mean absolute error metric
 with the primary predicate device demonstrated equivalent performance.

 Conclusions

 The subject BriefCase-Quantification  of  Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta), the primary predicate
 BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo) and the reference device

8


 AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) are intended  to aid  in medical image management and
 processing of radiological images in CT. The devices are not intended to be used as diagnostic
 devices. All three devices are software packages with similar technological characteristics and
 principles  of operation, incorporating deep learning AI algorithms  that process images. They
 additionally operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they have the potential
 to allow accurate measurement and facilitate the standard manual workflow.

 In all devices, the labeling instructs the user that the results are not intended to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment. The subject and
 predicate device have similar clinical indications and show substantially similar performance.

 The BriefCase-Quantification of Aortic Measurement (M-Aorta) device demonstrates substantial
 equivalence to the BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo) and AIRad Companion (Cardiovascular).