November 15, 2024
Koios Medical, Inc.
℅ Michael Bocchinfuso
Director of Regulatory Compliance and Quality
242 West 38th Street
14th Floor
New York, NY 10018


Re: K242130
    Trade/Device Name: Koios DS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK, QIH
    Dated: August 13, 2024
    Received: August 19, 2024

Dear Michael Bocchinfuso:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K242130 - Michael Bocchinfuso                                                         Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K242130 - Michael Bocchinfuso                                                         Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       YANNA S. KANG -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242130

Device Name
Koios DS


Indications for Use (Describe)
Koios Decision Support (DS) is an artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML)-based computer-aided diagnosis
(CADx) software device intended for use as an adjunct to diagnostic ultrasound examinations of lesions or nodules
suspicious for breast or thyroid cancer.
Koios DS allows the user to select or confirm regions of interest (ROIs) within an image representing a single lesion or
nodule to be analyzed. The software then automatically characterizes the selected image data to generate an AI/MLderived cancer risk assessment and selects applicable lexicon-based descriptors designed to improve overall diagnostic
accuracy as well as reduce interpreting physician variability.
Koios DS software may also be used as an image viewer of multi-modality digital images, including ultrasound and
mammography. The software includes tools that allow users to adjust, measure and document images, and output into a
structured report.
Koios DS software is designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in analyzing the breast ultrasound images of adult
(>= 22 years) female patients with soft tissue breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds of all adult (>= 22 years) patients
with thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer. When utilized by an interpreting physician who has completed the prescribed
training, this device provides information that may be useful in recommending appropriate clinical management.

Limitations:
• Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the results of the Koios DS analysis.
• Koios DS software is not to be used for the evaluation of normal tissue, on sites of post-surgical excision, or images with
doppler, elastography, or other overlays present in them.
• Koios DS software is not intended for use on portable handheld devices (e.g. smartphones or tablets) or as a primary
diagnostic viewer of mammography images.
• The software does not predict the presence of the thyroid nodule margin descriptor, extra-thyroidal extension. In the
event that this condition is present, the user may select this category manually from the margin descriptor list.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K242130


  510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness


   This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted as part of the
   Premarket Notification in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807, Subpart E and
   Section 807.92.


   1. Identification of Submitter:


   Submitter:            Koios Medical Inc.
   Address:            242 West 38th Street, 14th Floor
                  New York, NY 10018
   Phone:               732-529-5755
   Fax:                 732-529-5757
   Contact:              Michael Bocchinfuso
    Title:                   Director of Regulatory Compliance and Quality
   Phone:               732-529-5755
   Fax:                 732-529-5757
  Summary Date:       October 18, 2024

   2. Identification of Product:


   Device Name:                 Koios DS
                                Version 3.6

   Device Common Name:         Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software
   Device Classification:         21 CFR 892.2060, Class II, POK (primary)
                            21 CFR 892.2050, Class II, QIH (secondary)

   Classification Name:            Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software (CADx) for
                                  Lesions Suspicious for Cancer

   Manufacturer:                Koios Medical, Inc.

   3. Marketed Devices


   In terms of safety and performance, this software medical device is substantially equivalent to
   the devices listed below:


   Predicate device:              Koios DS
   Manufacturer:                Koios Medical, Inc.

510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 1

510(k) Number:             K212616


   4. Device Description


   Koios Decision Support (DS) is a software application designed to assist trained interpreting
   physicians in analyzing breast and thyroid ultrasound images. The software device is a web
   application that is deployed to a Microsoft IIS web server and accessed by a user through a
   compatible client. Once logged in and granted access to the Koios DS application, the user
   examines selected breast or thyroid ultrasound DICOM images. The user selects Regions of
   Interest (ROIs) of orthogonal views of a breast lesion or thyroid nodule for processing by Koios
   DS. The ROI(s) are transmitted electronically to the Koios DS server for image processing and the
   results are returned to the user for review.

   Breast Functionality:
   Koios DS software automatically classifies breast lesions suspicious for cancer based on image
   data into one of four ACR BI-RADS® Atlas1 or European U1-U5 Classification System-aligned
   categories (Benign, Probably Benign, Suspicious or Indeterminate, or Probably Malignant) and
   also displays a continuous graphical Confidence Level Indicator depicting where the lesion falls
   within its respective category and its relation to neighboring categories. The software
   automatically classifies the shape (Round, Oval, Irregular) and orientation (Parallel, Not Parallel)
   of the selected lesion.


   Thyroid Functionality:
   Koios DS is a software medical device used to analyze ultrasound data to classify user-selected
   regions containing thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer. The software generates a set of usereditable sonographic nodule descriptor recommendations (Composition, Echogenicity, Shape,
   Margin, Echogenic Foci) along with an optional, deep-learning derived cancer risk assessment of
   the suspected nodule from two orthogonal views. Nodule descriptor recommendations are
   subsequently mapped to a categorical assessment and risk level rating via the ACR TI-RADS™
  ATLAS or American Thyroid Association (ATA) risk stratification systems (RSSs) based on user
   preference. The software’s direct, non-descriptor-based cancer risk assessment is presented as
   the Koios “AI Adapter” that, when used in conjunction with the ACR TI-RADS or ATA guidelines
   for nodule risk stratification, is shown to improve overall diagnostic performance of both
   systems. The AI Adapter operates as an optional lexicon-specific input used to modify the final
   categorization in the ACR TI-RADS and ATA RSSs. The AI adapter positively impacts performance
   through either a point-based modification (either positive or negative) or a risk-shift
   modification (either positive or negative) for ACR TI-RADS and the ATA systems, respectively.


    1 BI-RADS® ATLAS is a registered trademark of American College of Radiology. All Rights Reserved.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 2

This process creates an AI-augmented categorization that is meant to be used with no other
   modifications to the decision-making pathway of either RSS. A trained interpreting physician
  may choose to incorporate or exclude the Koios AI Adapter from the overall assessment when
   finalizing their diagnostic interpretation.


   Koios DS enables the following functionality:
     ●  Breast and Thyroid Diagnostic Core AI Engines enabled by state-of-the-art computer
           vision and machine learning techniques capable of reading, interpreting, analyzing,
            classifying and generating findings from ultrasound image data resulting in an
         automated risk assessment for breast lesions and thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.
     ●  Automatic classification of thyroid nodule TI-RADS and ATA Descriptors of: Composition,
           Echogenicity, Shape, Margin, and Echogenic Foci based on user-selected regions of
           interest (ROIs).
     ●  Automatic classification of breast lesion BI-RADS and U1-U5 Descriptors Shape and
           Orientation based on user-selected or confirmed regions of interest (ROIs).
     ●  Annotation and description of ultrasound images based on ACR BI-RADS Breast Imaging
           Atlas and U1-U5 for Koios DS Breast and ACR TI-RADS Atlas for thyroid lexicon
            classification forms and ATA classification guidelines for Koios DS Thyroid.
     ●  Reporting forms for breast lesion or thyroid nodule identification and tracking in the
           Electronic Health Record.
     ●  Smart Calipers - extraction of user-supplied ROI data (alternately referred to as Calipers)
        embedded in DICOM SR files from the ultrasound modality.
     ●  Smart Click - for streamlining the manual ROI selection process. The Smart Click
           functionality enables the user to click on the center of a lesion in order to activate a
          system-generated region of interest surrounding the selected lesion for the user.
     ●  Image Registration and Matching - allows users to select images and regions of interest
          through their own image viewers when interacting with Koios DS Breast and Koios DS
           Thyroid, and facilitates a flexible viewer agnostic workflow. When the Image Matching
          Engine is given a screenshot of a medical image with coordinates for a region of interest,
                it identifies the original full quality image and translates the coordinates to its frame of
           reference.
     ●  Automatic Size and Position population using Optical Character Recognition (OCR) - the
          Koios DS Optical Character Recognition engine uses machine learning and rulebased methods to create a system which is capable of retrieving fast, accurate
           transcriptions of the text overlaid on ultrasound images. Given an ultrasound image that
          has been annotated by a radiologist or technician, the OCR function identifies all text in
          the image and extracts relevant information to the documentation of lesions or nodules.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 3

This allows users to quickly interpret and transcribe the locations and measurements of
          ultrasound findings.
     ●  Remote analysis interface to generate and view results within compatible software (e.g.
          ultrasound equipment or PACS workstation software).
     ●   Installer and Configuration Wizard.
     ●   Single Sign-on (SSO) Windows and LDAP Authentication.
     ●  Operating system and platform-agnostic usage.
     ●  Zero-footprint web-based HTML5 DICOM image viewer with image manipulation and
          annotation tools.
     ●   Ability to save findings to PACS.
     ●   Ability to export findings to reporting software.


   User Profile:
   Koios DS is for use by trained professionals only. Koios DS is not for use by patients. Users must

  have appropriate medical professional competence, such as trained sonographers and

   interpreting physicians.


  Use Environment:
   Koios DS is a software application for use within the healthcare setting (in a clinic or hospital) for
   the examination and assessment of breast lesions or thyroid nodules using ultrasound. It is a
   platform-agnostic web application that queries and accepts DICOM compliant digital medical
    files from any compliant device subject to the specified DICOM Conformance Statement for
   Koios DS. Processing of the image(s) occurs in conjunction with a trained interpreting physician’s
   typical diagnostic case read. The output of the system is a digital display to be used as a
   concurrent read and report input that may be added as an addendum to the DICOM series
   selected for processing or exported directly into a patient’s draft report.


   Operating Principle:
   Koios DS is an ASP.NET web application deployed to a web server inside a Windows operating
   system environment accessed by a user through a compatible client. The application provides
   image-derived data via web triggering and remote analysis.


  Once logged in and granted access to the Koios DS application, the user examines selected
   breast and thyroid ultrasound DICOM images. For breast functionality, the user selects or
   confirms up to two ROIs, from up to two orthogonal views that represent a single breast lesion
   for processing by the system. For thyroid functionality, two ROIs are required for processing by
   the system. The first ROI must be drawn on the transverse view, with the second on the


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 4

longitudinal view of the nodule. For breast functionality, bench testing has verified a single ROI
   does not significantly decrease system AUC performance. The ROI(s) are transmitted
   electronically to the Koios DS server by the Koios DS Breast or Thyroid software for image
   processing and the results are returned to the user for review in the respective interface. Images
  and data can be stored, communicated, processed, and displayed within the system and/or
   across computer networks at distributed locations.


  The Koios DS Client is an optional workflow enhancement tool installed as a desktop application
  on the user workstation that enables a user to draw ROIs natively within their image viewing
   software. The Koios DS Client captures a screenshot of the ROI selected by the user instead of
   being directly drawn on and captured with DICOM data. The ROI screenshot is transmitted
   electronically to the Image Matching Engine within the Koios DS Server. The Image Matching
   Engine processes the ROI screenshot and data, identifying and matching the correct DICOM
   image, and overlaying the ROI on that image. Once matched, the ROIs are returned to the user
   for review in the Koios DS Breast or Thyroid interface.

  The software does not require any specialized hardware to return a diagnostic output, but the
   time to process ROIs will vary depending on the hardware specifications.


   Koios DS contains two distinct AI/ML engines to characterize breast lesions and thyroid nodules.
  Based on the structured data that exists within the DICOM header for a patient study, the Koios
  DS system calls the corresponding engine for analysis of the identified lesion or nodule. Each
   system uses computer vision and machine learning techniques embedded within an engine
   capable of reading, interpreting, analyzing, and generating findings from ultrasound data. The
   underlying Breast and Thyroid engines draw upon knowledge learned from a large database of
  known cases, tying image features to their eventual diagnosis, to form a predictive model.


   Koios DS results can be saved or transferred in three separate ways: in-transit transmission,
   saving to Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS), and exporting results to thirdparty reporting software. In-transit transmission may be utilized when users wish to share
   analyses across viewing workstations. Results can be stored in in-transit memory for a preset
   period of time defined by a system administrator. After that preset period of time, all results are
  wiped from the local memory. Another method of saving is storing a report in the patient study
  on the PACS. After single or multiple lesion or nodule analyses have been performed and
   ultimately accepted by a trained interpreting physician, Koios DS can export a summary report
   to PACS as an addendum to the DICOM study that was selected for processing. This report
   serves as future reference and aid in the comparison of cases requiring follow up. This
   functionality is strictly reserved for approved users and must be configured by a site
   administrator.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 5

Koios DS also supports exporting results to third-party reporting software to facilitate the
   reporting process. Saving or exporting preferences can be configured by the system
   administrator and user.


   5. Indications for Use

   Koios Decision Support (DS) is an artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML)-based
   computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device intended for use as an adjunct to diagnostic
   ultrasound examinations of lesions or nodules suspicious for breast or thyroid cancer.

   Koios DS allows the user to select or confirm regions of interest (ROIs) within an image
   representing a single lesion or nodule to be analyzed. The software then automatically
   characterizes the selected image data to generate an AI/ML-derived cancer risk assessment and
   selects applicable lexicon-based descriptors designed to improve overall diagnostic accuracy as
   well as reduce interpreting physician variability.

   Koios DS software may also be used as an image viewer of multi-modality digital images,
   including ultrasound and mammography. The software includes tools that allow users to adjust,
  measure and document images, and output into a structured report.

   Koios DS software is designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in analyzing the breast
   ultrasound images of adult (>= 22 years) female patients with soft tissue breast lesions and/or
   thyroid ultrasounds of all adult (>= 22 years) patients with thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.
  When utilized by an interpreting physician who has completed the prescribed training, this
   device provides information that may be useful in recommending appropriate clinical
  management.


   Limitations:
  • Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the results of the Koios DS
   analysis.
  • Koios DS software is not to be used for the evaluation of normal tissue, on sites of postsurgical excision, or images with doppler, elastography, or other overlays present in them.
  • Koios DS software is not intended for use on portable handheld devices (e.g. smartphones or
   tablets) or as a primary diagnostic viewer of mammography images.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 6

• The software does not predict the presence of the thyroid nodule margin descriptor, extrathyroidal extension. In the event that this condition is present, the user may select this category
   manually from the margin descriptor list.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 7

6. Substantial Equivalence Chart


     Product            Koios DS 3.0                          Koios DS 3.6
                        (K212616)                               (subject device)
      Physical           Software Package                    Software Package
      Characteristics     Operates on off-the-shelf hardware    Operates on off-the-shelf hardware
     Storage            Storage not supported                 Storage not supported
     Image Input      DICOM                       DICOM
      Characteristics      Decision support device used to assist   Decision support device used to assist in
                             in the assessment and                 the assessment and characterization of
                           characterization of breast lesions and   breast lesions and thyroid nodules using US
                          thyroid nodules using US image data.   image data.
     Intended           Koios Decision Support (DS) is an       Koios Decision Support (DS) is an artificial
      Use/Indications      artificial intelligence (AI)/machine       intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML)-
      for Use             learning (ML)-based computer-aided   based computer-aided diagnosis (CADx)
                          diagnosis (CADx) software device       software device intended for use as an
                        intended for use as an adjunct to       adjunct to diagnostic ultrasound
                          diagnostic ultrasound examinations of  examinations of lesions or nodules
                           lesions or nodules suspicious for        suspicious for breast or thyroid cancer.
                         breast or thyroid cancer.
                                                               Koios DS allows the user to select or
                         Koios DS allows the user to select or    confirm regions of interest (ROIs) within an
                        confirm regions of interest (ROIs)      image representing a single lesion or
                          within an image representing a single   nodule to be analyzed. The software then
                           lesion or nodule to be analyzed. The    automatically characterizes the selected
                        software then automatically          image data to generate an AI/ML-derived
                          characterizes the selected image data   cancer risk assessment and selects
                         to generate an AI/ML-derived cancer    applicable lexicon-based descriptors
                               risk assessment and selects applicable  designed to improve overall diagnostic
                         lexicon-based descriptors designed to   accuracy as well as reduce interpreting
                       improve overall diagnostic accuracy     physician variability.
                         as well as reduce interpreting
                          physician variability.                   Koios DS software may also be used as an
                                                       image viewer of multi-modality digital
                         Koios DS software may also be used     images, including ultrasound and
                         as an image viewer of multi-modality   mammography. The software includes
                               digital images, including ultrasound     tools that allow users to adjust, measure
                     and mammography. The software     and document images, and output into a


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 8

includes tools that allow users to        structured report.
                            adjust, measure and document
                         images, and output into a structured    Koios DS software is designed to assist
                           report.                                 trained interpreting physicians in analyzing
                                                             the breast ultrasound images of adult (>=
                         Koios DS software is designed to       22 years) female patients with soft tissue
                              assist trained interpreting physicians    breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds
                             in analyzing the breast ultrasound       of all adult (>= 22 years) patients with
                       images of adult (>= 22 years) female    thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.
                          patients with soft tissue breast lesions  When utilized by an interpreting physician
                       and/or thyroid ultrasounds of all adult  who has completed the prescribed
                         (>= 22 years) patients with thyroid       training, this device provides information
                        nodules suspicious for cancer. When   that may be useful in recommending
                              utilized by an interpreting physician     appropriate clinical management.
                   who has completed the prescribed
                             training, this device provides
                         information that may be useful in
                     recommending appropriate clinical
                     management.


     Target Population  Koios DS software is designed to        Koios DS software is designed to assist
                              assist trained interpreting physicians    trained interpreting physicians in analyzing
      (subset of above    in analyzing the breast ultrasound      the breast ultrasound images of adult (>=
      for comparison     images of adult (>= 22 years) female    22 years) female patients with soft tissue
     purposes)           patients with soft tissue breast lesions  breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds
                       and/or thyroid ultrasounds of all adult  of all adult (>= 22 years) patients with
                         (>= 22 years) patients with thyroid      thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.
                        nodules suspicious for cancer.
      Limitations for      Limitations:                              Limitations:
     Use              • Patient management decisions       • Patient management decisions should
                        should not be made solely on the      not be made solely on the results of the
      (subset of above    results of the Koios DS analysis.         Koios DS analysis.
      for comparison    • Koios DS software is not to be used   • Koios DS software is not to be used for
     purposes)           for the evaluation of normal tissue,     the evaluation of normal tissue, on sites of
                     on sites of post-surgical excision, or     post-surgical excision, or images with
                       images with doppler, elastography, or   doppler, elastography, or other overlays
                        other overlays present in them.        present in them.
                      • Koios DS software is not intended    • Koios DS software is not intended for use


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 9

for use on portable handheld devices   on portable handheld devices (e.g.
                               (e.g. smartphones or tablets) or as a    smartphones or tablets) or as a primary
                        primary diagnostic viewer of            diagnostic viewer of mammography
                   mammography images.                images.
                      • The software does not predict the    • The software does not predict the
                        presence of the thyroid nodule         presence of the thyroid nodule margin
                       margin descriptor, extra-thyroidal       descriptor, extra-thyroidal extension. In
                          extension. In the event that this        the event that this condition is present, the
                          condition is present, the user may      user may select this category manually
                            select this category manually from the  from the margin descriptor list.
                       margin descriptor list.
     Modality Used for  Breast Ultrasound Data                Breast Ultrasound Data
      Analysis            Thyroid Ultrasound Data               Thyroid Ultrasound Data
     Input              Medical images provided in a DICOM   Medical images provided in a DICOM
                       format                             format
     ROI                Breast                                Breast
     Requirements     The software requires a user to select  The software requires a user to select up to
                     up to two ROIs, from up to two       two ROIs, from up to two orthogonal
                        orthogonal views, that represent a      views, that represent a single lesion to be
                            single lesion to be selected and         selected and processed.
                         processed.
                                                              Thyroid
                         Thyroid                       Two ROIs that represent a single lesion to
                   Two ROIs that represent a single       be selected and processed are required for
                           lesion to be selected and processed     analysis.
                         are required for analysis.
                                                      The first ROI is drawn on the transverse
                      The first ROI is drawn on the           view of the nodule. The second is drawn on
                          transverse view of the nodule. The     the longitudinal view.
                       second is drawn on the longitudinal
                         view.
     Output (Breast)     Koios defined categorical and          Koios defined categorical and continuous
                        continuous outputs (confidence level   outputs (confidence level indicator) that
                            indicator) that align to BI-RADS, U1-     align to BI-RADS, U1-U5, and autoU5, and auto-classified shape and        classified shape and orientation.
                           orientation.
     Output (Thyroid)   Koios DS software automatically        Koios DS software automatically classifies
                               classifies thyroid nodules suspicious     thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 10

for cancer based on image data        based on image data generating an output
                         generating an output aligned to either  aligned to either the TI-RADS or ATA
                        the TI-RADS or ATA classification         classification guidelines. The system
                            guidelines. The system automatically    automatically generates user-modifiable
                        generates user-modifiable nodule      nodule descriptors (Composition,
                          descriptors (Composition,               Echogenicity, Shape, Margin, Echogenic
                          Echogenicity, Shape, Margin,            Foci) and a direct, image-derived cancer
                        Echogenic Foci) and a direct, image-      risk assessment that is translated into an
                         derived cancer risk assessment that is   optional lexicon-specific modifier.
                          translated into an optional lexiconspecific modifier.
     Comparative        Metric: AUC                           Metric: AUC
       Clinical             Cases: 900                             Cases: 900
     Performance       Readers: 15                          Readers: 15
      Testing (Breast)
     Comparative        Metric: AUC                           Metric: AUC
       Clinical             Cases: 650                             Cases: 650
     Performance       Readers: 15                          Readers: 15
      Testing (Thyroid)


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 11

7. Description of Similarities and/or Differences


   Intended Use/Indications for Use (IFU)
  The IFU of the subject and predicate devices are the same.


   Target Patient Population
   Both the Koios DS predicate and the subject device are software applications designed to assist
   trained interpreting physicians in analyzing the ultrasound images of patients with soft tissue
   lesions who are being referred for further diagnostic ultrasound examination.


   Technological Characteristics


   Modality
   Koios DS shares the ultrasound modality requirements of Koios DS (K212616)


   Technological Characteristics Comparison Table


                                 Koios DS 3.0 K212616          Koios DS 3.6 K242130

   Diagnostic Engine              Breast (v 1.1.0)                Breast (v. 3.0.0)
                                Thyroid (v2.2.0)               Thyroid (v. 2.2.0)

  Workflow Enhancements       Breast Smart Click             Breast Smart Click


                                 Breast Smart Calipers          Breast Smart Calipers


                                Thyroid Smart Calipers         Thyroid Smart Click


                                                              Thyroid Smart Calipers


                                                       Image Registration and
                                                         Matching


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 12

OCR Automatic Size and
                                                                   Position Population


   Input
   Per the respective device descriptions of Koios DS 3.6 and Koios DS (K212616), the following
   technical characteristics are included in the Koios DS 3.6 (K242130) version:


   Thyroid Smart Click


    If using this feature, the user can specify a Region of Interest with a single click near the center
   of the nodule. The Thyroid Smart Click Engine, based on this click, estimates the coordinates of
   the intended ROI in order to present these to the user. The Thyroid Smart Click engine produces
  an ROI which best matches the user’s Smart Click selection. The resulting ROI contains
   coordinates for the region. The user can adjust or overrule the resulting ROI if they deem it
   necessary, and the ROI can then be used as an input to the thyroid diagnostic engine.


  Image Registration and Matching


    If using this optional feature, the user draws ROIs on images within their image viewing
   software, which generates a screenshot. The Koios DS Client transmits the ROI screenshot to the
   Koios DS Server Image Matching Engine to generate the ROI on the underlying DICOM image
  and displays it to the user for review. The ROI and associated DICOM data are sent to the Koios
  DS Server for processing by the appropriate Diagnostic Engine.


  The screenshots (or image region replicas) utilized during an image matching query are not
   saved. Image region replicas are captured by the software and stored as uncompressed bitmap
   data in memory and processed by the Image Matching engine as such. This process is agnostic
   to the underlying body part and functions generically, identically for any breast and/or thyroid
  image selection.


  The image matching engine performs its search independently for each query region based
   purely and solely on image data, without external information pertaining to modality or other
   orthogonal views. The search candidates are limited in scope to database images from within
   the same study as the search query. As a result, if a search query is created from a thyroid image


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 13

from a specified thyroid study, only that specific thyroid study is searched for potential
   matching image regions. The same search query process is utilized for breast images; only the
   specific breast study is searched for matching image regions.


   Auto-populate Size and Position using Optical Character Recognition (OCR)


    If using this feature, the user provides an ultrasound image which has previously been
   annotated by a radiologist or technician. The OCR engine then identifies all the text in the image
  and parses out text which is relevant to the study of lesions or nodules. This functionality allows
   the user to quickly interpret and transcribe the locations and measurements of ultrasound
   findings.


  Output
  When comparing breast functionality, the subject Koios DS Breast Engine demonstrates a
   significant categorical output performance increase in AUC (1.6%), a significant increase in
   sensitivity (0.6%), and a significant increase (2.2%) in specificity. Koios DS retains the identical
   descriptor outputs and performance for the assessment of shape and orientation.


  The Koios DS thyroid performance is unchanged from the predicate device including when
   accounting for new technological characteristics. Performance testing outlined in the next
   section demonstrates equivalence and non-inferiority for each new technical characteristic.


   Auto-populate Size and Position using Optical Character Recognition (OCR)


  The output of the OCR Engine consists of two categories - measurements and text. The
  measurements output consists of three elements: description (e.g. the length, height, or width
   of a nodule), value (a field representing the numerical value of measurement), and unit (the
   modifier to the value specifying a unit of measurement, e.g. cm or mm). The text output consists
   of two elements: a dictionary (with fields corresponding to each possible category of
   information present in the findings text), and values (corresponding to the predicted output for
   each field).


   8. Performance Testing – Standalone Testing

   Breast Engine

  To compare the performance of the subject device to the predicate device (K212616, product
   codes POK, QIH), the subject device’s updated breast classification engine was compared to the


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 14

predicate device on the same 900 case validation set. Bench testing was performed on the Koios
  DS 3.6 breast engine to ascertain the degree of concordance with trained interpreting
   physicians. Ground truth for malignancy risk classification was determined by pathology or 1-
   year follow-up for cases that were not biopsied. The system was analyzed on 900 lesions from
  900 different patients set aside from the system’s training data for the purpose of validating
   performance. Each lesion was represented by two orthogonal images (e.g. radial and antiradial), providing a total of 1800 images. An expanded validation set of 1014, including these
  900 and an additional 114 cases is used to test for dataset drift. System performance on the 900
   cases reported an AUC of 94.5%, with a Sensitivity of 0.976 [0.960, 0.992] and a Specificity of
   0.632 [0.588, 0.676].


  The table below provides a detailed evaluation of the breast diagnostic engine across key
   performance metrics. Direct comparison with the Koios DS v3.0 breast engine’s performance
   determined there is a significant increase in AUC (1.6%), a significant increase in sensitivity
   (0.6%), and a significant increase (2.2%) in specificity.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 15

Koios DS Engine (Breast) Test      Engine Version 1.1.0 (Previous)   Engine Version 3.0.0
                                                                       (Current)
                                    <Subject Koios DS v3.0>
                                                                   <Subject Koios DS v3.6>


   1: Malignancy Risk Classifier AUC   0.929 [0.913, 0.945]             0.945 [0.932, 0.959]


   2: Categorical Output

                             Sensitivity  0.97 [0.96, 0.99]                0.976 [0.960, 0.992]

                             Specificity  0.61 [0.57, 0.66]                0.632 [0.588, 0.676]


   3: Sensitivity to Region of Interest  0.019                          0.012


   4. Sensitivity to Transducer        High frequency (>=15MHz),       High frequency (>=15MHz),
   Frequency                  AUC = 0.940 [0.907, 0.974]      AUC = 0.948 [0.917, 0.978]


                             Low frequency (<15MHz),       Low frequency (<15MHz),
                           AUC = 0.924 [0.904, 0.944]      AUC = 0.940 [0.925, 0.956]


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 16

5. Single Image vs Orthogonal
                                        Single Image: 0.914 [0.910 -       Single Image: 0.932 [+/- 0.003]  Image Pair
                                     0.918]

                                  Orthogonal Pair: 0.929 [0.913,
                                     0.945]


   6. Assessment of Categorical
  Agreement – Shape                                            0.738 [0.679, 0.797]
   (prior results continue to apply)


   7. Assessment of Categorical
  Agreement – Orientation                                       0.744 [0.675, 0.813]
   (prior results continue to apply)


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 17

8. Operating Point                 PLR:                            PLR:
                                System= 2.52 [2.26, 2.79]        System= 2.661 [2.338, 2.984]


                                  NLR:                          NLR:
                                  System=0.04 [0.02, 0.07]        System= 0.039 [0.013, 0.064]


                                  PPV:                          PPV:
                                System= 0.70 [0.67, 0.73]        System= 0.708 [0.672, 0.743]


                                NPV:                        NPV:
                                System= 0.96 [0.94, 0.98]        System= 0.966 [0.944, 0.988]


   9. Data Set Drift Analysis -       ROCAUC = 0.930 [0.914, 0.946]   ROCAUC = 0.949 [0.936, 0.962]
   Malignancy Risk Classifier AUC


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 18

10. Data Set Drift Analysis -          Sensitivity = 0.977 [0.967, 0.987]  Sensitivity = 0.973 [0.958, 0.989]
   Categorical Output
                                          Specificity = 0.615 [0.578, 0.651]   Specificity = 0.659 [0.619, 0.700]


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 19

Bench testing demonstrates that the system exceeds physician performance measured by AUC, sensitivity, and
   specificity. The engine’s shape and orientation predictions have not been modified from the previously cleared
   device (which demonstrated the required level of agreement with the subjective categorizations assigned by
   physicians). Testing characterizes the system’s sensitivity to shifts in the selected region of interests (ROI) and
   transducer frequency. Testing characterizes the system’s Positive Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive
   Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR) and Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) in comparison with physicians.
   Testing demonstrates that the performance of the engine does not demonstrate degradation when regions of
   interest are provided by the Smart Click or Smart Caliper system, as compared to manually drawn regions of
   interest. Therefore, the diagnosis engine is agnostic to the source of input ROI (Smart Click, Smart Calipers,
   physician drawn) and robust to shifts in ROI. In all tests, the Breast engine met or exceeded performance
   requirements.


   Thyroid Engine
  Bench testing was performed on the thyroid engine to ascertain the degree of concordance with trained
   interpreting physicians utilizing both the ACR TI-RADS and ATA classification systems. Ground truth for
   malignancy risk classification was determined by pathology results only. The system was analyzed on 500 lesions
  from 500 different patients set aside from the system’s training data for the purpose of validating performance.
   Each lesion was represented by two orthogonal images (e.g. radial and anti-radial), providing a total of 1000
   images.


  When applied to diagnoses made using ACR TI-RADS guidelines, the AI Adapter and descriptor predictors
   achieved an AUC of 79.8%, demonstrating a significant increase over the average physician AUC. When
  recommending biopsy, the system’s sensitivity is 0.644 [0.545, 0.744] and specificity is 0.612 [0.566, 0.658].
  When recommending follow-up, the system’s sensitivity and specificity are 0.879 [0.812, 0.946] and 0.495
   [0.446, 0.544], respectively. In both scenarios, bench testing of the system demonstrates a non-significant
  improvement in sensitivity and a significant improvement in specificity over the physician average.

   Tests demonstrating AI Adapter impact on ATA classifications yielded similarly improved performance. With
   application of the AI Adapter, physician AUC demonstrates a significant increase of 9.135% [5.975, 12.294].
   Sensitivity shows a non-significant increase of 0.511% [-5.182, 6.204], while specificity shows a significant
   increase of 18.741% [9.885, 27.596].


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 20

Bench testing included verification of standalone performance, performance with TI-RADS and ATA outputs, as
  well as performance when compared to a separate data set including data from independent sites (separate and
  apart from the sites/data used to train and tune the algorithm).
  Testing demonstrates that application of the Koios DS AI Adapter exceeds physician performance as measured
  by AUC, sensitivity, and specificity. Descriptor predictions were tested objectively – against ground truth
  pathology. Testing demonstrated that performance requirements were met under ACR TI-RADS and ATA
  reporting systems as well as when compared against independent site data. Outputs were additionally tested
  subjectively and met the requirements for agreement with readers’ descriptor categorizations. Testing
  characterized the sensitivity of the system with respect to shifts in the region of interest and variation in
  performance between high and low transducer frequencies. System performance on data acquired from
  independent sites meets performance requirements. In all tests, the Thyroid engine met or exceeded
  performance requirements.

  Thyroid Smart Click


 A dataset of 650 nodules with corresponding physician-drawn ROI’s were used for testing the Koios DS Thyroid
  Smart Click Engine. These ROI’s are the same as the reference ROI’s used to validate the Koios DS Thyroid
  Engine. A user “click” will be simulated for testing the performance of the Smart Click engine by calculating the
  center of each nodule.


  Non-inferiority testing is used to demonstrate that the use of the Smart Click engine does not degrade
  diagnostic performance when compared to physician-selected calipers. Each test will demonstrate that the
  lower 95% confidence bound of the difference in performance falls above a designated equivalence margin,
  delta (δ). In each case, delta is defined using the measured uncertainty in our performance metric and the
  variability observed on physicians’ assessment of the data. Measurement uncertainty is computed via
  bootstrapping.


  Testing further provides quantitative metrics which demonstrate how closely the automated Smart Click ROIs
 match the manual physician-drawn ROI’s using standard segmentation evaluation metrics. In this case, the Dice
  Similarity Coefficient will be used. Specifically, the test will measure and report the average DICE score between
  the Smart Click and physician ROI’s across all of the images present in the validation set. The objective of this
  test is to demonstrate the similarity between Smart Click ROI’s and manually drawn ROI’s.


  Finally, testing demonstrates concretely that descriptors generated from Smart Click ROI’s are not impacted by
  differences between them and manually drawn ROI’s. Non-inferiority testing was used on a per-descriptor basis.
  Specifically, testing will show that the rate of agreement between the system’s descriptors and the physicians’
  descriptors when utilizing smart click is non-inferior to the system’s descriptors when using the manual ROI’s.
 The Cohen’s Kappa metric will be used to characterize agreement between system and reader in either case.


  Superiority is evaluated using similar methodology. In this case, the lower bound of the difference in
  performance must fall above zero.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 21

Koios DS Smart Click Engine Test              Smart Click Engine Version (TOR.2.0.X)


                                                        Sensitivity:

                                                 Difference = -0.009 [-0.036, 0.018]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior Specificity:
  1: Non-inferiority Test - Sensitivity / Specificity
                                                 Difference = -0.018 [-0.041, 0.005]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior


  2: Non-inferiority Test - AUC                    Difference = -0.012 [-0.029, 0.006]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior


  3: Sub-optimal ROI Test                        Difference = 0.026 [-0.009, 0.062]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior


  4: Detection DICE Coefficient                 DICE= 0.913 +/- 0.075


  5: Non-inferiority Test - Descriptor Agreement   Composition:

                                                 Difference = 0.018 [0.001, 0.035]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior

                                                  Echogenicity:

                                                 Difference = -0.005 [-0.022, 0.011]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 22

Shape:

                                                 Difference = -0.033 [-0.093, 0.027]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior

                                              Margin:

                                                 Difference = -0.013 [-0.032, 0.007]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior

                                             Echogenic Foci:

                                                                         -   Large Comet-Tail Artifacts

                                                 Difference = -0.019 [-0.048, 0.010]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior

                                                                         -   Macrocalcifications

                                                 Difference = 0.017 [-0.035, 0.068]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior

                                                                         -   Peripheral (Rim) Calcifications

                                                 Difference = 0.024 [-0.072, 0.120]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior

                                                                         -   Punctate Echogenic Foci

                                                 Difference = 0.007 [-0.038, 0.053]

                                                    Result: Non-inferior


  Testing demonstrates that system performance does not fall below the computed value for the equivalence
  margin, delta. The confidence interval of the difference falls within the expected bounds.


 The high value (DICE = 0.913 +/- 0.075) of the DICE coefficient demonstrates that Smart Click ROIs are, on
  average, a precise approximation to the ROIs that a physician would select. Test 5 contains a quantitative perdescriptor comparison of the predictions generated when using Smart Click ROIs to those generated using
  physician ROIs, via Non-Inferiority testing. Noninferiority was demonstrated for each descriptor using Smart


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 23

Click ROIs. Together, these results clearly demonstrate descriptor performance is not negatively impacted by the
  use of the Smart Click engine.


 Image Registration and Matching


 A dataset consisting of 1,600 ultrasound studies of lesions in both breast (950 cases) and thyroid (650 cases) was
  used to evaluate the performance of the Koios DS Client ROI Match Engine in Tests 1-4 outlined below. Each
  study consists of one or more ultrasound images, wherein one or more contain a region of interest (ROI) that
  signifies the location of a lesion within the image.


  Tests 5 & 6 utilized the breast validation dataset of 1014 cases. Tests 7 & 8 utilized the thyroid validation dataset
  of 650 cases.


  Tests 5 & 7 measure the rate of incidence of each of the possible outcomes of the matching process.
    ●  Successful Match: The system correctly identifies the image and image region corresponding to the
         query screenshot.
    ●  No Match: The system is unable to identify a matching region of interest and returns no match for the
         query screenshot. Note: This is considered a positive outcome. If the system identifies that it cannot
        match a query screenshot, it should return that status rather than an incorrect result.
    ●   Incorrect Match: The system identifies the correct image but returns an incorrect region within that
         image. Incorrect is defined as under 0.5 intersect-over-union with respect to the correct region.
    ●   Incorrect Image: The system selects the wrong image as a match for the query screenshot.


  These tests were run on each of the ROI’s contained in the test dataset, which corresponds to 2028 breast ROI’s
 and 1288 thyroid ROI’s.


  These tests are to tabulate how often the image matching process results in each of the four possible outcomes.
  This is reported both by total count and percent incidence.


  Tests 6 & 8 investigate the quality of the resulting registration. This is measured by computing the average DICE
  coefficient for the set of matches which are in the successful match category.


 A summary of performance statistics is outlined below.


  Koios DS Image Registration and Matching      Image Registration and Matching Engine Version
  Engine Test                                   (LAM.1.X.X)


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 24

1: No Match Rate                      No Match Rate = 0.32%


  2: Match Time                              Average Time for Study Preprocessing: 2.39 +/- 0.48
                                            seconds

                                            Average Time for Image Matching: 0.22 +/- 0.12
                                            seconds

                                              Note: The average study size which was processed in
                                                        this experiment was 53 +/- 11 images. The measured
                                                durations scale roughly linearly with study size.


  3: End-to-End Breast Engine Performance     AUC = 0.946

                                                       Sensitivity = 0.975

                                                        Specificity = 0.637


  4: End-to-End Thyroid Engine Performance     AUC = 0.801

                                                       Sensitivity = 0.670

                                                        Specificity = 0.603


  5: Breast Image Matching Outcomes             Successful Match:

                                              Count: 2018

                                                    Fraction: 0.995

                                   No Match:

                                              Count: 10

                                                    Fraction: 0.005

                                                   Incorrect Match:


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 25

Count: 0

                                                    Fraction: 0.000

                                                   Incorrect Image:

                                              Count: 0

                                                    Fraction: 0.000


  6: Breast Image Matching DICE Coefficient      DICE = 0.995 =/- 0.005


  7: Thyroid Image Matching Outcomes           Successful Match:

                                              Count: 1288

                                                    Fraction: 1.000

                                   No Match:

                                              Count: 0

                                                    Fraction: 0.000

                                                   Incorrect Match:

                                              Count: 0

                                                    Fraction: 0.000

                                                   Incorrect Image:

                                              Count: 0

                                                    Fraction: 0.000


  8: Thyroid Image Matching DICE Coefficient     DICE = 0.996 =/- 0.004


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 26

Auto-populate Size and Position using Optical Character Recognition (OCR)


 A dataset of 1910 ultrasound B-Scans was manually annotated to test the OCR engine. These are a mix of thyroid
 and breast images that come from a variety of machines. Of these, a subset of 1226 images that come from the
  supported list of machines is used to carry out this test.


  Tests will measure accuracy (percent correct) for each of the structured fields predicted by the engine. False
  positive, false negative, and misread text fields will count against the accuracy measurement of the engine.


  Koios DS OCR Engine Test                       Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Engine Version
                                               (GNO.1.1.X)


                                                Breast Side: 0.983

                                               Location Type: 0.948

                                               Clock Hour: 0.926
  1: Breast Freetext Identification
                                               Clock Minute: 0.934

                                     CMFN: 0.944

                                                 Plane: 0.976


  2: Thyroid Freetext Identification               Thyroid Side: 0.965

                                                   Pole: 0.976

                                               Region: 0.998

                                                 Plane: 0.970


  3: Measurement Text Identification           Measurement Description: 0.943

                                       Measurement Value: 0.948


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 27

Unit of Measurement: 0.967


  In conclusion, the subject device has demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the predicate by
  showing statistically significant results against similar success criteria in bench testing comparisons.


  9. Performance Testing – Clinical


  Breast
 A clinical study was previously executed to determine the effect of Koios DS Breast (K190442) on reader
  performance. There were no new clinical studies performed for the design and development of Koios DS 3.0
  (K212616), which used Koios DS Breast (K190442) as a predicate device during its regulatory submission. As
  discussed in the prior section, the performance of Koios DS 3.0 has been met or significantly improved across all
 measured metrics by Koios DS 3.6. This data continues to apply to the breast functionality within the subject
  device, with the understanding that its performance is superior, and it would therefore provide an equivalent or
  greater benefit. The below summary of the clinical study data has been included for ease of reference.


 The study objective was to determine the impact on Interpreting Physician (Reader) performance as defined by
  the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curve (AUC) when Koios DS Breast and an
  ultrasound examination are combined (USE + DS), compared to USE Alone in patients that present with a soft
  tissue breast lesion through any form of imaging or physical examination and are referred for diagnostic
  ultrasound.


 The study consisted of 15 readers with varying levels of training and experience providing analysis on a
  randomized set of 900 patient cases presented with USE + DS and USE Alone in two reading periods separated
  by a 1-month wash-out, totaling 1800 cases analyzed per reader. The reader set and dataset were distributed in
  accordance with FDA guidance and are explained in detail below:


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                       Page 28

Reader Background


                                      Breast                                                     Years of                                    Fellowship                     Academic      MQSA                    Board                        Experience –       Reader                       Trained                            Institution       Qualified                     Certification/               Mammography          ID                        and/or                              Affiliation      Interpreting                      Specialty                     and/or Breast                                   Dedicated                       (Yes/No)       Physician                                                  Ultrasound                                   Breast Imager
                     Diagnostic         1                     No          13 years        No             Yes                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         2                     No           4 years         No          No                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         3                           Yes           7 years           Yes            Yes                    Radiology
                       Breast         4                     No           0 years         No          No                    Surgeon
         5       OB/GYN        No          20 years        No          No
                     Diagnostic         6                     No          13 years           Yes          No                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         7                     No           3 years           Yes          No                    Radiology
         8       OB/GYN        No           0 years         No          No
                     Diagnostic         9                           Yes          15 years        No             Yes                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         10                     No          13 years        No          No                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         11                           Yes          30 years        No             Yes                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         12                           Yes          10 years           Yes            Yes                    Radiology
                     Diagnostic         13                     No           0 years         No          No                    Radiology
                    Interventional         14                     No           4 years         No          No                    Radiology
                       Breast         15                     No          25 years           Yes          No                    Surgeon


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 29

Dataset Demographic Information
 The Koios DS Breast engine was tested on images sourced from a wide variety of ultrasound hardware and data
  with the following patient demographics to ensure the system performance is generalizable to and
  representative of diverse populations. Patient demographic distribution was based upon data from the Breast
  Cancer Surveillance Consortium (2006-2009)2.


 The following figures represent the final validation dataset (900 cases):


   Distribution of Malignancy in Final Validation Set               Distribution of BI-RADS Category in Final Validation Set


        Distribution of Ethnicity in Final Validation Set               Distribution of Age in Final Validation Set


  2 Data were obtained from the Breast Cancer Surveillance Consortium, funded by the National Cancer Institute
  (HHSN261201100031C). From the Breast Cancer Surveillance Consortium website, http://www.bcsc-research.org/


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 30

Distribution of Lesion Size in Final Validation Set                    Distribution of Invasive Cancer in Final Validation Set


                                          Distribution of BI-RADS Density in Final Validation Set


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 31

Distribution of US Machines in Final Validation Set


  Per the primary endpoint of the study, ROC curves were generated and analyzed. All AUCs were computed via
  the trapezoidal approximation. Based on the standard error measurements, the error can be propagated to
  estimate the mean performance interface and 95% confidence interval. This was found to be 0.0370 (0.030,
  0.044) at α = .05, satisfying the success criteria for the primary endpoint.


 To characterize the effect of Koios DS (USE + DS) system on inter-operator variability, the Kendall Tau-B
  correlation coefficient was computed in a pairwise manner for all readers. The metric is > 0 for all reader pairs.
 The standard error for USE + DS and USE Alone was computed to assess if the shifts in the metric were
  significant. The average Kendall Tau-B of USE Alone was .5404 (.5301, .5507) and the average Kendall Tau-B of
 USE + DS was .6797 (.6653, .6941) with 95% CI demonstrating a significant increase in the metric (α = .05).


  Also assessed was the effect of Koios DS on intra-operator variability leveraging 150 reads that did not switch
 from USE Alone to USE + DS across the washout session in the reader study (75 each). USE Alone class switching
  rate was 13.6% and the USE + DS class switching rate was 10.8% (p = 0.042), demonstrating a statistically
  significant reduction in intra-reader variability when using USE + DS.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 32

Thyroid
 An observational case-controlled, Multi-Reader, Multi-Case (MRMC) retrospective clinical trial (CRRS-3) was
  executed to determine the effect of Koios DS Thyroid on reader performance.


  Effect on performance was defined by measuring the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)
  Curve (AUC) when Koios DS and an ultrasound examination were combined (USE + DS), compared to unassisted
  TI-RADS based Reader performance (USE Alone). All data analysis cases consisted of USE Alone and USE + DS
 image readings in patients that presented with a thyroid abnormality through any form of imaging or physical
  examination and were referred for diagnostic ultrasound where a nodule was subsequently discovered.


  Data analysis in the CRRS-3 study was based on 650 retrospectively collected cases that were assigned a TIRADS Assessment Category 1 through 5 at the time of initial review at study entry based upon the interpreting
   physician of the ultrasound evaluation. The study consisted of 15 readers reviewing and interpreting 650 cases
  twice (1300 total cases per reader). All data analysis was based on two randomized evaluations of each case
  with and without the assistance of Koios DS software with a 1-month washout period between corresponding
  presentations of the case and interpretations by physicians.

  The study design called for a mixed population of physician readers (11/15 or 73% US based) and cases (500 or
  77% US based) coming from both the US and Europe. Readers with a current medical license who met inclusion
   criteria and completed the study training protocol were considered trained interpreting physicians for study
  purposes. Readers possessed varying levels of training and experience, as detailed below:


  Reader Experience

   Reader                                     Experience (postReader Category
   ID                                            residency)

   R1        Domestic Endocrinologist (End)    < 10 years

   R2        Domestic Radiologist (Rad)       ≥ 20 years

   R3        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

   R4        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 10 and < 20 years

   R5        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 10 and < 20 years

   R6        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 10 and < 20

   R7        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

   R8        Domestic Rad                  < 10 years

   R9        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

   R10       Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

   R11       Domestic End                   < 10 years

   R12       European Rad                  ≥ 20 years

   R13       European Rad                  ≥ 20 years

   R14       European End                  ≥ 20 years

   R15       European End                  ≥ 20 years


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 33

Dataset Demographic Information
 The Koios DS thyroid engine was tested on images sourced from a wide variety of ultrasound hardware and data
  with the following patient demographics to ensure the system performance is generalizable to and
  representative of diverse populations.

 The following ultrasound hardware represents the final validation dataset (650 cases).


                  Distribution of ultrasound machine models in the final validation set, by image


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 34

The final validation set data is divided into 2 subsets; 500 cases from United States locations and 150

  cases from European locations. The following figures represent the United States patient

 demographics:


  Distribution of Malignancy in the Final Validation Set               Distribution of TI-RADS Assessment in the Final Validation Set
                    (United States)                                                      (United States)


  Distribution of Patient Ethnicity in the Final Validation Set                 Distribution of Patient Sex in the Final Validation Set
                      (United States)                                                     (United States)


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 35

Distribution of Patient Age in the Final Validation Set (United States)


 The following figures represent the European patient demographics:


                                 Distribution of Patient Age in the Final Validation Set (European)


                             Distribution of Patient Sex in the Final Validation Set (European)

510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 36

The primary CRRS-3 analysis was performed on the Readers’ TI-RADS point total gradings from their review of
    the USE Alone and their review of the USE + DS for the Non-Cancer Case Set and Cancer Case Set. For each
    Reader, two ROC curves (Sensitivity vs. 1 – Specificity) were plotted using the USE Alone and the USE + DS
    primary analysis cases. Reader-specific AUC values for the primary analysis were derived from the trapezoidal
     approximation, whereas the mean AUC values and associated standard errors within- and between-modality
     across all Readers were derived from the DBM (Dorfman-Berbaum-Metz ANOVA after jackknife) method. This
    approach captures both reader variability and case variability and is the standard methodology for comparing
    AUCs in MRMC studies. All ROC curve analysis was done with respect to cyto-/histological or excisional
     pathology.

    Summary of All Primary Study Endpoints and Secondary Analyses (US data in bold)


Analysis             Overview                              Result

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS    +0.083 [0.066, 0.099] (parametric)
Primary Endpoint 1
                                (all readers, all data)                  +0.079 [0.062, 0.096] (non-parametric)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS   +0.074 [0.051, 0.098] (parametric)
Primary Endpoint 2
                     (US readers, US data)                 +0.073 [0.049, 0.096] (non-parametric)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                      + 0.084 [0.054, 0.113] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of FNA with Koios DS
                                                      + 0.140 [0.125, 0.155] (specificity)
                                (all readers, all data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                      + 0.058 [0.017, 0.098] (sensitivity)
Secondary Analysis 1    Specificity of FNA with Koios DS
                                                      + 0.130 [0.110, 0.151] (specificity)
                     (US readers, US data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.125 [0.014, 0.237] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of FNA with Koios DS
                                                          +0.171 [0.109, 0.233] (specificity)
                     (EU readers, EU data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                      + 0.092 [0.043, 0.141] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                      + 0.242 [0.220, 0.264] (specificity)
                                (all readers, all data)

Secondary Analysis 2 -
                    Change in average Sensitivity and
– excluding cases                                        + 0.087 [0.023, 0.151] (sensitivity)
                          Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
recommended for                                       + 0.206 [0.176, 0.235] (specificity)
                     (US readers, US data)
FNA

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.084 [-0.133, 0.300] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.350 [0.267, 0.434] (specificity)
                     (EU readers, EU data)

Secondary Analysis 2a  Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.060 [0.040, 0.080] (sensitivity)
– including cases         Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.206 [0.192, 0.219] (specificity)
recommended for         (all readers, all data)


   510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 37

FNA                Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.053 [0.026, 0.080] (sensitivity)
                          Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.180 [0.161, 0.198] (specificity)
                     (US readers, US data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.060 [-0.009, 0.129] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.296 [0.238, 0.354] (specificity)
                     (EU readers, EU data)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS   + 0.079 [0.024, 0.134] (parametric)
Secondary Analysis 3
                     (EU Readers, EU Data)                + 0.066 [0.014, 0.118] (non-parametric)

                       Inter-Reader Variability measuring the
                                                      40.7% (all readers, all data)
                        association of TI-RADS points assigned
Secondary Analysis 4                                     37.4% (US readers, US data)
                      with and without decision support
                                                      49.7% (EU Readers, EU Data)
                        Difference (Relative Change %)

                                                          -23.6% (all readers, all data)
Secondary Analysis 5   Impact on Interpretation Time          -22.7% (US readers, US data)
                                                          -32.4% (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                          +0.022 [0.005, 0.039]
                                                                                       (all readers, all data)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS
                                                          +0.017 [-0.007, 0.041]
                        descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                        (US readers, US data)
                      Adapter) (parametric)

                                                          +0.010 [-0.051, 0.071]
                                                        (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                          +0.019 [0.001, 0.037]
                                                                                       (all readers, all data)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS
                                                          +0.015 [-0.010, 0.039]
                        descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                        (US readers, US data)
                      Adapter) (non-parametric)Secondary Analysis 6
                                                          +0.004 [-0.054, 0.062]
                                                        (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                                         Sensitivity:
                                                          +0.052 [0.022, 0.081]
                                                                                       (all readers, all data)
                    Change in average sensitivity and
                           specificity of FNA with Koios DS         +0.026 [-0.014, 0.066]
                        descriptor classifiers only (without AI    (US readers, US data)
                      Adapter)
                                                          +0.109 [-0.004, 0.221]
                                                        (EU Readers, EU Data)


   510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 38

Specificity
                                                            -0.009 [-0.024, 0.006]
                                                                                   (all readers, all data)

                                                           -0.001 [-0.022, 0.019]
                                                     (US readers, US data)

                                                            -0.032 [-0.095, 0.031]
                                                      (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                                    Sensitivity
                                                        0.079 [0.031, 0.128]
                                                                                   (all readers, all data)

                                                        0.072 [0.008, 0.135]
                                                     (US readers, US data)

                                                        0.133 [-0.068, 0.334]
                 Change in average sensitivity and
                                                      (EU Readers, EU Data)
                        specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                     descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                                     Specificity
                    Adapter) – excluding cases
                                                        0.015 [-0.010, 0.040]
                recommended for FNA
                                                                                   (all readers, all data)

                                                        0.012 [-0.021, 0.045]
                                                     (US readers, US data)

                                                        0.010 [-0.093, 0.113]
                                                      (EU Readers, EU Data)


                                                                    Sensitivity
                                                       +0.047 [0.026, 0.067]
                                                                                   (all readers, all data)

                                                       +0.037 [0.009, 0.065]
                                                       (US readers, US data)
                 Change in average sensitivity and
                        specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                       +0.067 [0.000, 0.134]
                     descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                      (EU Readers, EU Data)
                    Adapter) – including cases
                recommended for FNA

                                                                     Specificity
                                                       +0.000 [-0.013, 0.012]
                                                                                   (all readers, all data)

                                                       +0.003 [-0.014, 0.019]


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 39

(US readers, US data)

                                                                -0.012 [-0.065, 0.041]
                                                         (EU Readers, EU Data)


    Summary of System Clinical Performance Using TI-RADS RSS


                                 All Readers, All Data    US Readers, US Data    EU Readers, EU Data

                      Change in average Sensitivity/Specificity of FNA


TI-RADS categorization      +0.084 [0.054, 0.113]     +0.058 [0.017, 0.098]    +0.125 [0.014, 0.237]
w/AI Adapter + size                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                (sensitivity)
criteria                    +0.140 [0.125, 0.155]     +0.130 [0.110, 0.151]    +0.171 [0.109, 0.233]
                                        (specificity)                 (specificity)                 (specificity)

TI-RADS categorization +     +0.052 [0.022, 0.081]    +0.026 [-0.014, 0.066]    +0.109 [-0.004, 0.221]
size criteria                          (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                (sensitivity)
                            -0.009 [-0.024, 0.006]     -0.001 [-0.022, 0.019]    -0.032 [-0.095, 0.031]
                                        (specificity)                 (specificity)                 (specificity)

Change in average Sensitivity/Specificity of Follow-up


TI-RADS categorization
w/AI Adapter + size         +0.060 [0.040, 0.080]     +0.053 [0.026, 0.080]    +0.060 [-0.009, 0.129]
criteria                               (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)
                          +0.206 [0.192, 0.219]     +0.180 [0.161, 0.198]    +0.296 [0.238, 0.354]
                                       (specificity)                 (specificity)                 (specificity)


TI-RADS categorization +     +0.047 [0.026, 0.067]     +0.037 [0.009, 0.065]    +0.067 [0.000, 0.134]
size criteria                          (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                (sensitivity)
                          +0.000 [-0.013, 0.012]    +0.003 [-0.014, 0.019]    -0.012 [-0.065, 0.041]
                                       (specificity)                  (specificity)                 (specificity)


    510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 40

Reader US (TI-RADS categorization) vs. US+DS (TI-RADS categorization w/AI Adapter)


  Per reader non-parametric AUC comparing US to US+DS. The dashed line represents equivocal results with all points above this line
  demonstrating an improvement for the US+DS reading condition.


  Reader US (TI-RADS categorization + size criteria) vs. US+DS (TI-RADS categorization w/AI Adapter + size
  criteria) Change in Operating Point (FNA)


  Change in Sensitivity and Specificity of FNA Recommendations for all data for all readers. The base of the arrow represents the initial
  operating point, while the arrowhead represents the sensitivity and specificity of US+DS


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 41

Reader US (TI-RADS categorization + size criteria) vs. US+DS (TI-RADS categorization w/AI Adapter + size
  criteria) Change in Operating Point (Follow-up)


  Change in Sensitivity and Specificity of Follow-Up Recommendations for all data for all readers. The base of the arrow represents the initial
  operating point, while the arrowhead represents the sensitivity and specificity of US+DS


  Primary endpoints were successfully met, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement of 0.074
   [0.051, 0.098] (95% confidence interval) in overall reader performance of US-based readers when utilizing
  Koios DS for the interpretation of US-based thyroid ultrasound studies.


  10. Special Controls


  Design verification and validation and product labelling include all requirements proscribed in the 21 CFR
  892.2060 Special Controls.


  11. Conclusion


  Nonclinical performance tests demonstrate that the Koios DS software device is as safe, as effective, and
  performs as well as or better than the legally marketed predicate Koios DS software. It has similar intended use,
  indications for use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The Koios DS
  product is substantially equivalent to K212616.


510(k) Summary                    Koios Medical, Inc.                      Page 42