BunkerHill Health
℅ John Smith, JD Partner
Hogan Lovells US, L.L.P.
555 Thirteenth Street NW,
WASHINGTON, DC 20004
                                                                         July 1, 2025
Re: K243779
    Trade/Device Name:  Bunkerhill Abdominal Aortic Quantification (AAQ)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 2, 2025
    Received: June 2, 2025

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243779 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the

K243779 - John Smith                                                                Page  3


Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K243779
Device Name
Bunkerhill Abdominal Aortic Quantification (AAQ)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Bunkerhill AAQ is a radiological image processing system software indicated for use in the analysis
of CT exams with or without contrast, that include the L1 — L5 region of the abdominal aorta, in
adults aged 22 and older.
The device is intended to assist appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with
the maximum axial abdominal aortic axial diameter measurement of cases that include the
abdominal aorta. Bunkerhill AAQ is indicated to evaluate normal and aneurysmal abdominal aortas
and is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.
The Bunkerhill AAQ results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are unofficial, are
not final, and are subject to change after review by a qualified interpreting physician. For final
clinically approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are
responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K243779


                                    510(K) SUMMARY
                                           Bunkerhilll AAQ
                                     K243779

Bunkerhill, Inc.
436 Bryant Street
San Francisco CA 94107

Phone: (408) 8028146
Contact Person: Eren Alkan
Date Prepared: July 1, 2025

Proposed Device

     Proprietary Name       Bunkerhill Abdominal Aortic Quantification (AAQ)
      Classification Name     Medical image management and processing system
     Regulation Number    21 CFR 892.2050
     Product Code        QIH
     Regulatory Class           II


Predicate Device

     Proprietary Name           Briefcase Quantification Device
     Premarket Notification    K230534
      Classification Name        Medical image management and processing system
     Regulation Number       21 CFR 892.2050
     Product Code           QIH
     Regulatory Class                II


Device Description

Bunkerhill AAQ is a software-only medical device that employs deep learning algorithms to provide
automatic  maximal  abdominal  aortic  diameter  measurements  from  axial CT  scans  of  the
abdomen/pelvis, with or without IV contrast.

Bunkerhill AAQ receives DICOM instances and processes them chronologically by running the
algorithm on relevant series to measure the maximum abdominal aortic diameter. Following the AI
processing, the output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to standard radiology image review and
reporting software.

Bunkerhill AAQ produces a preview image annotated with the maximum axial diameter measurement.
The diameter marking is not intended to be a final output, but serves the purpose of visualization and
measurement. The original, unmarked series remains available in the PACS as well.

The preview image presents an unofficial and not final measurement, and the user is instructed
to review the full image and any other clinical information before making a clinical decision. The image
includes a disclaimer: “Not for diagnostic use. The measurement is unofficial, not final, and must be
reviewed by a qualified interpreting physician”.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

Bunkerhill AAQ is a radiological image processing system software indicated for use in the analysis of
CT exams with or with-out contrast, that include the L1 – L5 region of the abdominal aorta, in adults aged
22 and older.

The device is intended to assist appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with the
maximum axial abdominal aortic diameter measurement of cases that include the abdominal aorta.
Bunkerhill AAQ is indicated to evaluate normal and aneurysmal abdominal aortas and is not intended to
evaluate post- operative aortas.

The Bunkerhill AAQ results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are unofficial, are not
final, and are subject to change after review by a qualified interpreting physician. For final clinically
approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.

A table comparing the intended use of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                  Proposed Device: Bunkerhill AAQ          Predicate Device: Briefcase
                             Algorithm                      Quantification (K230534)

  Intended use /   Bunkerhill AAQ is a radiological image    BriefCase-Quantification is a
  Indications for   processing system software indicated for   radiological image management and
  use             use in the analysis of CT exams with or    processing system software indicated for
                  without contrast, that include the L1 – L5   use in the analysis of CT exams with
                   region of the abdominal aorta, in adults     contrast, that include the abdominal
                 aged 22 and older.                           aorta, in adults or transitional
                                                             adolescents aged 18 and older.
               The device is intended to assist                                                 The device is intended to assist
                   appropriately trained medical specialists                                                              appropriately trained medical specialists
                by providing the user with the maximum                                                   by providing the user with the maximum
                    axial abdominal aortic diameter
                                                      abdominal aortic axial diameter
                measurement of cases that include the
                                                     measurement of cases that include the
                 abdominal aorta. Bunkerhill AAQ is
                                                      abdominal aorta (M-AbdAo) BriefCaseindicated to evaluate normal and
                                                              Quantification is indicated to evaluate                 aneurysmal abdominal aortas and is not
                                                      normal and aneurysmal abdominal aortas                  intended to evaluate post- operative
                                                     and is not intended to evaluate post-                      aortas.
                                                             operative aortas.

Proposed Device: Bunkerhill AAQ          Predicate Device: Briefcase
                             Algorithm                      Quantification (K230534)

               The Bunkerhill AAQ results are not      The BriefCase-Quantification results are
                  intended to be used on a stand-alone basis   not intended to be used on a stand-alone
                    for clinical decision-making or otherwise   basis for clinical decision-making or
                  preclude clinical assessment of cases.      otherwise preclude clinical assessment of
                 These measurements are unofficial, are     cases. These measurements are
                   not final, and are subject to change after                                                                    unofficial, are not final, and are subject
                 review by a qualified interpreting                                                                  to change after review by a radiologist.
                   physician. For final clinically approved                                                        For final clinically approved
                 measurements, please refer to the official                                                        measurements, please refer to the official
                   radiology report. Clinicians are                                                            radiology report. Clinicians are
                   responsible for viewing full images per
                                                              responsible for viewing full images per
                    the standard of care.
                                                               the standard of care.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological elements:

     ●  Both the predicate and the subject device use deep-learning algorithms to assist the medical
            professionals with the maximum abdominal aortic axial diameter measurement.

     ●  Both devices analyze non-gated chest computed tomography (CT) images that are sent to
            the software in DICOM format.

     ●  Both devices serve as support tools to provide information to the physician. Both can be
           used on- demand or optionally by the physician and do not provide a definitive diagnosis.
          Both devices do not replace clinical evaluation and do not alter the standard of care. Both
            require the physician to use this information to decide next steps and/or additional
            diagnostic work up.

     ●  Both devices provide a preview image annotated with the maximum axial diameter
          measurement and the original, unmarked series remains available in the PACS.

The following technological difference exists between the subject and predicate devices:

     ●  Minor difference in device input (contrast and non-contrast for subject device vs contrast
           scans for predicate device)

Proposed Device:          Predicate Device:         Summary
                        Bunkerhill AAQ         Briefcase Quantification
                         Algorithm                (K230534)

Product code      QIH                QIH                   Same

Regulation number  21 CFR §892. 2050       21 CFR §892. 2050        Same

Modality          Computed tomography    Computed tomography      Same
                   (CT)                    (CT)

Image format     DICOM            DICOM                Same

Supported CT scan  CT exams with or      CT exams with               Similar
                    without contrast that       contrast that include
                     include the abdominal      the abdominal aorta
                      aorta
Diameter          Yes                   Yes                    Same
measurement

Algorithm            Artificial intelligence       Artificial intelligence       Same
                    algorithm with database   algorithm with database of
                     of images.                images.

Interference with   No                No                    Same
standard workflow

Output             Output can be optionally   Produces a preview image    Similar
                     or on-demand be          annotated with the
                      inserted into the        maximum axial diameter
                    radiology report;         measurement. The original,
                   produces a preview      unmarked series remains
                  image annotated with      available in the PACS as
                     the maximum axial        well.
                    diameter measurement.
                 The original, unmarked
                       series remains available
                      in the PACS as
                      well.

Proposed Device:          Predicate Device:         Summary
                          Bunkerhill AAQ         Briefcase Quantification
                           Algorithm                (K230534)

  Structure            -Bunkerhill AAQ, is        -BriefCase-Quantificat      Same
                     hosted on a cloud server,   ion, is hosted on a
                      analyzes applicable CT    cloud server, analyzes
                    images that are acquired   applicable CT images
                   on CT scanner that are     that are acquired on
                    forwarded to Bunkerhill  CT scanner that are
                AAQ.                   forwarded to
                            - The results of the         BriefCase-Quantificati
                       analysis are exported      on.
                        in DICOM format, and      - The results of the
                       are sent to a PACS         analysis are exported
                       destination for review      in DICOM format, and
                   by medical specialists,     are sent to a PACS
                        to assist in the             destination for review
                   measurement of the       by medical specialists,
                    abdominal aorta.           to assist in the
                                          measurement of the
                                           abdominal aorta.


 Type of             Adjunctive information    Adjunctive information     Same
  Interpretation

 Intended User       Appropriately trained      Appropriately trained       Same
                    medical specialists        medical specialists

  Patient population    Patients aged 18 years    Patients above the age of 18  Same
                   and above

 Anatomical         Abdominal aorta         Abdominal aorta          Same
  location

 Intended location    Medical facility          Medical facility           Same

 Rx or OTC       Rx                 Rx                    Same


Performance Data

Safety and performance of the AAQ algorithm has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development and
Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket Submissions
for Device Software Functions”.

The AAQ algorithm performance was validated in a stand-alone retrospective study for overall
agreement of the device output compared to a ground truth established by 3 U.S. Board Certified
Radiologists. The pivotal test set comprised 258 patients sourced North Carolina, Alabama, the greater
Washington D.C area, and Sao Paulo, Brazil. The mean-absolute-error = 1.58 mm (95 % CI 1.38–1.80)
versus the ≤ 2.0 mm acceptance criterion, and the secondary endpoint with ΔICC = 0.003 < 0.05, while
Bland-Altman limits were ± ≈5 mm, supporting the characterized performance. The dataset was balanced
with 118 male and 140 female patients, the median age of the patient population was 67 years old and the
range was 22 years old to 99 years old, the manufacturers represented in the test set were Toshiba, Phillips,
Siemens, and GE Healthcare, and the test set consisted of 58% non-contrast studies and 42% contrast
studies. The subgroup analyses showed consistent performance across sex, age, aneurysm size,
manufacturer, slice-thickness strata, kVp ranges, contrast vs. non-contrast, and collection site
demonstrating the generalizability of the algorithm.

Conclusions

The Bunkerhill AAQ algorithm is as substantially equivalent as the predicate Briefcase Quantification
device (K230534). The subject device has the same intended uses and similar indications,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences
in indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do not affect its safety and
effectiveness when used as labeled. In summary, any minor differences between the AAQ algorithm
and the Briefcase Quantification do not raise any issues of substantial equivalence.