January 29, 2025


Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Xingtong Jiang
Deputy General Manager
Floor 6&7, West Area of Building No. 8, No.30 YuHua Road,
Shunyi
Beijing, Beijing 101318
China

Re: K243042
    Trade/Device Name: Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 878.4350
    Regulation Name: Cryosurgical Unit And Accessories
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: GEH
    Dated: September 27, 2024
    Received: December 30, 2024

Dear Xingtong Jiang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243042 - Xingtong Jiang                                                            Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243042 - Xingtong Jiang                                                            Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                                                  Digitally signed by Long H. Chen
                                                                                              -S                    Long H. Chen -S                                                                                      Date: 2025.01.29 13:46:22 -05'00'
                                     Long Chen, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT4A: Division of General Surgery Devices
                                  OHT4: Office of Surgical and
                                                   Infection Control Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243042

Device Name
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is designed to destroy solid tumors, intended for use in open,
minimally invasive or endoscopic surgical procedures in the areas in general surgery, urology, gynecology, oncology,
neurology, dermatology, ENT, proctology, pulmonary surgery and thoracic surgery. The system is designed to Co-Ablate
tissue by the application of extreme cold temperatures including prostate and kidney tissue, liver metastases, tumors, skin
lesions, and warts.
In addition, the system is also intended for use in the following indications:
General Surgery
• Destruction of warts or lesions.
• Palliation of tumors of the oral cavity, rectum, and skin.
• Ablation of breast fibroadenomas.
• Ablation of leukoplakia of mouth, angiomas, sebaceous hyperplasia, basal cell tumors of the eyelid or canthus area,
ulcerated basal cell tumors, dermatofibromas, small hemangiomas, mucocele cysts, multiple warts, plantar warts,
hemorrhoids, anal fissures, perianal condylomata, pilonidal cysts, actinic and seborrheic keratoses, cavernous
hemangiomas, recurrent cancerous lesions.
Urology
• Ablation of prostate tissue in cases of prostate cancer and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Gynecology
• Ablation of malignant neoplasia or benign dysplasia of the female genitalia.
Oncology
• Ablation of cancerous or malignant tissue.
• Ablation of benign tumors.
• Palliative intervention.
Neurology
• Freezing of nerve tissue in pain management/cryoanalgesia.
Dermatology
• Ablation or freezing of skin cancers and other cutaneous disorders.
Proctology
• Ablation of benign or malignant growths of the anus and rectum.
• Ablation of hemorrhoids.
Thoracic Surgery
• Ablation of cancerous lesions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                           K243042

                      510(k) Summary
      Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe


1. Submission Sponsor

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Floor 6&7, West Area of Building No. 8, No.30 YuHua Road, Shunyi,
101318 Beijing
PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA

Contact Name: Mr.Xingtong Jiang, Deputy General Manager
Email: djq@hygeamed.com
Phone:+86-010-82158025

2. Date Prepared

Sep 25th 2024

3. Device Identification

Trade/Proprietary Name:    Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe
Regulation Number:       21 CFR 878.4350
Regulation Name:           Cryosurgical Unit And Accessories
Regulatory Class:            Class II
Regulatory Class:         GEH

4. Predicate Device(s):

CRYOCARE TOUCH™System and Accessories (k201588)
Manufacturer: Varian Medical Systems, Inc.

XSense Cryoablation System with CryoProbes(K240892)
Manufacturer: IceCure Medical Ltd.

ISOLIS Cryoprobe(K230271)
Manufacturer: Varian Medical Systems, Inc.


The CRYOCARE TOUCH™System and accessories are a cryotherapy delivery system that is
used to freeze/ablate  tissue by the  application of extreme cold temperatures. The
CRYOCARE TOUCH System is a standalone surgical system, it consists of a compact, easy
to-operate console and associated accessories that include Endocare™Cryoprobe devices to


                                             1

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                           K243042
deliver cold temperatures to the therapeutic tissue and Endocare TempProbe™Devices to
monitor temperatures in the surrounding tissue. The CRYOCARE TOUCH system software
manages the therapy delivered to the patient by the Endocare cryoprobes. The cryoprobes
are designed to deliver cold temperatures for cryotherapy using high pressure argon gas
circulated through the cryoprobe. Active tissue thawing is achieved by circulating helium gas
through the cryoprobe. The refrigerative and warming capacity is limited to the distal end of
the probe shaft.

The XSense Cryoablation System with CryoProbes  is operated in conjunction with an
imaging system, such as ultrasound, to provide real-time visualization of the cryosurgical
procedure, used in a professional healthcare environment for cryotherapy according to
IceCure Medical’s technology. The device technology is based on the delivery of the low
temperature cryogen under pressure from the internal dewar to the CryoProbe’s  tip,
enabling it to reach very low temperature, due to the thermal energy transfer principle that
occurs as a result of phase transfer from liquid to gas of nitrogen at the tip of the CryoProbe,
and thus freeze and destroy the treated tissue that the CryoProbe comes in contact with.

The ISOLIS cryoprobe is a single use, disposable device designed for use with CryoCare®
Systems. ISOLIS cryoprobes are designed to deliver cold temperatures for cryoablation using
high-pressure argon gas circulated through the cryoprobe, followed by active thawing using
helium gas. The refrigerative and warming capability is limited to the distal end of the probe
shaft that is comprised of stainless steel and is designed with a pointed tip to facilitate
cryoprobe insertion and placement.

5. Device Description

The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is a device designed to freeze/ablate
tissue.  It utilizes phase change effect to generate extremely low temperature and high
temperature to destroy lesion tissues with a combined working mode, to achieve better
clinical efficacy, safety and efficiency.
Main components: Co-Ablation System, Sterile Co-Ablation Probe.
Accessory: Sterile Temperature Probe.

The Co-Ablation System is a mobile medical equipment. The Co-Ablation System consists a
host of Co-Ablation System including liquid nitrogen storage tank (referred to as cryotank),
cryo-valve, warm working medium storage tank (referred to as warmtank), warm-valve,
waste bottle,insulated pipe and control/display system, etc. The Co-Ablation System has
model number with AI Epic S40U and AI Epic S20U.

The Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is a single-use sterile product, consisting of a handle, quick
release connector, probe tip and probe shaft.  It must be used in conjunction with the
Co-Ablation System. During treatment, the Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is inserted into the
lesion to be ablated. The freezing channel is opened, and the freeze working medium (liquid
nitrogen) rapidly flows to the probe and evaporates to absorb heat, rapidly freezing and


                                             2

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                           K243042
destroying tissue near the probe tip. When the system is switched from the freeze mode to
warm mode, high temperature steam passes to the tip of the Sterile Co-Ablation Probe,
rapidly heating the tip portion of the Sterile Co-Ablation Probe so that the frozen tissue
around the Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is quickly melted, and the Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is
easily pulled  out. The  Sterile Co-Ablation Probe  consists  of  right-angle and  straight
configurations with model number Elite, and comprises 20 specifications as listed below:
         Model             Specifications                Structural Form
                             ACL17
                            ACS17
                           ACX17
                            ABL20                     Straight shaped
                            ABS20
                            ABX20
                            ADL26
                             RCL17
                             RCS17
                            RCX17
               Elite                             RBL20
                            RBS20
                            RBX20
                             RBL26                 Right-angled shaped
                            RBS26
                            RBX26
                            RAL26
                            RAS26
                            RAL30
                            RAS30
The Sterile Temperature Probe is designed for use with the Co-Ablation System to monitor
temperatures in the surrounding tissue. The Sterile Temperature Probe with model number
Ease, and comprises 4 specifications: TSS08, TSL08, TMS15 and TML15.
6. Intended Use and Indications for Use

The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is designed to destroy solid tumors,
intended for use in open, minimally invasive or endoscopic surgical procedures in the areas
in general surgery, urology, gynecology, oncology, neurology, dermatology, ENT, proctology,
pulmonary surgery and thoracic surgery. The system is designed to Co-Ablate tissue by the
application of extreme cold temperatures including prostate and kidney  tissue,  liver
metastases, tumors, skin lesions, and warts.

In addition, the system is also intended for use in the following indications:


                                             3

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                           K243042
General Surgery
• Destruction of warts or lesions.
• Palliation of tumors of the oral cavity, rectum, and skin.
• Ablation of breast fibroadenomas.
• Ablation of leukoplakia of mouth, angiomas, sebaceous hyperplasia, basal cell tumors of
  the  eyelid  or canthus  area,  ulcerated  basal  cell tumors, dermatofibromas,  small
  hemangiomas, mucocele cysts, multiple warts, plantar warts, hemorrhoids, anal fissures,
  perianal condylomata,  pilonidal  cysts,  actinic and  seborrheic  keratoses, cavernous
  hemangiomas, recurrent cancerous lesions.
Urology
• Ablation of prostate tissue in cases of prostate cancer and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
Gynecology
• Ablation of malignant neoplasia or benign dysplasia of the female genitalia.
Oncology
• Ablation of cancerous or malignant tissue.
• Ablation of benign tumors.
• Palliative intervention.
Neurology
• Freezing of nerve tissue in pain management/cryoanalgesia.
Dermatology
• Ablation or freezing of skin cancers and other cutaneous disorders.
Proctology
• Ablation of benign or malignant growths of the anus and rectum.
• Ablation of hemorrhoids.
Thoracic Surgery
• Ablation of cancerous lesions.

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The following table compares the Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe to the
predicate devices with respect to indications for use, principles of operation, technological
characteristics, materials, and performance, and forms the basis for the determination of
substantial equivalence. The subject device does not raise any new questions of safety or
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device.


                                             4

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042
   Table 1 – Predicate and Subject Device Comparison - Co-Ablation System
                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
510(k) Number             K243042                       K201588                        K240892                                 /

Regulatory Class               Class Ⅱ                             Class Ⅱ                               Class Ⅱ                       Same

Regulation Name              Cryosurgical unit and accessories    Cryosurgical unit and accessories      Cryosurgical unit and accessories     Same

Product Code             GEH                       GEH                        GEH                          Same

Regulation No.              21 CFR 878.4350                 21 CFR 878.4350                  21 CFR 878.4350                 Same

                          Hygea Medical Technology Co.,
Manufacturer                                                    Varian Medical Systems              IceCure Medical Ltd                     /
                                  Ltd.

                              Co-Ablation System with Sterile     Cryocare TOUCH™System and       XSense Cryoablation System with
Trade/Device Name                                                                                                                                       /
                              Co-Ablation Probe                  Accessories                        CryoProbes
                          The Co-Ablation System with       The Cryocare Touch™System is       XSense Cryoablation System with
                                   Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is         intended for use in open, minimally   CryoProbes is intended for cryogenic
                            designed to destroy solid tumors,    invasive or endoscopic surgical        destruction of tissue during surgical
                             intended for use in open,           procedures in the areas in general     procedures by the application of
Intended use
                             minimally invasive or endoscopic     surgery, urology, gynecology,         extreme cold temperatures. XSense   Same
                                  surgical procedures in the areas in   oncology, neurology, dermatology,    Cryoablation System with CryoProbes
                              general surgery, urology,            ENT, proctology, pulmonary surgery     is indicated for use as a cryosurgical
                              gynecology, oncology, neurology,    and thoracic surgery. The system is    tool in the fields of general surgery,


                                                5

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
                             dermatology, ENT, proctology,       designed to freeze/ablate tissue by    dermatology, neurology (including
                           pulmonary surgery and thoracic     the application of extreme cold        cryoanalgesia), thoracic surgery, ENT,
                                surgery. The system is designed to   temperatures including prostate and  gynecology, oncology, proctology,
                             Co-Ablate tissue by the application  kidney tissue, liver metastases,       and urology. The system is designed
                               of extreme cold temperatures       tumors, skin lesions, and warts.       to destroy tissue by the application
                                including prostate and kidney                                              of extreme cold temperatures
                                   tissue, liver metastases, tumors,                                            including fibroadenomas, prostate
                                 skin lesions, and warts.                                           and kidney tissue, liver metastases,
                                                                                                 tumors, skin lesions, and warts.
                                                                                            XSense Cryoablation System with
                                                                                               CryoProbes may be used with an
                                                                                                imaging device such as an ultrasound
                                                                                                       to provide realtime visualization of
                                                                                                  the cryosurgical procedure.
                             General Surgery                   General Surgery                     General Surgery
                                                                                                                        The subject device is
                          • Destruction of warts or lesions    • Destruction of warts or lesions     • Ablation of breast fibroadenomas,
                                                                                                                                      the same as the
                          • Palliation of tumors of the oral    • Palliation of tumors of the oral      leukoplakia of mouth, angiomas,
                                                                                                                                              predicate device A,
                                    cavity, rectum, and skin                cavity, rectum and skin              sebaceous hyperplasia, basal cell
                                                                                                                      and compare to
Indications for Use           • Ablation of breast              • Ablation of breast fibroadenomas   tumors of the eyelid or canthus area,
                                                                                                                                              predicate device B,
                           fibroadenomas                  • Ablation of leukoplakia of the       ulcerated basal cell tumors,
                                                                                                                                                 “Ablation of
                          • Ablation of leukoplakia of        mouth, angiomas, sebaceous         dermatofibromas, small
                                                                                                                                        arrhythmic cardiac
                          mouth, angiomas, sebaceous        hyperplasia, basal cell tumors of the  hemangiomas, mucocele cysts,
                                                                                                                                                        tissue” is not included.
                                hyperplasia, basal cell tumors of     eyelid or canthus area, ulcerated      multiple warts, plantar warts,


                                                6

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                           Predicate Device B
                                   Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
      Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                   Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                     CryoProbes
                         the eyelid or canthus area,          basal cell tumors, dermatofibromas,   hemorrhoids, anal fissures, perianal
                           ulcerated basal cell tumors,         small hemangiomas, mucocele       condylomata, pilonidal cysts actinic
                         dermatofibromas, small               cysts, multiple warts, plantar warts,   and seborrheic keratoses, cavernous
                       hemangiomas, mucocele cysts,      hemorrhoids, anal fissures, perianal   hemangiomas, recurrent cancerous
                           multiple warts, plantar warts,       condylomata, pilonidal cysts, actinic   lesions. Palliation of tumors of the
                         hemorrhoids, anal fissures,        and seborrheic keratoses, cavernous  rectum, hemorrhoids, anal fissures,
                            perianal condylomata, pilonidal     hemangiomas, recurrent cancerous    pilonidal cysts, and recurrent
                               cysts, actinic and seborrheic          lesions                             cancerous lesions. Destruction of
                            keratoses, cavernous               Urology                            warts or lesions. Palliation of tumors
                       hemangiomas, recurrent          • Ablation of prostate tissue in        of the oral cavity, rectum, and skin.
                         cancerous lesions                   cases of prostate cancer and benign   Urology
                         Urology                              prostatic hyperplasia               •  Ablate prostate tissue in cases of
                       • Ablation of prostate tissue in     Gynecology                          prostate cancer and benign prostatic
                          cases of prostate cancer and       • Ablation of malignant neoplasia     hyperplasia (BPH)
                         benign prostatic hyperplasia         or benign dysplasia of the female     Gynecology
                        Gynecology                           genitalia                         • Ablation of malignant neoplasia or
                       • Ablation of malignant neoplasia   Oncology                          benign dysplasia of the female
                          or benign dysplasia of the female   • Ablation of cancerous or             genitalia
                              genitalia                          malignant tissue                   Oncology
                        Oncology                       • Ablation of benign tumors        • Ablation of cancerous or
                       • Ablation of cancerous or         • Palliative intervention             malignant tissue and benign tumors
                         malignant tissue                  Neurology                       and palliative intervention
                       • Ablation of benign tumors       • Freezing of nerve tissue in pain     Dermatology


                                             7

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
                          • Palliative intervention           management/cryoanalgesia         • Ablation or freezing of skin cancers
                            Neurology                       Dermatology                     and other cutaneous disorders.
                          • Freezing of nerve tissue in pain   • Ablation or freezing of skin           Palliation of tumors of the skin.
                            management/cryoanalgesia         cancers and other cutaneous          Destruction of warts or lesions
                           Dermatology                        disorders                      ENT (Ear, Nose, and Throat)
                          • Ablation or freezing of skin        Proctology                       • Palliation of tumors of the oral
                              cancers and other cutaneous       • Ablation of benign or malignant     cavity and ablation of leukoplakia of
                               disorders                        growths of the anus or rectum        the mouth.
                              Proctology                      • Ablation of hemorrhoids           Proctology
                          • Ablation of benign or malignant   Thoracic Surgery                  • Ablation of benign or malignant
                            growths of the anus and rectum    • Ablation of cancerous lesions      growths of the anus and rectum and
                          • Ablation of hemorrhoids                                          hemorrhoids
                              Thoracic Surgery                                                         Thoracic Surgery
                          • Ablation of cancerous lesions                                     • Ablation of arrhythmic cardiac
                                                                                                                tissue and cancerous lesions
                                Professional healthcare              Professional healthcare
Use Environment                                                                                          Professional healthcare environment  Same
                           environment                     environment
                                This system is only restricted to     The users of the system must be      The user of the XSense cryoablation
                            use in specific surgeries by           physicians trained in their            system only if you meet all the
                                 qualified medical professionals      respective fields, supported by        following criteria:
Intended User                                                                                                 Same
                         and nursing staffs properly           technicians trained in the operation   You are a board certified medical
                                 trained. Those who have not         of the system. Physicians should be    practitioner licensed in your country.
                              received adequate training on the    either Urologists or Interventional    You have taken a certified lceSense3


                                                8

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
                            use of this system are prohibited     Radiologists. Technicians must be at   cryoablation system training course.
                          from operating or maintaining the    least high school graduates who are   You have read and understood all
                              system.                           subsequently trained in the           relevant material accompanying
                                                                 operations of the Endocare           theIceSense3 cryoablation system.
                                                               Cryocare CS system. The technician
                                                          works under the direction of the
                                                                   physician to operate the machine,
                                                                     including tank-set up, machine
                                                                         start-up, and operating the user
                                                                         interface.
                                                                                                                        The Subject Device is
                                                                                                                                      the same as the
Principles of Operation       Phase Change Effect               Joule-Thomson Effect               Phase Change Effect                   Predicate Device B, but
                                                                                                                                      they differ from the
                                                                                                                                              Predicate Device A.
                                                                                                                        The subject Devices
Operation Mode               Freeze, Warm, Pause                Freeze, Thaw, Stick, Stop              Freeze, Thaw, Stick, Pause, Extraction
                                                                                                                                           don’t have stick mode.
                                                                                                            Same
                                                                                                                                 Three devices have the
                            Procedure planning/Manual                                        Automatic/Manual/Pre-programmed  same model, just only
Software Control                                           Auto/Manual Freeze.
                              Operation.                                                                  freezing cycles                       the description is
                                                                                                                            minor difference.


                                                9

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
                                                                                                                        The Subject Device
                                                                                                                      and Predicate Device B
                                                                                                                             have the same
Freeze Temperature at the
                    -186℃± 10℃                    -150 ℃± 10 ℃                    -196 ℃                       minimum
Probe Tip
                                                                                                                                      temperature, which is
                                                                                                                                   lower than the
                                                                                                                                              Predicate Device A.
                                                                                                                        The Subject Device
                                                                                                                      and Predicate Device B
                                                                                                                             have the same
                                                                                                                                      Cryogen, Liquid
Cryogen                       Liquid Nitrogen                  Argon                                 Liquid Nitrogen
                                                                                                                                              Nitrogen. The
                                                                                                                                              Predicate Device A
                                                                                                                                      uses Argon as the
                                                                                                                                          cryogen.
                                                                                                                        The temperature of
Warm Temperature at the                                                                                                              the Subject Device is
                          75 ℃± 10 ℃                   40 ℃                           40 ℃
Probe Tip                                                                                                                                   higher than that of
                                                                                                                              both Predicate Devices


                                                10

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
                                                                                                                        The three devices use
                                                                                                                                                          different materials as
                                                                                                                                      the warming working
Warming working fluid         Ethyl alcohol                     Helium                             Nitrogen gas
                                                                                                                                                                      fluid based on their
                                                                                                       own operating
                                                                                                                                                               principle.
                          Under CT guidance, the tumor      Under CT guidance, the tumor       Under CT guidance, the tumor tissue
                                 tissue boundary is clear,              tissue boundary is clear, Cryocare     boundary is clear, XSense
                              Co-Ablation System can control     Touch™System can control the ice    Cryoablation System can control the
Safety                                                                                                       Same
                             the ice ball size according to the      ball size according to the image in      ice ball size according to the image in
                          image in real time to achieve the     real time to achieve the precise        real time to achieve the precise
                               precise ablation.                     ablation.                               ablation.

Human Machine Interface     Touchscreen/Keyboard            Touchscreen/Remote Keyboard       Touchscreen/Cryohandle           Same

                                                                                                                        The maximum number
                           S40U: Configure 1 to 4
Probe Channel                                            1 to 8                           1                                      of channels is
                           S20U: Configure 1 to 2
                                                                                                                                                                different.
                                                                                                                        The maximum number
             Channel      1 to 4                          1 to 8                           1                                      of channels is
Temperature
                                                                                                                                                                different.
Probe
              Disposable
                                Single use                            Single use                             Single use                      Same
                /Single use


                                                11

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
   Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                              Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
         Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System with          Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe         Cryosurgical unit and accessories
                                                                                                        CryoProbes
                  Sterility      EO                         EO                          EO                           Same
             Biocompatib
                               Patient contact materials comply     Patient contact materials comply      Patient contact materials comply
                     ility                                                                                              Same
                             with ISO 10993-1                  with ISO 10993-1                    with ISO 10993-1
                Classification
               Patient
              Contacting    304 Stainless steels               304 Stainless steels                304 Stainless steels               Same
               Materials

   Table 2 – Predicate and Subject Device Comparison - Sterile Co-Ablation Probe
                                                                                                           Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System            Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe               ISOLIS Cryoprobe
                                                                                                    with CryoProbes
510(k) Number             K243042                       K230271                        K240892                           /
                          Hygea  Medical  Technology  Co.,
Manufacturer                                                    Varian Medical Systems              IceCure Medical Ltd                /
                                  Ltd.
Probe Shaft                304 Stainless steels               304 Stainless steels                304 Stainless steels           Same
Probe Shaft Insulation       Vacuum                      Vacuum                       Vacuum                   Same
Probe Shaft Tip               Trocar                              Trocar                                Trocar                     Same
Outer Diameter                                                                                                       The three devices have
                               1.7/1.98/2.6/3.0                    1.7/2.4/3.8                           2.4/3.4
(mm)                                                                                                                                              different diameters.

Disposable /Single use         Single use                            Single use                             Single use                  Same


                                                12

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
   Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
   Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                                                                                K243042

                                                                                                           Predicate Device B
                                       Subject Device                    Predicate Device A
          Feature                                                                           XSense Cryoablation System            Discussion
                                       Sterile Co-Ablation Probe               ISOLIS Cryoprobe
                                                                                                    with CryoProbes
                                                                                                                    The Subject Device and
                                                                                                                                         Predicate Device B are
                                                                                                                                                               sterilized using the same
Sterility                 EO                      Gamma Irradiation              EO
                                                                                                                                                                sterilization method as EO.
                                                                                                                    The Predicate Device B uses
                                                                                           Gamma Irradiation.
Biocompatibility               Patient contact materials comply  Patient  contact  materials  comply  Patient    contact    materials
                                                                                                        Same
classification                 with ISO 10993-1                  with ISO 10993-1                  comply with ISO 10993-1
Patient Contacting          304   Stainless   steels.   Contact  304   Stainless    steels.   Contact  304  Stainless  steels.  Contact
                                                                                                        Same
Materials                    duration<24 hours                 duration<24 hours                  duration<24 hours
Probe Pretest                 Yes                                Yes                                 Yes                       Same

   The intended uses and indications for use of Subject Device are substantially the same as the predicate devices, and the Subject Device has the similar technological
    characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate devices. The minor technological differences between the Subject Device and the Primary Predicate
   Device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the Subject Device is as safe and effective as the cleared the cleared
   XSense Cryoablation System (K240892), the cleared Cryocare TOUCH™System(K201588) and the cleared ISOLIS Cryoprobe (K230271).


                                                13

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                            K243042

8. Performance Data (Non-Clinical Testing)

Hygea completed the following non-clinical tests. The Co-Ablation System with Sterile CoAblation Probe passed the testing in accordance with internal requirements, national
standards, and international standards shown below. The test results support the device
substantial equivalence to the predicate device:

Electrical Safety:

●  The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe meets the basic safety and
essential performance for the intended use and use environment in accordance with
ANSI/AAMI ES60601-1.

Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

●The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe meets the EMC requirement for
the intended use and use environment in accordance with IEC 60601-1-2.

Usability Testing

●The usability testing of Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe is to evaluate
the user interface in accordance with IEC 60601-1-6 and IEC 62366.

Software Testing

●The software development is in accordance with IEC 62304, FDA guidance for the content
of premarket submissions for software contained in Medical devices and FDA guidance for
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
Submissions. And the software verification/validation met the acceptance criteria.

Sterilization Testing

●The Sterile Co-Ablation Probe and Sterile Temperature Probe are sterilized by EO, the validation
was performed in accordance with ISO 11135, ISO 11737-1,ISO 11737-2,ISO11607-1,
ISO 11607-2.

Biocompatibility Testing

●The applied parts of Sterile Co-Ablation Probe and Sterile Temperature Probe are inserted into
the tissue and limited contact is less than 24 hours, the biocompatibility testing was performed in
accordance with ISO 10993 related standards.

Shelf Life Testing

●The aging testing and packaging testing were performed to verify the validity of shelf life and
packaging of Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe.
Ex-vivo Testing


                                             14

Hygea Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe                            K243042
●The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe were performed the ex-vivo testing,
co-ablation volume correlates with treatment area length, tip diameter, and freezing time.
The longer the treatment area, the larger the probe diameter, and the longer the duration of
cryogenics, the larger the volume of ice ball formed and the larger the area of tumor that
can be clinically covered, without increasing inadvertent damage to surrounding tissue.

Additional Performance Testing:

●The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe ice ball verification testing.
●Sterile Temperature Probe measurement accuracy verification testing.

Animal Testing:

●The Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe were performed the animal testing,
which indicated that Sterile Co-Ablation Probe of different diameters corresponding to
different cold zones could produce ice balls of different sizes under the same ablation
scheme,  providing a  basis  for  clinicians to  treat tumors  of  specific  sizes,  different
specifications can better meet clinical needs. And throughout all ablation treatments, the
ECG monitoring results showed stable vital signs in the animals, all the subject devices could
be used with the desired functions, no abnormalities of the device was observed, and the
operability was good. It was validated fully the efficacy, safety and usability of the product,
without the additional safety and performance risk.


9. Performance Data (Clinical Testing)

No clinical data was necessary to determine the substantial equivalence of this device.


10. Conclusion

The intended uses and indications for use are substantially the same as the predicate devices,
and the Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe has the similar technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate devices. The minor technological
differences do not  raise new or  different questions of safety and effectiveness, the
non-clinical performance testing has demonstrated the Co-Ablation System with Sterile
Co-Ablation Probe  is as safe and  effective as the predicate devices. Therefore, the
Co-Ablation System with Sterile Co-Ablation Probe are substantially equivalent to the
predicate devices.


                                             15