May 9, 2025


Volta Medical
℅ Kristin Duggan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K243812
    Trade/Device Name: Volta AF-Xplorer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK
    Dated: December 11, 2024
    Received: April 10, 2025

Dear Kristin Duggan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243812 - Kristin Duggan                                                              Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243812 - Kristin Duggan                                                              Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              MARCO CANNELLA -S
                                              for
                                       Aneesh Deoras
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K243812

Device Name
Volta AF-Xplorer


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Volta AF-Xplorer assists operators in the real-time manual or automatic annotation of 3D anatomical and electrical
maps of human atria for the presence of multipolar intra-cardiac atrial electrograms exhibiting spatiotemporal dispersion
during atrial fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243812 510(k) SUMMARY

                          VOLTA MEDICAL’s

                                     Volta AF-Xplorer

Submitter

Volta Medical

65 Avenue Jules Cantini
13006 Marseille
France

Phone: +33 7 68 02 54 99

Contact Person: Paola MILPIED

Date Prepared: December 11, 2024


Name of Device: Volta AF-Xplorer

Common or Usual Name: Cardiac Mapping System

Classification Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer

Regulatory Class: 21 C.F.R § 870.1425

Product Code: DQK

Predicate Device

        Volta Medical, Volta AF-Xplorer (K232616)

Reference Device

        Volta Medical, VX1 (K201298)

Device Description

The Volta AF-Xplorer is a machine and deep learning based-algorithm designed to assist operators in
the real-time manual or automatic annotation of 3D anatomical and electrical maps of the human heart
for the presence of electrograms (EGMs) exhibiting spatio-temporal dispersion, i.e., dispersed EGMs.

The Volta AF-Xplorer device is a non-sterile reusable medical device, composed of a computing
platform and a software application. Volta AF-Xplorer works with all existing 510(k)-cleared catheters
that meet specific dimension requirements and with one of the three specific data acquisition systems:
    •  Two compatible EP recording systems: the LabSystem Pro EP Recording System (Boston
         Scientific) (K141185) or the MacLab CardioLab EP Recording System (General Electric)
       (K130626),
    •  a 3D mapping system: EnSite X 3D mapping system (Abbott) (K221213).


                                      1 of 7

K243812


A connection cable is used to connect the corresponding data acquisition system to the Volta AFXplorer system, depending on the type of communication used:
    •   Unidirectional analog communication with the EP recording systems via a custom-made cable
       (two different variants: DSUB, Octopus) and an Advantech PCI-1713U analog-to-digital
        converter, which acquires analog data, digitizes  it, and transmits the digital signals to the
       computer that hosts the Volta AF-Xplorer software.
    •   Bidirectional digital communication with the EnSite 3D mapping system via an ethernet cable
        (four different lengths: 20, 10, 5 or 2m) which transmits the digital signals directly to the
       computer.

The computer and its attached display are located outside the sterile operating room area. The Volta
AF-Xplorer software analyzes the patient’s electrograms to cue operators in real-time to intra-cardiac
electrograms of interest for atrial regions harboring dispersed electrograms as well as a cycle length
estimation from electrograms recorded with the mapping and the coronary sinus catheters.  The
results of the analysis are graphically presented on the attached computer display and/or on a
secondary medical screen or on an operating room widescreen. The identified regions of interest are
either  manually   (all  configurations)  or  automatically  (only  available  in  digital  bidirectional
communication with the EnSite X 3D mapping system) tagged in the corresponding 3D mapping
system.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Volta AF-Xplorer assists operators in the real-time manual or automatic annotation of 3D
anatomical and electrical maps of human atria for the presence of multipolar intra-cardiac atrial
electrograms exhibiting spatiotemporal dispersion during atrial fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.

Differences between subject and predicate intended use:
The intended use  / indications for use of the subject and predicate devices are identical with the
exception that the qualifying language related to the clinical significance of the device has been
removed based upon the results of the Tailored-AF clinical study which provide new clinical evidence
related to the device safety, effectiveness and performance.

The updated indications for use statement and additions to the product labeling do not alter the
intended use of the device as an electrophysiological evaluation tool and do not affect, or raise different
questions of, the device safety and effectiveness.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The Volta AF-Xplorer device is technologically identical to its Volta AF-Xplorer predicate (K232616).

Volta AF-Xplorer and predicate are software programs that work with standard electrophysiology
catheters to aid in mapping the heart. Volta AF-Xplorer and its predicate aid operators by assisting in
annotating complex electrical maps of the heart, and process and output information via a computer
and display that are operated by use of a keyboard / mouse. Volta AF-Xplorer and its predicate have
the same input (intra-cardiac multipolar signals) and the same output (associated dispersion).


                                      2 of 7

K243812


Volta AF-Xplorer and its predicate support electrophysiologists in the manual annotation of dispersed
areas using an unidirectional analog communication. Volta AF-Xplorer and its predicate provide the
ability to connect to a specific 3D mapping system through a bidirectional digital communication, which
enables the operator to use the device’s function for automatically tagging regions of interest.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                    Volta Medical Volta AF-Xplorer       Volta Medical Volta AF-Xplorer
                                (Subject)                          (K232616)
 Regulation      21 C.F.R. § 870.1425                      SAME
 Classification
                Programmable Diagnostic Computer             SAME
 Name
 Product Code   DQK                                 SAME
 Indications for   The Volta AF-Xplorer assists operators  The Volta AF-Xplorer assists operators
 Use                in the real-time manual or automatic      in the real-time manual or automatic
                  annotation of 3D anatomical and        annotation of 3D anatomical and
                      electrical maps of human atria for the    electrical maps of human atria for the
                 presence of multipolar intra-cardiac     presence of multipolar intra-cardiac
                        atrial electrograms exhibiting               atrial electrograms exhibiting
                  spatiotemporal dispersion during atrial   spatiotemporal dispersion during atrial
                        fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.             fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.

                                              The clinical significance of utilizing the
                                                           Volta AF-Xplorer software to help
                                                                   identify areas with intra-cardiac atrial
                                                       electrograms exhibiting spatiotemporal
                                                           dispersion for catheter ablation of atrial
                                                          arrhythmias, such as atrial fibrillation,
                                                 has not been established by clinical
                                                               investigations.
 System Type     Signal processing based atrial mapping
                                                SAME
                system
 Primary Feature  Displays and analyzes electrical maps
                such as intra-cardiac electrograms in
                                                SAME
                    real-time using machine learning and
                    signal processing techniques
 3D Location      Electroanatomic location is performed
 Technology     by another commercially available
                   navigation system. In bidirectional
                                                SAME
                       digital communication, 3D Location is
                 shared by the 3D Mapping System with
                   Volta AF-Xplorer
 Compatible      • LabSystem Pro EP Recording System
 Acquisition       (Boston Scientific)                                                SAME
 Systems         • CardioLab EP Recording System (GE)
                  • EnSite X 3D Mapping System (Abbott)


                                      3 of 7

K243812


                   Volta Medical Volta AF-Xplorer       Volta Medical Volta AF-Xplorer
                               (Subject)                          (K232616)
Compatible     Any compatible mapping and ablation
                                               SAME
Catheters        catheter
Display(s)       Color monitor                           SAME
Multi-Display     Yes, duplicate display on a secondary
Support         medical screen or on an operating room           SAME
                widescreen
Control         Standard keyboard / mouse                   SAME
Display Timing   Real-time                              SAME
Inputs Required  Analog or digital Intra-cardiac signals In
                     digital mode, 3D locations of                  SAME
                corresponding electrodes bipoles
Output         Presence or absence of electrogram
                  dispersion at each electrode bipole
                under consideration In digital mode, 3D
                  locations of corresponding electrodes
                                               SAME                  bipoles

              Computed values of mapping and
                 reference cycle length
Duration of       1.5 Seconds
Electrogram                                        SAME
Recordings
Output Display   The system generates color coded
                 symbol(s) that indicates to the operator
                   that the area under investigation is one
                   exhibiting dispersion In bidirectional
                     digital communication, validated                SAME
                  dispersion area can also be
                  automatically displayed in the 3D
               mapping system as tags in the 3D atrial
                   shell
Signal           Acquired patient signals, including body
Information      surface ECG and intra-cardiac EGMs             SAME
Displayed
Computing      Computer with Intel Core i7-7700 CPU
Platform       (8MB Cache, up to 4.20 GHz, RAM 32
                GB), with integrated analog/digital                                               SAME
                 converter PCI card and TPM (Trusted
                 Platform Module)
               Debian-based Linux OS
Hardware       Computing platform, proprietary                SAME
Design and      software algorithm, monitor,
Materials        mouse/keyboard, custom-made analog
                 connection cable, ethernet cable,
                   acquisition system


                                     4 of 7

K243812


Performance Data

No bench or animal testing was conducted in support of this submission.

The company also provided the Tailored-AF study results published in Nature Medicine Journal
(Deisenhofer et al) and performed on VX1, the substantially equivalent predicate device to Volta AFXplorer, to support the updated indications for use and product labeling.

The Tailored-AF Trial (NCT04702451) was an international, multicenter, randomized, controlled,
single-blind, superiority trial in which patients with drug-refractory persistent atrial fibrillation were
randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to either (1) a tailored ablation procedure targeting areas of
spatiotemporal dispersion detected by VX1 artificial intelligence software (predecessor to Volta AFXplorer) in addition to pulmonary vein isolation (PVI) (the “Tailored” group; n=187), or (2) to a
conventional pulmonary vein isolation-only procedure (the “Anatomical” group; n=183). The trial was
conducted at 26 centers across 5 countries in Europe and the United States. A total of 51 operators
performed the catheter ablation procedures.

The primary effectiveness endpoint was freedom from documented atrial fibrillation lasting more than
30 seconds after a 3-month blanking period through 12 months after one ablation procedure with or
without anti-arrhythmic drugs (AADs). Freedom from any  atrial arrhythmia was addressed  in
secondary effectiveness endpoints. The use of anti-arrhythmic medications was allowed during the
first 3 months after the initial ablation (the post-ablation “blanking period”), after which their use was
discouraged.  All study subjects were followed for 12 months with scheduled visits at 3, 6, and 12
months. Clinical assessments, 12-lead electrocardiograms and 24-hour Holter monitoring recordings
were obtained at each visit. All patients received a 6-lead Kardia portable monitor and were asked to
perform and transmit rhythm recordings weekly and any time they had symptoms for the complete
study duration. Patients with recurrent atrial fibrillation after the blanking period were allowed to start
or resume the use of anti-arrhythmic medications; they were also allowed to undergo a repeat ablation
using the same procedure to which they were initially randomly assigned. A total of 13 patients
dropped out of the study before the end of the blanking period (7 in the Tailored arm and 6 in the
Anatomical arm) and were not included  in the analyzed modified Intention-To-Treat (“mITT”)
population.

The proportion of subjects who were on a Class 1 or 3 AAD at study enrollment, hospital discharge,
and the 3-month visit was similar between the two study arms. However, a greater proportion of
subjects in the Tailored arm were on a Class 1 or 3 AAD at the 6-month visit (24% in Tailored arm vs.
20% in Anatomical arm) and the 12-month visit (25% in Tailored arm vs. 23% in Anatomical arm), due
at least in part to the need for managing atrial tachycardia that occurred more often in the Tailored
arm after the blanking period.

Regarding the primary effectiveness endpoint, of the 180 mITT patients in the Tailored arm who
underwent the Tailored procedure and remained in the study, 158 (88%) demonstrated treatment
success with respect to the primary effectiveness endpoint as compared to 124 (70%) patients who
demonstrated treatment success in the Anatomical mITT population (n=177). The 18% difference in
primary effectiveness success between the two study arms was statistically significant (log-rank
p<0.0001). The proportion of primary effectiveness successes who were completely off Class 1/3
AADs throughout the effectiveness evaluation period (i.e., after the 3-month blanking period through
the 12-month visit) was lower in the Tailored arm than in the Anatomical arm (91/158 or 58% in Tailored


                                      5 of 7

K243812


arm vs. 82/124 or 66% in Anatomical arm) due at least in part to the use of AADs for managing atrial
tachycardia that occurred more often in the Tailored arm after the blanking period. The proportion of
primary effectiveness successes who were on a Class 1 or 3 AAD throughout the effectiveness
evaluation period was similar between the two study arms (30/158 or 19% in Tailored arm vs. 21/124
or 17% in Anatomical arm).

Regarding secondary effectiveness endpoints, in the mITT population, more patients in the Tailored
arm experienced freedom from any atrial arrhythmia (including atrial fibrillation and atrial tachycardia)
at 12 months after one or two ablation procedures, with or without the use of anti-arrhythmic
medications after a 3-month blanking period, although this difference was not statistically significant
(76% in Tailored arm vs. 71% in Anatomical arm). There was no difference between the two study
arms in the proportion of subjects free of any atrial arrhythmia recurrence at 12 months after one
procedure, with or without the use of antiarrhythmic medications after a 3-month blanking period (60%
vs. 60%).

The number of repeat procedures considered in the multiple-procedure endpoint was greater in the
Tailored arm than in the Anatomical arm (47 vs. 34 in the Tailored and Anatomical arms, respectively).

Patient’s quality of life assessed by using the AFEQT and SF-36 questionnaires improved significantly
at 12 months post-index procedure from baseline, independent of the ablation strategy. The
differences in the improvement in the AFEQT and SF-36 scores from baseline to 12 months postindex procedure were not statistically significant between the Tailored and Anatomical arms.

The rate of death, cerebrovascular events, or serious treatment-related adverse event at 12 months
post procedure, which was a secondary endpoint of the study did not differ statistically between the
two study arms (8/187 or 4.3% in the Tailored arm vs. 5/183 or 2.7% in the Anatomical arm). There
was no difference between the two study arms in the proportion of subjects with at least one major
procedure-related complications (5/187 or 2.7% in Tailored arm vs. 5/183 or 2.7% in Anatomical arm).
However, the rate of subjects with at least one minor procedure-related complication  is numerically
higher  in the Tailored arm (8.0%) (driven by more events  of  fluid overload and  pericardial
complications) compared to the Anatomical arm (3.2%) due presumably to the longer procedure and
radiofrequency (RF) ablation times in the Tailored arm. Indeed, the procedure and ablation time were
twice as long in the Tailored arm (178 ± 60 minutes vs. 92 ± 36 minutes for procedure time and 42 ±
17 minutes vs. 20 ± 11 minutes for ablation time).

In summary, the results of the Tailored-AF study showed that ablation of areas with dispersed EGMs
detected by the VX1 device, a previous version of the Volta AF-Xplorer that uses the same primary
algorithm, in addition to PVI was superior to PVI alone in terms of freedom from AF at one-year followup in patients with drug-refractory symptomatic persistent AF, while additional ablation of areas with
dispersed EGMs did not result in greater treatment success in terms of freedom from any atrial
arrhythmia at one-year follow-up in this population. The latter was due to more occurrences of atrial
tachycardia following the tailored ablation procedure targeting areas with dispersed EGMs in addition
to PVI. Moreover, compared to PVI alone, the tailored ablation procedure was associated with more
minor procedure-related complications (fluid overload and pericardial complications), and longer
procedure and ablation times due to additional ablation of areas with dispersed EGMs.


                                      6 of 7

K243812


Conclusions

The subject Volta AF-Xplorer device is as safe and effective as the previously cleared Volta AF-Xplorer
device (K232616). The Volta AF-Xplorer has the same intended uses and similar indications, and
identical technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device.

Performance data demonstrate the appropriateness of updating the indications for use and product
labeling. The updated indications for use statement and additions to the product labeling do not alter
the intended use of the device as an electrophysiological evaluation tool and do not affect, or raise
different questions of, the device safety and effectiveness.

Thus, the Volta AF-Xplorer is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.


                                      7 of 7