March 19, 2025

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
Hyeyi Park, Director
Director
12, Donggyo-ro 19-gil, Mapo-gu
Seoul, South Korea

Re: K243689
    Trade/Device Name: Aview
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, JAK
    Dated: February 25, 2025
    Received: February 25, 2025

Dear Park Hyeyi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243689 - Park Hyeyi                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-

K243689 - Park Hyeyi                                                                Page  3


devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K243689                                                          I
Device Name
 I AVIEW

Indications for Use (Describe)
 AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This
 software can be used to support the physician providing quantitative analysis of CT images by
 image segmentation of sub-structures in the lung, lobe, airways, fissures completeness, cardiac,
 density evaluation, and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT
 data set on-premises and as a cloud environment to allow users to connect by various environments
 such as mobile devices and Chrome browsers. Converts the sharp kernel to soft kernel for
 quantitative analysis of segmenting low attenuation areas of the lung Characterizing nodules in the
 lung in a single study or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include
 nodule type, location of the nodule, and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis),
 estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the
 average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass
 calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures(Solid major; length of the longest
 diameter measure in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule, Solid 2nd Major: The size of the longest
 diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion
 of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with
 findings.)). The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and
 measurements to be displayed and, integrate with FDA certified AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
 (Computer aided detection) (K221592).   It also provides the Agatston score, volume score, and mass
 score by the whole and each artery by segmenting four main arteries (right coronary artery, left main
 coronary, left anterior descending, and left circumflex artery). Based on the calcium score provides
 CAC risk based on age and gender The device is indicated for adult patients only.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) #:  K243689                                                      Prepared on: 2025-02-25                       510(k) Summary
IContact Details                                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
 Applicant Name                         I Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.

 Applicant Address               12, Donggyo-ro 19-gil, Mapo-gu Seoul Korea, South

 Applicant Contact Telephone   +82-2-571-7321

 Applicant Contact             Ms. Hyeyi Park

 Applicant Contact Email        hyeyi.park@corelinesoft.com
 Device Name                                                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name                  I AVIEW

 Common Name                Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Regulation Number           1892.2050

 Product Code(s)               QIH, JAK
                   Predicate Devices                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)ILegally Marketed
 Predicate              Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code

  K214036          AVIEW                                                                                QIH                                                            Z
IDevice Description Summary                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 The AVIEW is a software product that can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the interface from various storage devices
  using DICOM 3.0, the digital image and communication standard in medicine. It also offers functions such as reading, manipulation,
  analyzing, post-processing, saving, and sending images by using software tools. And is intended for use as a quantitative analysis of CT
  scanning. It provides the following features such as segmentation of lung, lobe, airway, fissure completeness, semi-automatic nodule
 management, maximal plane measure, 3D measures and volumetric measures, automatic nodule detection by integration with 3rd party
 CAD.  It also provides the Brocks model, which calculates the malignancy score based on numerical or Boolean inputs. Follow-up support
  with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize Lung-RADS score, which is a quality assurance tool designed to
  standardize lung cancer screening CT reporting and management recommendations that are based on type, size, size change, and other
  findings that are reported. It also provides a calcium score by automatically analyzing coronary arteries from the segmented arteries.
 Intended Use/Indications for Use                                 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
[
 AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This software can be used to support the
  physician providing quantitative analysis of CT images by image segmentation of sub-structures in the lung, lobe, airways, fissures
 completeness, cardiac, density evaluation, and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set onpremises and as a cloud environment to allow users to connect by various environments such as mobile devices and Chrome browsers.
 Converts the sharp kernel to soft kernel for quantitative analysis of segmenting low attenuation areas of the lung Characterizing nodules
  in the lung in a single study or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the
  nodule, and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume
 of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass calculated from
  the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures(Solid major; length of the longest diameter measure in 3Dfor a solid portion of the nodule,
  Solid 2nd Major: The size of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid
  portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings.)). The system

automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, integrate with FDA certified
 AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD (Computer aided detection) (K221 592).  It also provides the Agatston score, volume score, and mass score by
 the whole and each artery by segmenting four main arteries (right coronary artery, left main coronary, left anterior descending, and left
 circumflex artery). Based on the calcium score provides CAC risk based on age and gender The device is indicated for adult patients only.
 Indications for Use Comparison                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

 AVIEW considers that the differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate and Reference Devices are not significant as they
 have the same intended use and principle of operation, no differences in functionality and menus, and do not result in new or potential
  safety risks to users or patients and no questions of safety or effectiveness. Based on the results of the software validation and
  verification testing, we conclude that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the subject device.
ITechnological Comparison                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

 AVIEW with software version 2.0 provides the same technological characteristics in terms of materials, energy source, and control
 mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate device.

 The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced device functionality.

 The intended use, indications for use, and algorithms for the subject device remains unchanged from the predicate device. No main
 functions present from the predicate device have been de-scoped.

 The following differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.

  * Change the installation, execution files icon
  * Change the login page UI
  * Change the worklist page UI
 *Add a summary page
  * Change the LAA page UI
 *Change the Airway Wall page UI
  * Change the Fissure Completeness page UI
  * Change the LCS page UI
 *Change the CAC page UI
  * Change the Software Operation Environment
  * Add the function to calculate arterial age based on Agatston score
INon-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)
 This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release. Additionally, there was no
  clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is equivalent to the predicate device. The substantial
 equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing.

 The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general functions, application,
 and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate
 that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it is our opinion that the AVIEW described in this submission is substantially equivalent to
 the predicate device.