May 23, 2025

Pearl, Inc.
℅ Ashley Brown
Director of Regulatory Affairs
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K243989
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion® 3D
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: October 30, 2024
    Received: April 25, 2025

Dear Ashley Brown:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243989 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243989 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                  Lu Jiang

                                    Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K242989

Device Name

Second Opinion® 3D

Indications for Use (Describe)
Second Opinion® 3D is a radiological automated image processing software device intended to identify and mark
clinically relevant anatomy in dental CBCT radiographs; specifically Dentition, Maxilla, Mandible, Inferior Alveolar
Canal and Mental Foramen (IAN), Maxillary Sinus, Nasal space, and airway. It should not be used in lieu of full patient
evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid health professionals to review CBCT radiographs of patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent
and second reader


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243989


                     510(K) SUMMARY


 1. Submitter's Identification
 Pearl Inc.
 2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
 Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
 (239) 450-8829

 Contact Person: Ashley Brown | Position: Director of Regulatory Affairs |

 Date Summary Prepared: May 21, 2025

 2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion® 3D

 3. Common or Usual Name
 Radiological Automated Image Processing System

 4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
 Classification Name:     Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2050, Class II
 Product Code:         QIH (Radiological Automated Image Processing System)

 5. Predicate Information
 Predicate device: proposed predicate device for clearance of Second Opinion® 3D is
 Relu Creator by Relu BV, cleared in (K233925, June 13, 2024), a semi-automated
 software device classified as a Class II device pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2050 Medical
 image management and processing system under product code QIH.


 The Relu Creator is a software that is part of the digital workflow of dental specialists
 in preoperative planning. The main purpose  is the 3D modeling of the patient
 anatomy, which is technically called image segmentation and multimodel registration.
 Based on the model, simulations for preoperative and pretreatment planning can be
 carried out for dental applications. The 3D modeling (segmentation + registration) is
 performed on medical images like CBCT, IOS and FS. The preoperative/pretreatment
 software  can  be  applied  in  various  dental  disciplines such as  orthodontics,
 implantology, and maxillofacial surgery.

The Relu Creator device has the same technology (automatic segmentation algorithm) and
  intended  use  as automated image  processing  to  aid  dental  professionals  in  the
   visualization of CBCT radiographs. Please see ‘Predicates and Substantial Equivalence’
  document identified in this submission

  The cleared device is a software device, indicated for use by dental health
  professionals as an aid in reviewing CBCT radiographs. The device utilizes computer
  vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques, to identify clinically
  relevant anatomy on CBCT radiographs.

  The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate as the overall intended
  use and nature of the software remains the same.

  6.Device Description
 Second Opinion® 3D  is a  radiological automated image processing software device
 intended to identify clinically relevant anatomy in CBCT radiographs. It should not be used
  in lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

  It is designed to aid dental health professionals to identify clinically relevant anatomy on
 CBCT radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent
 and second reader.

 Second Opinion® 3D consists of three parts:

      ●     Application Programing Interface (“API”)
      ●    Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
      ●     Client User Interface (UI) (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:
   1. Images are uploaded by user
   2. Images are sent for processing via the API
   3. The API routes images to the ML modules
   4. The ML modules produce detection output
   5. The UI renders the detection output

 The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user interface
 and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine learning
 modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by the machine
  learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

 Second Opinion® 3D uses machine learning to identify areas of interest such as Individual
  teeth, including implants and bridge pontics; Maxillary Complex; Mandible; Inferior Alveolar
 Canal and Mental Foramen (defined as IAN); Maxillary Sinus; Nasal Space; Airway. Images
 received by the ML modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as

metadata. The final output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the
UI for visualization. Masks are displayed as overlays atop the original CBCT radiograph
which indicate to the practitioner a clinically relevant anatomy. The clinician can toggle over
the image to highlight a particular anatomy. Please see the ‘Device Description’ document
identified in this submission.

 7.Indications for Use
Second Opinion® 3D   is a  radiological automated image processing software device
intended to identify and mark  clinically relevant anatomy in dental CBCT radiographs;
specifically Dentition, Maxilla, Mandible, Inferior Alveolar Canal and Mental Foramen (IAN),
Maxillary Sinus, Nasal space, and airway.  It should not be used in lieu of  full patient
evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

  It is designed to aid health professionals to review CBCT radiographs of patients 12 years
of age or older as a concurrent and second reader.


8.Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
 The predicate devices and subject device are similar devices in the following ways:

     1) Intended use: All devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians in their
         clinically relevant anatomy on CBCT radiographs of permanent teeth.
     2) Technology characteristics: All devices employ computer vision and machine
        learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
       processing, and 3D rendering of segmentation within a user interface with a
        graphical overlay over radiographs.
     3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate devices are software systems,
        neither pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for
       both devices, subject and predicate, are potential inaccurate or misplaced
       anatomical segmentations, which could result  in a temporary non-serious
         injury. In the case of each device, users are not meant to rely solely on
        detection output for clinical decision-making.
     4) Performance Bench Testing: All devices have undergone bench studies which
       demonstrate  statistically  significant performance accuracy  in segmenting
       defined anatomies within CBCT radiographs.

Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion® 3D with the predicate devices.

                                                                      Primary Predicate                            Subject Device
                                                                       Relu Creator                   Second Opinion® 3D                                                                    K233925
  Manufacturer                   Pearl Inc.                                      Relu BV

  Classification                 892.2050                                     892.2050

 Product Code                 QIH                                     QIH

   Image                     Radiograph                                    Radiograph
  Modality

  Intended Use      Dental automated image processing     Dental automated image processing software device to aid
                   software device to aid in reviewing CBCT     in reviewing CBCT, IOS and FS medical images by HCP
                             radiograph by HCP
     Full IFU      Second Opinion® 3D  is a radiological  Relu Creator is a software program for the management,
                  automated  image  processing  software    transfer, and analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial
                    device  intended  to  identify and mark image information, and can be used to provide design input
                         clinically  relevant  anatomy   in  dental for dental solutions. It displays and enhances digital images
              CBCT radiographs; specifically Dentition,           from various sources to support the
                      Maxilla, Mandible, Inferior Alveolar Canal   diagnostic process and treatment planning. It stores and
                 and  Mental  Foramen  (IAN),  Maxillary provides these images within the system or across computer
                    Sinus, Nasal space, and airway. It should             systems at different locations.
                    not  be  used  in  lieu  of   full  patient
                     evaluation or solely relied upon to make
                     or confirm a diagnosis.

                                   It is designed to aid health professionals
                       to review CBCT radiographs of patients
                 12 years of age or older as a concurrent
                 and second reader.

 Intended body                   Dental                                           Dental
      part
  Technology      Utilizes computer vision neural network
                                                                           Utilizes computer vision neural network algorithms,
                    algorithms, developed from open-source                                                          developed from open-source models using supervised
                    models using supervised machine                                                                 machine learning techniques
                               learning techniques
    Device        3D modelling of patient anatomy              3D modelling of patient anatomy
  Description


 9.Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices
  The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate device is the
  automatic identification and display of dental-related anatomies using machine learning.

  The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

        •  Both devices are designed to process CBCT radiographs.

•  Both devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for 3D
       modelling of patient anatomy.
     •  Both devices display a mask overlay on the CBCT radiograph.
     •  Both devices produce near-instantaneous identification results.
     •  Both devices require a Basic Documentation Level.
     •  Both devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.


10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone bench performance
study. The results of the study showed the system is both safe and effective for its
intended use. When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion® 3D are
weighed against one another, the weight of benefits significantly exceeds that of risks.
This judgment can be made based on review of the submitted materials showing that
Second Opinion® 3D meets the design verification and validation requirements. It is thus
concluded that Second Opinion® 3D can be considered safe and effective such that the
device will aid users in the indicated user population in their CBCT radiographic review.

11.Cybersecurity
Pearl developed Security controls and processes in accordance with FDA Guidance -
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions dated September 2023. These processes are used in both the
development of Second Opinion® 3D and in post-market surveillance to ensure the
product upholds the highest standards of privacy and security.

12.Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
applicable to this device. Second Opinion® verification testing of software, unit testing,
software integration testing, and software system testing were conducted. Verification
and validation activities for Second Opinion® were conducted to provide evidence that
the design meets user needs, intended use and application specification. The testing
results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria and
the claims of substantial equivalence.

13.Discussion of Bench Performance Tests
Bench testing was performed Second Opinion® 3D to  clinically validate the different
anatomical structures in CBCT radiographs of permanent teeth. The software modification
is intended to assist dentists with their manual comparison by identifying and marking
clinically relevant anatomy in CBCT radiographs. The effectiveness of Second Opinion®
3D was gauged via bench performance testing to determine the segmentation accuracy of

AnatomyID  Anatomy Name  Mean (95% CI)  Median [Min., Max.]  Std.dev. one-sample t-test (p_value)

    1            Dentition      0.86 (0.83, 0.89)    0.88 [0.55, 0.93]      0.08           <0.000001
    2       Maxillary Complex 0.91 (0.91, 0.92)    0.92 [0.72, 0.94]      0.03           <0.000001

    3          Mandible      0.97 (0.97, 0.97)    0.97 [0.94, 0.98]      0.01           <0.000001

    4         IAN Canal     0.76 (0.74, 0.78)     0.78 [0.4, 0.88]       0.09           <0.000001

    5         Maxillary Sinus   0.97 (0.97, 0.98)    0.98 [0.73, 0.99]      0.03           <0.000001

    6         Nasal Space     0.9 (0.89, 0.91)     0.91 [0.72, 0.96]      0.04           <0.000001

    7            Airway       0.95 (0.94, 0.96)    0.96 [0.58, 0.98]      0.04           <0.000001


   Dentition, Maxilla, Mandible, IAN space, Sinus, Nasal space, and airway passed their
   individually associated threshold.1 The Second Opinion® 3D device, has therefore been
  determined to accurately segment the identified anatomies based on the analysis of results
   with p-values below 0.05, showing statistically significant accuracy at a 95% confidence
   interval.

   (1) Albano, D., Galiano, V., Basile, M. et al. Artificial intelligence for radiographic imaging
      detection of caries lesions: a systematic review. BMC Oral Health 24, 274 (2024).

  14.Comparison to Predicate Clinical Outcomes
   Primary predicate: Relu Creator
  Performance bench testing of the Relu Creator software was performed utilizing a dataset
   of 40 CBCT scans acquired with different scanning parameters. The Relu Creator
   software demonstrated in a study on the segmentation of dental implants in CBCT images
   reported a Dice Similarity Coefficient score of 0.92±0.02, demonstrating the effectiveness
   of their model in accurately segmenting dental implants.These examples illustrate that

models utilizing Relu Creator can achieve high segmentation accuracy, as evidenced by
substantial Dice Coefficient scores.


15.Conclusions
Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion® 3D and its primary
predicate device, Relu Creator, are deemed to have similar intended uses as devices
which aid in identifying clinically relevant anatomy in CBCT radiographs. Second
Opinion® 3D’s bench performance testing the results demonstrate that the device
effectively performs as well as the primary predicate device.
Second Opinion® 3D raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended
use and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.