April 7, 2025
Tyto Care Ltd.
Stella Raizelman Perry
RA&QA Director
14 Beni Gaon Street
Netanya,
Israel

Re: K243567
    Trade/Device Name: Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.1900
    Regulation Name: Diagnostic Pulmonary-Function Interpretation Calculator
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PHZ
    Dated: March 5, 2025
    Received: March 5, 2025

Dear Stella Raizelman Perry:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243567 - Stella Raizelman Perry                                                       Page  2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K243567 - Stella Raizelman Perry                                                       Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                            Rachana Visaria -S

                                        Rachana Visaria, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT1C: Division of Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, and Sleep Devices
                                  OHT1: Office of Ophthalmic, Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, ENT, and Dental Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243567

Device Name
Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection is a prescription-use artificial intelligence (AI) enabled decision support software
system used in the evaluation of lung sounds in adults and pediatrics (2 years and older). It automatically analyzes the
acoustic signal of the lung as recorded by the FDA 510k cleared compatible Tyto Stethoscope and identifies recordings
where a specific abnormal lung sound suggestive of “Rhonchi” is suspected. It is not intended to detect other abnormal or
normal lung sounds. A licensed health care professional’s advice is required to understand the meaning of the Tyto
Insights for Rhonchi Detection result. Healthcare providers should consider the device result in conjunction with
recording and other relevant patient data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary


       Submitter Name and   Tyto Care Ltd.
       Address:             14 Beni Gaon Street Netanya, Israel,
                           4250803

       Contact Person:        Stella Raizelman Perry RA & QA
                                 Director
                              Email: stellar@tytocare.com
                           Phone Number: +972 72-2210750
                           Fax Number: +972 72-2210752

       Establishment        3012678246
        Registration
      Number:


       Date Prepared:        April 07, 2025

       Device Trade         Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection
       Name(s):


       Device Common       Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection
      Name:


        Classification:       Name: Diagnostic pulmonary-function interpretation
                                   calculator
                           Product code: PHZ
                             Regulation No: 21 CFR 868.1900
                                Class: II
                              Panel: Anesthesiology


Predicate Device(s):
Device name                510(k) No.                Date of Clearance
Tyto Insights for Crackles      K240555                     July 02, 2024
Detection


                                                                                                     1

Intended use / indication for use statement

The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection is a prescription-use artificial intelligence (AI)

enabled decision support software system used in the evaluation of lung sounds in adults

and pediatrics (2 years and older). It automatically analyzes the acoustic signal of the lung

as recorded by the FDA 510k cleared compatible Tyto Stethoscope and identifies recordings

where a specific abnormal lung sound suggestive of “Rhonchi” is suspected. It is not

intended  to  detect  other abnormal or normal lung sounds. A  licensed  health  care

professional’s advice is required to understand the meaning of the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi

Detection result. Healthcare providers should consider the device result in conjunction with

recording and other relevant patient data.


Device description

The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection is a web-based AI-enabled software system

designed to aid in the clinical assessment of lungs auscultation sound data by analyzing

recorded lung sounds to determine whether a Rhonchi is detected within the recorded sound

data. The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection Software is intended to process recordings

from the FDA-cleared compatible Tyto Stethoscope (Tyto Stethoscope, K181612). The

acquisition of the acoustic data (recordings) is carried out by a professional user in a clinical

environment or by a lay- user in a non-medical environment, in compliance with the labeling

of the Tyto Stethoscope. The system is composed of the following sub-systems:

1.  The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection Application Server (APS) communicates with

    the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection Algorithm Server (ALS) and implements an

    application programming interface (API) for communication with the telehealth server.

2.  The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection Algorithm Server (ALS) receives an audio file

    as input and returns an analysis result of positive or negative regarding whether a

    Rhonchi was detected as output.

3.  The Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection Web Server (WBS) provides a graphic

    indication whether a Rhonchi is detected in the recording. It can be utilized both in the

     patient and clinician side.

All the software subsystems (servers and storage) are hosted in the cloud and communicate

through IP network.

The recordings from the compatible Tyto Stethoscope (K181612) are sent by the third-party

 point of care app to the clinician app through the telehealth server. The telehealth server

 sends the set of the lung sound recordings to the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection web

 server using its dedicated API. The AI enabled algorithm runs automatically and returns a

 response for each audio file with the indication of rhonchi to the telehealth server which

 sends a response to both the clinician side and the patient side.


 Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Devices

The following table compares the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection to the predicate
device.

Table 1. Substantial Equivalence Summary

                     Device                   Predicate Device         Comparison
Device Name         Tyto Insights for Rhonchi   Tyto Insights for Crackles  NA
                      Detection                  Detection
Device              Tyto Care Ltd.            Tyto Care Ltd.        NA
Manufacturer
510(k) Number      K243567               K240555           NA
Device Class          Class II                    Class II               Same

Review Panel         Anesthesiology            Anesthesiology          Same

Product code      PHZ                PHZ                 Same

Regulation number   21 CFR 868.1900         21 CFR 868.1900         Same.

Device             Abnormal breath sound    Abnormal breath sound    Same
Classification Name   device                     device
Intended use and    The Tyto Insights for      The Tyto Insights for     Same
indication for use    Rhonchi Detection is a     Crackles Detection is an    Both the predicate
                        prescription-use artificial   over-the-counter artificial   device and the subject
                        intelligence (AI) enabled    intelligence (AI) enabled   device have the same
                       decision support software   decision support software   intended use and
                     system used in the         system used in the          indication for use in
                       evaluation of lung sounds   evaluation of lung sounds   that both are intended to
                         in adults and pediatrics (2   in adults and pediatrics (2   detect specific and
                       years and older). It         years and older). It        abnormal breath sounds
                       automatically analyses the   automatically analyses the   in the same intended
                       acoustic signal of the lung   acoustic signal of the lung   patient population
                       as recorded by the FDA     as recorded by the FDA     (adult and pediatric) by
                   510k cleared compatible   510k cleared compatible    the same user [Health
                    Tyto Stethoscope and      Tyto Stethoscope and      Care Professional
                          identifies recordings         identifies recordings       (HCP)] when selfwhere a specific abnormal  where a specific abnormal   administered by patient
                     lung sound suggestive of    lung sound suggestive of

Device                   Predicate Device       Summary
                    “Rhonchi” is suspected. It   “Crackle” is suspected. It   and/or the HCPs. Both
                            is not intended to detect      is not intended to detect    devices are only
                       other abnormal or normal   other abnormal or normal   intended to be
                     lung sounds. A licensed    lung sounds. A licensed     interpreted by HCP and
                       health care professional’s   health care professional’s  HCP advice is required
                      advice is required to        advice is required to         for the patient to
                      understand the meaning    understand the meaning    understand their result.
                       of the Tyto Insights for     of the Tyto Insights for
                    Rhonchi Detection result.   Crackles Detection result.
                      Healthcare providers       Healthcare providers
                     should consider the        should consider the
                      device result in            device result in
                      conjunction with           conjunction with
                      recording and other         recording and other
                        relevant patient data.        relevant patient data.
Type of use            Prescription Use           Over-The-Counter Use    Use under prescription
                                                                                         (clinical oversight) does
                                                                            not raise different
                                                                             questions of safety and
                                                                                 effectiveness
Intended users        Professional users and lay   Professional users and lay  Same
                       users (18-65 years old).     users (18-65 years old).

Intended patient       Patients of 2                Patients of 2           Same
population            years and older             years and older
Intended              Non-clinical (home) and    Non-clinical (home) and   Same
environment           clinical                        clinical
Input              Lung sounds recorded by   Lung sounds recorded by   Same
                     compatible Tyto           compatible Tyto
                      Stethoscope (K181612)     Stethoscope (K181612)

Signal length         Recordings are processed    Recordings are processed  Same
                        in segments of up to 12     in segments of up to 12
                     seconds while signals      seconds while signals
                        shorter than 6 seconds will  shorter than 6 seconds will
                      not be processed.           not be processed.


                                                                                                          5

Output                    Positive (Rhonchi         Positive (Crackles   Substantially equivalent.
                               suspected),                  suspected),          Indication whether the
                          Negative (Rhonchi       Negative          abnormal lung sound
                             not suspected),             (Crackles not      was detected or not and
                          The Tyto Insights           suspected),          indication in case the
                                for Rhonchi             The Tyto Insights   device was not able to
                             Detection was not           for Crackles        analyze the recording.
                              able to analyze the          Detection was not
                              recording                  able to analyze the
                                                         recording
Performance
                AUC: 0.96            AUC: 0.97                 Substantially equivalent.
                       (0.92–0.98)                 (0.95–0.98)

                      Estimate two-sided 95%    Estimate two-sided 95%
                         Cl):                          Cl):
                         Sensitivity: 0.60 (0.50-      Sensitivity: 0.72 (0.63-
                       0.69)                       0.79)
                         Specificity: 0.99 (0.97 -     Specificity: 0.99 (0.97 -
                       1.00)                       1.00)


User interface     Web view             Web view             Same


   Standards Conformance

         ANSI AAMI ISO 14971:2019, Medical devices - Application of risk
         management to medical devices
         ANSI AAMI IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016, Medical device software - Software life
           cycle processes
         ISO 15223-1 Fourth edition 2021-07, Medical devices - Symbols to be used
           with information to be supplied by the manufacturer - Part 1: General
           requirements.
         ANSI AAMI IEC 62366-1:2015+AMD1:2020 (Consolidated Text) Medical
           devices Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical device.

   Performance evaluation:

  SW verification and validation - The software including both custom developed software and OTS
    software, have been verified and validated and have been demonstrated to be safe and effective for its
   intended use. The software documentation level is basic per Content of Premarket Submissions for Device
   Software Functions, Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff, dated June 14,
   2023.

   Cybersecurity- all the applicable information to reflect effective cybersecurity management and to
   address the FDA’s recommendations described in Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Refuse to Accept
   Policy for Cyber Devices and Related Systems Under Section 524B of the FD&C Act, March 2023,
                                                                                                          6

Cybersecurity  in Medical  Devices:  Quality  System  Considerations and  Content  of Premarket
Submissions, September 2023.

Human factors validation – the minor user interface modifications did not introduce new critical tasks
and didn’t impact existing critical tasks. Therefore, no additional human factors validation was required
and the human factors testing for the predicate device was applicable.

Clinical Validation- The performance of the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection device in detecting
rhonchi in recordings acquired by the compatible Tyto Stethoscope has been evaluated on a retrospective
validation dataset. The retrospective validation dataset is composed of recordings obtained from the realworld use of the Tyto Care FDA-cleared compatible Tyto Stethoscope (K181612). 400 recordings (100
Rhonchi positive and 300 negative), corresponding to the intended patient population of the Tyto Insights
for Rhonchi Detection Software (a total of 400 patients). The demographics of the validation dataset are
presented hereunder:


                                                    N=400
                                                               recordings
      Age Group (Years)
                              Positive          Negative          Total

        2-18               66 (33.50%)       131 (66.50%)       197 (49.25%)
       ≥ 18               34 (16.75%)       169 (83.25%)       203 (50.75%)
       Sex
                              Positive          Negative          Total
       Male              52 (26.67%)       143 (73.33%)       195 (49%)
       Female            48 (23.41%)       157 (76.59%)       205 (51%)
                        Table 2: Validation data-set demographics

To establish the ground truth, all the recordings were read by three blinded experienced

Pulmonologists at random, the binary ground truth was determined by a majority vote of these

three Pulmonologists. For the characterization of the stand-alone accuracy, the automated

binary result of the software has been compared to ground truth and specificity and sensitivity

were calculated. This stand-alone accuracy is presented hereunder in table 3:


        Parameter                    Estimate (two-sided 95% CI)
          Sensitivity (Se)                  0.60 (0.50–0.69)
          Specificity (Sp)                 0.99 (0.97–1.00)
          Positive Predictive Value (PPV)  0.74 (0.41–1.00)
         Negative Predictive Value        0.99 (0.98–0.99)
        (NPV)
        Table 3: The stand-alone accuracy of the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection

For the characterization of the clinical performance the Area under the Receiver Operating

Curve (AUC) for rhonchi detection by the device was compared to the clinical readers


                                                                                                      7

(Physicians non-Pulmonologists). To calculate the AUC the probability score was extracted

from the device and compared to a likelihood score that was recorded by the clinical readers

independently for every recording.

The primary endpoint was to establish that the lower bound of 95% two-sided CI for the

difference in AUCs between the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection vs. clinical readers is

higher than non-inferiority margin of -0.05. The secondary endpoint was the repeatability of

the software as compared to the clinical readers.


                                     Estimate 95% two sides CI
     Parameter
    AUC Clinical readers               0.79 (0.75–08 3)

    AUC Tyto Insights for Rhonchi      0.96 (0.92–0.98)
      Detection
    AUC Tyto Insights for Rhonchi      0.16 (0.13– 0.21)
      Detection – clinical readers
    Table 4: The clinical accuracy of the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection as compared to
     Clinical readers.

For the indicated patient population the difference in AUC (Tyto Insights for Rhonchi

Detection – Readers; higher values in favor of the device) was 0.16 (0.13–0.21) establishing

the non–inferiority (0.13 > margin of –0.05) of the device in detecting rhonchi. Similar results

were also shown within the subgroup analysis, as evidence that the device accuracy is

consistent with age and sex groups, additional abnormal lung sounds and recordings generated

by clinician or lay-user. The accuracy of the device has not been established in obese

population (adults with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m² or children at/above the 95th percentile for age and

gender). The secondary endpoint was  repeatability, the device  is characterized by a

repeatability (by design) with kappa of 1.0 and agreement of 100% compared to readers

repeatability with kappa of 0.57 (0.49 -0.65).


Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)


The table below includes a description of the software modifications that can be made to the

algorithms in the device subject to the authorized PCCP as well as a description of the test

methods that will be used to support substantial equivalence determination.


                                                                                                      8

Detailed list of changes        Test Methods             Acceptance criteria to establish
                                                           substantial equivalence

1. Modifications related to       Software verification       Software verification and
    quantitative measures of       and validation               validation meet the
   performance                 Clinical performance        requirements
    specifications:                   Validation.                Clinical performance
                               Retrospective study on          Validation:
Re-training of the ML model    dataset of the compatible
with additional data to         Tyto Stethoscope           Stand-alone:
improve the performance )of    recordings                Accuracy of device – Sensitivity,
the re-trained algorithm          that are representative of
                                                                 Specificity, PPV, NPVcompared to the original        the intended recorded
device while the same type      patient population (data     Co-Primary endpoints:
and range of input signal is      will be acquired by the        Sensitivity of the modified
used.                          real-world use of the Tyto       device calculated on the new
                              Stethoscope) .                   validation dataset compared to
                                                                 the results for the original
                                                              device
                                                         Specificity of the modified
                                                             device calculated on the new
                                                                  validation dataset compared to
                                                                 the results for the original
                                                              device

                                                      Success criteria:
                                                The success is defined if the LCI
                                                                for Se is higher than 0.500 and LCI
                                                                for Sp is higher than 0.9749. Se and
                                               Sp are co-primary endpoints.
                                                    Meeting both endpoints is required
                                                                for the modification to be declared
                                                                successfully.

                                                  Secondary Endpoint
                                                The PPV and NPV of the newly
                                                               trained algorithm compared to the
                                         PPV and the NPV of the original
                                                              device.


                                                                                                    9

2. Modifications related to       Software verification       Software verification and
    quantitative measures –        and validation               validation meet the
    technical performance        Verification testing will      requirements
    specifications.                be conducted for the       Verification testing meet the
                               improved                   requirements
Modification of data               computational             Clinical performance
preprocessing methodologies       parameters                   Validation:
/data augmentation              Clinical performance
methodologies/ Architecture        Validation.              Stand-alone:
and hyper-parameters to        Retrospective study on      Accuracy of device – Sensitivity,
improve the performance or     dataset of the compatible
                                                                 Specificity, PPV, NPVthe efficiency of the           Tyto Stethoscope
computational resources        recordings               Co-Primary endpoints:
(running time, memory          that are representative of       Sensitivity of the modified
consumption and CPU          the intended recorded           device calculated on the new
utilization).                      patient population (data          validation dataset compared to
                                  will be acquired by the

                               real-world use of the Tyto        the results for the original
                               Stethoscope)                   device
                                                         Specificity of the modified
                                                             device calculated on the new
                                                                  validation dataset compared to
                                                                 the results for the original
                                                                  device.
                                                      Success criteria:
                                                       Success is defined if the LCI for Se
                                                                           is higher than 0.500 AND LCI for
                                               Sp is higher than 0.9749. Se and Sp
                                                             are co-primary endpoints. Meeting
                                                        both endpoints is required for the
                                                           modification to be declared
                                                                successfully.

                                                  Secondary Endpoint
                                                        The PPV and NPV of the
                                                      newly trained algorithm
                                                      compared to the PPV and the
                                        NPV of the original device.


                                                                                                       10

3. Modifications related to       Software verification           Software verification and
   device inputs:                and validation                    validation meet the
                               Clinical performance            requirements
Expanding the algorithm to         Validation.                    Clinical performance
include new sources of the      Retrospective study on               Validation:
same signal type (different      dataset of the compatible     Stand-alone:
model of FDA compatible      Stethoscope recordings     Accuracy of device – Sensitivity,
Stethoscope with equivalent     that are representative of
                                                                 Specificity, PPV, NPVaudio acquisition               the intended recorded
specifications).                  patient population (data    Four co-primary endpoints:
Modification is limited to       will be acquired by the      Stand-Alone performance:
expanding to electronic         real-world use of the
stethoscopes that have FDA     applicable Stethoscope      Accuracy of device – Sensitivity,
510k clearance (for over-the-   models ).                     Specificity, PPV, NPV
counter use) at the time that
the proposed modification is                             Four Co-Primary endpoints:
made.                                                                 • Sensitivity of the newly trained
                                                          algorithm on the new validation
                                                               dataset (subset collected only with
                                                             the new stethoscope that have the
                                                            required FDA 510k clearance at the
                                                        time that the proposed modification
                                                                           is made) compared to the results for
                                                             the original device.
                                                                       • Specificity of the newly trained
                                                          algorithm on the new validation
                                                               dataset (subset collected only with
                                                             the new stethoscope that have the
                                                            required FDA 510k clearance at the
                                                        time that the proposed modification
                                                                           is made) compared to the results for
                                                             the original device.


                                                                                                       11

• Sensitivity of the modified device
                                                               calculated on the new validation
                                                                dataset (subset collected only with
                                                               the currently 510k cleared Tyto
                                                           Stethoscope) compared to the
                                                                    results for the original device
                                                                         • Specificity of the modified device
                                                               calculated on the new validation
                                                                dataset (subset collected only with
                                                               the currently 510k cleared Tyto
                                                           Stethoscope) compared to the
                                                                    results for the original device.

                                                      Secondary Endpoint
                                                                         • The Se, Sp, PPV and NPV of the
                                                    newly trained algorithm compared
                                                               the original device on validation
                                                                dataset combined from cases
                                                                collected using both new and
                                                             already cleared stethoscopes.

                                                        Success criteria:
                                                         Success is defined if the LCI for Se
                                                                             is higher than 0.500 AND LCI for
                                                Sp is higher than 0.9749. Se and Sp
                                                               are co-primary endpoints. Meeting
                                                         both endpoints is required for the
                                                            modification to be declared
                                                                 successfully. Se and Sp are coprimary endpoints (a total of four).
                                                         Success is defined as success of all
                                                             four co-primary endpoints.

                                                   Secondary Endpoint
                                                 The Se, Sp, PPV and NPV of the
                                                    newly trained algorithm compared
                                                               the original device on validation
                                                                dataset combined from cases
                                                                collected using both new and
                                                             already cleared stethoscopes.

Conclusion

Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection Software has the same intended use and indication for

use as the predicate. Non–inferiority of Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection compared to the

clinical readers for intended patient population was established through clinical validation

testing. Thus, we conclude that the Tyto Insights for Rhonchi Detection is substantially

equivalent. i.e. as safe and as effective as the predicate device.


                                                                                                        12