May 9, 2025

Pearl Inc.
℅ Ashley Brown
Official Correspondent
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K243230
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion® BLE
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 3, 2025
    Received: April 3, 2025


Dear Ashley Brown:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243230 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243230 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
               Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                               Assistant Director
                                            Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                             Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                           Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243230

Device Name
Second Opinion® BLE


Indications for Use (Describe)
Second Opinion® BLE is a radiological automated image processing software device intended to identify and display
bone level measurements in bitewing and periapical radiographs. It should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or
solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review bitewing and periapical radiographs of permanent teeth in
patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent and second reader.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243230


                     510(K) SUMMARY


1. Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: Ashley Brown Position: Director of Regulatory Affairs
Date Summary Prepared: May 9th, 2025
2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion® BLE

3. Common or Usual Name
Radiological Automated Image Processing System

4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:     Medical Image Management and Processing System
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2050, Class II
Product Code:         QIH (Radiological Automated Image Processing System)

5. Predicate Information
Predicate device: The primary proposed predicate device for clearance of Second
Opinion® BLE is Overjet Dental Assist by Overjet Inc., cleared in (K210187, May 19,
2021), a semi-automated software device classified as a Class II device pursuant to
21 CFR §892.2050 Medical image management and processing system under
product code LLZ.


Overjet Dental Assist is a radiological semi-automated image processing software
device intended to aid dental professionals in the measurements of mesial and distal
bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and periapical radiographs.


The Overjet Dental Assist device has the same technology  (AI software) and
intended use as automated image processing to aid dental professionals in the
measurement and visualization of bone levels associated with bitewing and periapical
radiographs.

A reference device for the clearance of Second Opinion ® BLE is Videa Perio Assist,
a radiological semi-automated image processing software device classified as a

K243230


 Class II device pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2050 Medical image management and
 processing system under product code QIH. The reference device was cleared under
 K223296 on February 6 2023. The reference device is to justify the device's safety
 and effectiveness by providing benchmarks for performance testing.

 The device is a radiological semi-automated image processing software device
 intended to aid dental professionals in the measurements and visualization of mesial
 and distal bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and periapical
 radiographs. Measurements are made available as linear distances or relative
 percentages.

 The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate as well as the reference
 device as the overall intended use and nature of the software remains the same. The
 difference with the subject device is the addition of the bone level measurement
 feature.

6.Device Description
Second Opinion BLE  is a  radiological automated image processing software device
intended  to  identify and display bone  level measurements  in bitewing and periapical
radiographs. It should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to
make or confirm a diagnosis.

It  is designed  to  aid  dental  health  professionals  to review  bitewing and  periapical
radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent and
second reader.

Second Opinion BLE consists of three parts:

    ●     Application Programing Interface (“API”)
    ●    Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
    ●     Client User Interface (UI) (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:

     1.   Images are sent for processing via the API
     2.   The API routes images to the ML modules
     3.   The ML modules produce detection output
     4.   The UI renders the detection output

The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user interface
and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine learning
modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by the machine
learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.
Second Opinion BLE uses machine learning to detect bone level measurements. Images
received by the ML modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as
metadata. The final output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the
UI for visualization. Detected bone level measurements are displayed as linear overlays

K243230


 atop the original radiograph which indicate to the practitioner which regions contain which
 detected potential conditions that may require clinical review. The clinician can toggle
 over the image to highlight a potential condition for viewing.

  7. Indications for Use
  Second Opinion® BLE is a radiological automated image processing software device
  intended to identify and display bone level measurements in bitewing and periapical
  radiographs. It should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to
 make or confirm a diagnosis.

   It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review bitewing and periapical
  radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a concurrent and
  second reader.

 8. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:


  The predicate device as well as the reference device and subject device are similar
  devices in the following ways:

     1) Intended use: All devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians in their
        review of bone level measurements in bitewing and periapical radiographs of
       permanent teeth.
     2) Technology characteristics: All devices employ computer vision and machine
         learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
        processing, and display bone level measurements within a user interface with a
         graphical overlay over radiographs.
     3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate devices are software systems,
         neither pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for
        both devices, subject and predicate, are potential inaccurate or misplaced
       bone lines/measurements which could  result  in a temporary non-serious
           injury. In the case of each device, users are not meant to rely solely on
         detection output for clinical decision-making.
     4)  Clinical Performance:  All devices have undergone  clinical studies which
        demonstrate statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance.


Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion BLE with the predicate / reference devices.

K243230


                                          Primary Predicate     Reference Device
                       Subject Device         Overjet Dental      Videa Perio Assist
                   Second Opinion®           Assist
                      BLE                                 K223296
                                           K210187


   Manufacturer             Pearl Inc.               Overjet, Inc.          VideaHealth, Inc.


   Classification           892.2050             892.2050             892.2050


  Product Code            QIH                LLZ                QIH


      Class                Class II                Class II                Class II


  Image Modality          Radiograph            Radiograph            Radiograph


   Intended Use        Dental automated       Dental automated       Dental automated
                      image processing      image processing      image processing
                       software device to aid   software device to aid   software device to aid
                                 in bone level              in bone level              in bone level
                    measurement dental    measurement dental    measurement dental
                       radiograph review by    radiograph review by    radiograph review by
                     HCP             HCP             HCP

      Full IFU          Second Opinion®      Overjet Dental Assist    Videa Perio Assist is
                  BLE is a radiological         is a radiological         a radiological
                      automated image       semi-automated        semi-automated
                       processing software     image processing      image processing
                        device intended to        software device         software device
                             identify and display    intended to aid dental   intended to aid dental
                        bone level          professionals in the      professionals in the
                     measurements in      measurements of     measurements and
                            bitewing and       mesial and distal bone   visualization of mesial
                                periapical          levels associated with   and distal bone levels
                       radiographs. It should     each tooth from      associated with each
                        not be used in lieu of        bitewing and         tooth from bitewing
                                  full patient evaluation          periapical           and periapical
                         or solely relied upon    radiographs. It should        radiographs.
                           to make or confirm a    not be used in lieu of    Measurements are
                              diagnosis.             full patient evaluation    made available as
                                                  or solely relied upon      linear distances or
                                         It is designed to aid      to make or confirm a     relative percentages.
                            dental health       diagnosis. The system      It should not be used
                           professionals to            is to be used by         in-lieu of full patient
                       review bitewing and     trained professionals     evaluation or solely
                         periapical radiographs      including, but not      relied upon to make or
                          of permanent teeth in    limited to, dentists and    confirm a diagnosis.
                          patients 12 years of      dental hygienists.     The system is to be
                     age or older as a                            used by trained
                          concurrent and                                   professionals
                       second reader.                                    including, but not
                                                                                limited to, dentists and
                                                                           dental hygienists.

Intended body part           Dental                 Dental                 Dental

K243230


   Technology           Utilizes computer         Utilizes computer         Utilizes computer
                              vision neural             vision neural        vision neural network
                            network          network algorithms,    algorithms, developed
                              algorithms,           developed from       from open-source
                        developed from          open-source          models using
                          open-source          models using       supervised machine
                        models using            supervised         learning techniques
                           supervised         machine learning
                      machine learning           techniques
                           techniques

Device Description    Detection & display of    Detection & display of    Detection & display
                              linear bone level          linear bone level        of linear bone level
                      measurements         measurements        measurements


9.Technological Comparison to Predicate and Reference Devices
 The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate as well as
 reference device is the automatic detection and display of bone level measurements using
 machine learning.

 The candidate and predicate / reference devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

       •  All are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
       •  All devices are designed to process digital intraoral bitewing and periapical
        radiographs.
       •  All devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for bone
         level measurement display.
       •  All devices display measurements within the user interface with a graphical
        overlay on the radiograph.
       •  All devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.
       •  All devices are considered to be of “moderate” level of software concern.
       •  All devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

 10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
 and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

  Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone clinical study. The
  results of the study showed the system is both safe and effective for its intended use.
 When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion BLE are weighed
  against one another, the weight of benefits significantly exceeds that of risks. This
  judgment can be made based on review of the submitted materials showing that Second
  Opinion BLE meets the design verification and validation requirements. It is thus
  concluded that Second Opinion BLE can be considered safe and effective such that the
  device will aid users in the indicated user population in their radiographic review of bone
  heights.

K243230


11.Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
applicable to this device.


12.Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed
Clinical evaluation of Second Opinion BLE was performed to clinically validate the inclusion
of a new bone level measurement tool in Second Opinion. The software modification is
intended to assist dentists with their manual comparison of radiographs over time by
providing automatic estimated bone level measurements in the bitewing and periapical
radiographs. The effectiveness of Second Opinion BLE was gauged  in a standalone
performance assessment  to  validate the  clinical usefulness of the added bone level
measurement tool in Second Opinion BLE in intraoral bitewing and periapical radiographs
of the permanent teeth of patients 12 years of age or older.

Clinical testing of the Second Opinion BLE software was performed utilizing retrospective
clinical subject data from 229 bitewing and 167 periapical radiographs from 396 subjects.
The demographics of the data set was as follows:


                       Subject Age            Count (%)

                               <30               63 (15.9)

                                30-<40              54 (13.6)

                                40-<50              79 (19.9)

                                50-<60              71 (17.9)

                                60-<70              73 (18.4)

                               70+               56 (14.1)


                   Gender                Count (%)

                   Female                    160 (40.4)

                    Male                      190 (48.0)

                     Other                      44 (11.1)

K243230


                  Unknown                   2 (0.5)


No information about ethnicity was available from the dental radiographs

Second Opinion BLE utilized three US licensed dentists to label interproximal bone levels.
The three readers provided measurements per CEJ-bonecrest, measurement differences
that were clinically significant required an adjudication. These divergent measurements
were then adjudicated by two U.S. Dental Radiologists.


Second Opinion BLE demonstrated an 87% (95% CI: 85%, 89%) precision value and 87%
(95% CI: 85%, 89%) recall value for measurement of interproximal bone levels in periapical
images and a 87% (95% CI: 86%, 88%) precision and 91% (95% CI: 90%, 92%) recall in
bitewing images.Second Opinion BLE met the prespecified acceptance criteria of > 82% for
both precision & recall for bitewing and periapical images.


 Metric                       Bitewing                      Periapical

 Precision              87%                 87%

 Recall                91%                 87%


The mean interproximal bone level measurement of GT Second Opinion BLE and the
mean absolute difference in millimeters (mm) by image type and overall are shown in the
table below. The modeled mean absolute difference (95% CI) was 0.45 mm (0.37, 0.52)
and 0.86 mm (0.83, 0.89) in periapical and bitewing images respectively. Second Opinion
BLE met the pre-specified acceptance criteria of mean absolute difference < 1.5 mm in
both bitewing and periapical images. In addition, the mean absolute difference remained
statistically significant after the multiple comparisons adjustment as shown by all p-values <
0.05.

Based on the performance data and the application of general controls and special controls
established for this device as published in the subject labeling, use of this device is unlikely
to increase the rate of false negative or false positive diagnosis of dental pathologies as
compared with the current clinical standard of practice. Further, possible misuse of the
device does not present additional risks compared with the misuse of other types of
radiological image processing devices.

K243230


13.Conclusions
Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion BLE and its primary
predicate device, Overjet Dental Assist, are deemed to have similar intended uses as
devices which aid in the detection & review of bone heights in dental radiographs.
Second Opinion BLE’s clinical trial results demonstrate that the device effectively
performs as well as the primary predicate device.
Second Opinion BLE raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended
use and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.