Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
Hyeyi Park
Director
12, Donggyo-ro 19-gil, Mapo-gu
Seoul, 04001
South Korea
                                                                    February 14, 2025
Re: K243696
    Trade/Device Name: Aview CAC
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, JAK
    Dated: February 12, 2025
    Received: February 12, 2025

Dear Hyeyi Park:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243696 - Hyeyi Park                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K243696 - Hyeyi Park                                                                Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K243696                                                           I
Device Name
 I AVIEW CAC

Indications for Use (Describe)
 AVIEW CAC provides quantitative analysis of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries using noncontrast/non-gated Chest CT scans.  It enables the calculation of the Agatston score for coronary
 artery calcification, segmenting and evaluating the right coronary artery and left coronary artery. Also
 provide risk stratification based on calcium score, gender, and age, offering percentile-based risk
 categories by established guidelines. Designed for healthcare professionals, including radiologists
 and cardiologists, AVIEW CAC supports storing, transferring, inquiring, and displaying CT data sets
 on-premises, facilitating access through mobile devices and Chrome browsers. AVIEW CAC
 analyzes existing non-contrast/non-gated Chest CT studies that include the heart of adult patients
 above the age of 40. Also, the device's use should be limited to CT scans acquired on General
 Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (e.g., GE Healthcare) equipment. Use of the device with CT scans
 from other manufacturers has not been validated or recommended.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) #:  K243696                                                      Prepared on: 2025-02-15                       510(k) Summary
I Contact Details                                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
 Applicant Name                 Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.

                                    12, Donggyo-ro 19-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 04001, Republic of Korea Seoul Applicant Address                                Korea, South

 Applicant Contact Telephone   +82-2-571-7321

 Applicant Contact             Ms. Hyeyi Park

 Applicant Contact Email        Hyeyi.park@corelinesoft.com
 Device Name                                                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name                  I AVIEW CAC

 Common Name                Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Regulation Number           1892.2050

 Product Code(s)               QIH, JAK
                   Predicate Devices                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)ILegally Marketed
 Predicate              Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code
 I K233211                      I AVIEW CAC                                                                                      I QIH
IDevice Description Summary                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 The AVIEW CAC is a software product that can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the interface from various storage devices
  using DICOM 3.0, the digital image and communication standard in medicine. It also offers functions such as reading, manipulation,
 analyzing, post-processing, saving, and sending images by using software tools. And is intended for use as a quantitative analysis of CT
  scanning. It also provides a calcium score by automatically analyzing coronary arteries from the segmented arteries.
 Intended Use/Indications for Use                                 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)LAVIEW CAC provides quantitative analysis of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries using non-contrast/non-gated Chest CT scans. It
 enables the calculation of the Agatston score for coronary artery calcification, segmenting and evaluating the right coronary artery and
  left coronary artery. Also provide risk stratification based on calcium score, gender, and age, offering percentile-based risk categories by
 established guidelines. Designed for healthcare professionals, including radiologists and cardiologists, AVIEW CAC supports storing,
  transferring, inquiring, and displaying CT data sets on-premises, facilitating access through mobile devices and Chrome browsers. AVIEW
 CAC analyzes existing non-contrast/non-gated Chest CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the age of 40. Also, the
 device's use should be limited to CT scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (e.g., GE Healthcare) equipment Use of the
 device with CT scans from other manufacturers has not been validated or recommended.
 Indications for Use Comparison                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)I
 AVIEW CAC has the same purpose and operating principle and has similar functions to the predicates device. Although there may be
 some differences in functions, menus and UI these differences between the prior device and the proposed device are not significant
 because they do not cause new or potential safety risks to users or patients and do not raise questions about safety or effectiveness. The
  results of the software verification and validation tests concluded that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicates

device.
 Technological Comparison                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

 AVIEW CAC with software version 2.0 provides the same technological characteristics in terms of materials, energy source, and control
 mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate device.

 The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced device functionality.

 The intended use, indications for use, and algorithms for the subject device remains unchanged from the predicate device. No main
 functions present from the predicate device have been de-scoped.

 The following differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.

  * Change the installation, execution files icon
  * Change the login page UI
  * Change the worklist page UI
 *Add a summary page
  * Change the CAC page UI
  * Add a minimum system requirements
  * Add the function to calculate arterial age based on Agatston score
 Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)I
 This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release. Additionally, there was no
  clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is equivalent to the predicate device. The substantial
 equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing.

 The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general functions, application,
 and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate
 that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it is our opinion that the AVIEW CAC described in this submission is substantially
 equivalent to the predicate device.