January 23, 2025

TeraRecon, Inc.
Michael Sosebee
Director, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
4309 Emperor Boulevard, Suite 310
Durham, North Carolina 27703


Re: K243158
    Trade/Device Name: TeraRecon Aorta.CT (1.1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 30, 2024
    Received: January 7, 2025

Dear Michael Sosebee:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243158 - Michael Sosebee                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K243158 - Michael Sosebee                                                            Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                             for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K243158                                                           I
Device Name
 TeraRecon Aorta.CT (1.1.0)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 TeraRecon Aorta.CT  is intended to provide an automatic 3D segmentation and label anatomical
 landmarks of the Aorta. The results of TeraRecon Aorta.CT are intended to be used in conjunction
 with other patient information by trained professionals who are responsible for making any patient
 management decision per the standard of care. TeraRecon Aorta.CT is a software as a medical
 device (SaMD) deployed as a containerized application. The device inputs are CT Angiography with
 contrast DICOM images. The device outputs are DICOM result files which may be viewed utilizing
 DICOM-compliant systems. The device does not alter the original input data and does not provide a
 diagnosis.

 TeraRecon Aorta.CT  is indicated to generate results from aortic CT Angiography scans taken of
 adult patients except patients with pre-existing aortic device, bicuspid aortic valve anomaly, aortic
 dissection, aortic rupture, and abdominal metallic devices. The device is not specific to any gender,
 ethnic group, or clinical condition.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

4309 Emperor Boulevard, Suite 310 | Durham, NC 27703

                                                              Tel 650.372.1100 Fax 650.372.1101
                                                  www.terarecon.com | info@terarecon.com


TeraRecon Aorta.CT 1.1.0 510(k) Summary           K243158
510(k) Number:             K243158
Prepared on:                23Jan2025


Contact Details

Applicant Name:              TeraRecon, Inc.
Applicant Address:           4309 Emperor Boulevard, Suite 310 Durham NC 27703 United States
Applicant Contact Telephone:  +1 984-275-1090
Applicant Contact:             Mr. Michael Sosebee
Applicant Contact Email       msosebee@concertai.com


Device Name

Device Trade Name:          TeraRecon Aorta.CT (1.1.0)
Common Name:              Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number:           892.2050
Product Code(s):            QIH


Legally Marketed Predicated Device

Predicate #:                K220039
Predicate Trade Name:       AutoSeg-H
Product Code:              LLZ


Device Description Summary

The TeraRecon Aorta.CT algorithm is an image processing software device that can be deployed as a
containerized application (e.g., Docker container) that runs on off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud
platform.

The device provides an automatic 3D segmentation of the aorta and landmarks of important aortic
anatomy. When TeraRecon Aorta.CT results are used in external viewer devices such as TeraRecon’s
Intuition or Eureka Clinical AI medical devices, all the standard features offered by the external viewer are
employed.

The TeraRecon Aorta.CT algorithm is not intended to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical
practitioner and should only be used by individuals that have been trained in the software’s function,
capabilities, and limitations.

Intended Use/Indications for Use

TeraRecon Aorta.CT is intended to provide an automatic 3D segmentation and label anatomical
landmarks of the Aorta. The results of TeraRecon Aorta.CT are intended to be used in conjunction with
other patient information by trained professionals who are responsible for making any patient
management decision per the standard of care. TeraRecon Aorta.CT is a software as a medical device
(SaMD) deployed as a containerized application. The device inputs are CT Angiography with contrast
DICOM images. The device outputs are DICOM result files which may be viewed utilizing DICOMcompliant systems. The device does not alter the original input data and does not provide a diagnosis.

TeraRecon Aorta.CT is indicated to generate results from aortic CT Angiography scans taken of adult
patients except patients with pre-existing aortic device, bicuspid aortic valve anomaly, aortic dissection,
aortic rupture, and abdominal metallic devices. The device is not specific to any gender, ethnic group, or
clinical condition.


Indications for Use Comparison

Indications for Use (Subject Device) - TeraRecon Aorta.CT
TeraRecon Aorta.CT is intended to provide an automatic 3D segmentation and label anatomical
landmarks of the Aorta. The results of TeraRecon Aorta.CT are intended to be used in conjunction with
other patient information by trained professionals who are responsible for making any patient
management decision per the standard of care. TeraRecon Aorta.CT is a software as a medical device
(SaMD) deployed as a containerized application. The device inputs are CT Angiography with contrast
DICOM images. The device outputs are DICOM result files which may be viewed utilizing DICOMcompliant systems. The device does not alter the original input data and does not provide a diagnosis.

TeraRecon Aorta.CT is indicated to generate results from aortic CT Angiography scans taken of adult
patients except patients with pre-existing aortic device, bicuspid aortic valve anomaly, aortic dissection,
aortic rupture, and abdominal metallic devices. The device is not specific to any gender, ethnic group, or
clinical condition.

Indications for Use (Predicate Device) – AugoSeg-H, K220039
AutoSeg-H is medical imaging software that is intended to provide trained medical professionals with
tools to aid them in reading, interpreting, reporting, and treatment planning. AutoSeg-H accepts DICOM
compliant medical images acquired from imaging device (Computed Tomography).

AutoSeg-H provides the tools for specific analysis applications which provide custom UI, targeted
measurements and reporting functions including:
- Coronary Artery Analysis for CT coronary arteriography images: which is intended for the qualitative and
quantitative analysis of coronary arteries.
- Valve Analysis: which is intended for automatic extraction of the heart and aorta regions, automatic
detection of the contour of the aorta and valves, measurement of the vicinity of the valves.
- 4-Chamber Analysis: which is intended for automatic extraction of the left atrium, left ventricle, right
atrium, and right ventricle from CT.

Comparison of the Indications for Use:
The differences in the two indications for use statement do not raise different safety and effectiveness
questions because the differences are summarized as additional functionality that is offered by the
predicate device in comparison to the subject device. The similarities in the two indications for use
statements show that the same modality, Computed Tomography DICOM images and automated
segmentation of the aorta are employed to provide similar device output.


                                  2

Technological Comparison

                    Subject Device              Predicate Device
               TeraRecon Aorta.CT            AutoSeg-H                      Comparison
                   K243158                 K220039
Indications   TeraRecon Aorta.CT is      AutoSeg-H is medical         Differences:
for Use       intended to provide an        imaging software that is      The subject device does not include
              automatic 3D segmentation   intended to provide trained     functionality to provide professionals with
            and label anatomical         medical professionals with     tools to read, interpret, report or treatment
             landmarks of the Aorta. The   tools to aid them in reading,   plan.
                results of TeraRecon           interpreting, reporting, and
                                                              The predicate device provides analysis tools             Aorta.CT are intended to be   treatment planning.
                                                                                            for coronary artery analysis and 4-chamber            used in conjunction with      AutoSeg-H accepts DICOM
                                                                               analysis that the subject device does not               other patient information by   compliant medical images
                                                                                 provide.
               trained professionals who     acquired from imaging
              are responsible for making    device (Computed                                                              The predicate device provides measurements
            any patient management     Tomography).                                                                                      of the vicinity of the cardiac valves which the
              decision per the standard of                                                                               subject device does not provide.
               care. TeraRecon Aorta.CT    AutoSeg-H provides the
                  is a software as a medical     tools for specific analysis     The subject device includes landmarks of the
              device (SaMD) deployed as   applications which provide     aorta that the predicate device does not.
            a containerized application.   custom UI, targeted
            The device inputs are CT     measurements and         The subject device indicates that it is not for
             Angiography with contrast     reporting functions           use on images of adult patients with preDICOM images. The device   including:                        existing aortic device, bicuspid aortic valve
              outputs are DICOM result       - Coronary Artery Analysis    anomaly, aortic dissection, aortic rupture, and
                   files which may be viewed     for CT coronary              abdominal metallic devices. The predicate
                  utilizing DICOM-compliant     arteriography images: which   device does not mention similar non use
             systems. The device does      is intended for the             scenarios.
              not alter the original input      qualitative and quantitative
                                                                                  Similarities:              data and does not provide a   analysis of coronary
                                                              The subject and predicate devices are both               diagnosis.                       arteries.
                                                                                 indicated for use with Computed Tomography                                                             - Valve Analysis: which is
                                                                        (CT) DICOM images.
            TeraRecon Aorta.CT is       intended for automatic
               indicated to generate results   extraction of the heart and                                                              The subject and predicate devices are both
             from aortic CT Angiography   aorta regions, automatic                                                                                 indicated for use on images of adult patients.
             scans taken of adult           detection of the contour of
               patients except patients with  the aorta and valves,        The subject and predicate devices both
               pre-existing aortic device,    measurement of the vicinity   provide segmentation results.
              bicuspid aortic valve           of the valves.
             anomaly, aortic dissection,      - 4-Chamber Analysis:       Summary:
                aortic rupture, and           which is intended for        The noted differences do not render the
             abdominal metallic devices.   automatic extraction of the     subject device NSE because the identified
            The device is not specific to    left atrium, left ventricle,       differences do not raise different safety and
            any gender, ethnic group, or   right atrium, and right          effectiveness questions. The similarities show
                  clinical condition.               ventricle from CT.               that similar device output is provided based
                                                                on the same technology utilized in the
                                                                              devices.
Modality     Computed Tomography      Computed Tomography     Same
             (CT)                       (CT)
Algorithm     Supervised deep learning-   Deep learning-based       Same
Technology   based algorithms             algorithms


                                       3

Subject Device              Predicate Device
               TeraRecon Aorta.CT            AutoSeg-H                      Comparison
                   K243158                 K220039
Device     DICOM Seg and DICOM      Results in form of 2D         Differences:
Outputs     CoF                       Images, 3D Images,        The predicate device outputs measurement
                                             Information and Results       results that are not available in the subject
                                                                           device.

                                                                              Similarities:
                                                                  Both the subject and predicate devices
                                                                         output results following the DICOM
                                                                         standard.

                                                        Summary:
                                                           The noted differences do not render the
                                                                           subject device NSE because the identified
                                                                            differences do not raise different safety and
                                                                            effectiveness questions. The similarities
                                                          show that similar device output is provided
                                                              based on the same technology utilized in
                                                                         the devices.
Installation    Application installed on a      Application installed on a    Same
Methods     computer                  computer


       Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

      The TeraRecon Aorta.CT device underwent a retrospective cohort study where ground truth was
        established and compared to the output of the device as described below:

       At least 50% of the ground truth data is of US patients from 3 geographical regions in the United States.
      Each ground truth scan will also pass through the subject device. 170 adult patients are included in the
        cohort meeting the following inclusion/exclusion criteria: Patients must be 18 or older, must have had a
     CT Angiography scan for cardiac or CT Angiographic scan for abdomen or for both covering cardiac and
       abdominal aorta, and the validation data should be enriched with data from patients with clinical diagnosis
        of aortic dilation/aneurysm and/or aortic valve disease.

      The following results will be compared between the ground truth and device results, Lumen
       Segmentation: Comparison of Aorta lumen segmentation results from the medical device to aorta lumen
       segmentation from ground truth. Aorta wall segmentation: The test will compare the results from ground
         truth to medical device output representing for aorta wall to wall segmentation. This aorta wall to wall
       segmentation includes aorta lumen + wall for the comparison. The lumen and aorta wall (including lumen)
       segmentations are important for extracting measurements that can be used by the clinicians for
       procedure planning. Landmarking results: The 22 anatomical landmarks for aorta will be compared from
        the device output to the ground truth.

       For each CTA scan we will record aortic lumen segmentation DICE score and aorta segmentation DICE
       score for the subject device vs each of the ground truths. Our acceptance criteria for lumen and aorta
       segmentation accuracy are for average DICE score >= 80%.

       For each CTA scan, we will also examine the subject device landmarking locations compared to each
       ground truth annotation. The Common Left and Right Iliac Arteries, Left and Right Femoral Arteries (4
       landmarks) will be evaluated by whether or not the subject device correctly identified the vessel in
       accordance with ground truth. In a typical clinical workflow, these landmarks need only identify any point


                                 4

in the center of the vessel, thus the identification of the overall anatomic location is of greatest
importance, rather than exact location.

The remaining landmarks except for the aortic bifurcation (17 landmarks) will be assessed using
Euclidean distance between ground truth annotation and medical device output locations. We will
determine whether the Euclidean distance is within 5mm.

Finally, for the aortic bifurcation (1 landmark), the exact location is not clearly defined, and a general area
is sufficient in typical clinical practice. We will determine whether the Euclidean distance is within 2cm
compared to ground truth.

Our acceptance criteria for the landmarks are whether each of the 22 landmarks independently pass the
class-specific criteria in 80% of the cases. To provide evidence of precision, we will assess whether the
lower bound of the 95% exact binomial confidence interval (binom.confint from the R power library) is
greater than or equal to 70% (~ acceptance level - 10%). A sample size of 100 CTA scans was chosen
since during power simulations of 10,000 simulated runs, an actual case-wise pass rate of 90% resulted
in power of 81% to pass all 24 tests after accounting for 30% loss of cases due to some landmarks being
outside of field of view. Power calculation code displayed in appendix.

Following execution of the study, it was determined that the TeraRecon Aorta.CT device passed the
acceptance criteria established in the study based on the following results:

For testing the lumen and aorta segmentation, we selected 170 studies which matched the inclusion
exclusion criteria. The final manufacturer distribution was 77 Siemens, 33 GE, 35 Philips, and 25 Canon.
All collected datasets were checked and were found acceptable to use by a US board certified radiologist,
who is currently practicing in the United States and reads similar scans.

Our acceptance criteria for lumen and segmentation is to confirm a mean DICE score of >=80%. The
lumen segmentation results passed with a mean DICE score of 88%. The aorta segmentation results
passed with a mean DICE score of 90%.

For testing the aorta landmarking, we selected 170 studies which matched the inclusion exclusion criteria,
but we found that the number of landmarks outside the field of view was higher than expected: 40-45%
actual vs 30% expected. The annotators were unable to provide annotations for these images, and we
had a range of between 55-60 annotatable landmarks per landmark target. Additionally, sections of many
images contained image artifacts which made annotation impossible. These artifacts included motion
artifacts, occluded vessels, and lack of contrast in the aortic arch and heart. We increased the number of
studies to achieve our target of 70 annotatable landmarks, according to our power calculations. We
added 29 additional studies to the initial total. After adding 29 supplemental studies, we averaged 73
annotatable landmarks per landmark target with a minimum of 63. Thus, we stopped increasing the
sample size.

Our acceptance is to assess whether each of the 22 landmarks independently pass evaluation in 80% of
the cases. To provide evidence of precision we assess whether the lower bound of the 95% exact
binomial confidence interval (binom.confint from the R power library) is greater than or equal to 70% (~
acceptance level - 10%). All landmarks passed the acceptance criteria, all 95% confidence intervals were
at least 70%.

The test results support the conclusion that the TeraRecon Aorta.CT device is as safe, as effective and
performs as well as the predicate device cleared under K220039.


                                  5