iSchemaView, Inc.
Patricia Setti-Laperch
Sr. Directory of Regulatory Affairs
1120 Washington Ave.
Ste 200 Rm 108
Golden, Colorado 80401
                                                                   January 22, 2025

Re: K243350
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid Neuro3D
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: December 17, 2024
    Received: December 17, 2024

Dear Patricia Setti-Laperch:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243350 - Patricia Setti-Laperch                                                        Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K243350 - Patricia Setti-Laperch                                                        Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K243350
Device Name
Rapid Neuro3D
Indications for Use (Describe)
Rapid Neuro3D (RN3D) is an image analysis software for imaging datasets acquired with
conventional CT Angiography (CTA) from the aortic arch to the vertex of the head. The module
removes bone, tissue, and venous vessels, providing a 3D and 2D visualization of the
neurovasculature supplying arterial blood to the brain.
Outputs of the device include 3D rotational maximum intensity projections (MIPS), volume renders
(VR), along with the curved planar reformation (CPR) of the isolated left and right internal carotid
and vertebral arteries.
Rapid Neuro3D is designed to support the physician in confirming the presence or absence of
physician-identified lesions and evaluation, documentation, and follow-up of any such lesion and
treatment planning.
Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment.
RN3D is indicated for adults.
Precautions/Exclusions:
o Series containing excessive patient motion or metal implants may impact module output quality.
o The RN3D module will not process series that meet the following module exclusion criteria:
* Series containing inadequate contrast agent (<0.3 mL of right-hemisphere intracranial arterial
contrast media or <0.3 mL of left-hemisphere intracranial arterial contrast media, above 120 HU)
* Series acquired w/cone-beam CT scanners (c-arm CT)
* Series that are non-axial
* Series with a non-supine patient position
* Series containing missing or improperly ordered slices (e.g., as a result of manual correction by
an imaging technician)
* CTA datasets with:
1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm or > 400mm.
2) Z FOV (cranio-caudal transverse anatomical coverage) < 90 mm.
3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y resolution) < 0.2 mm or > 1.0 mm.
4) Z slice spacing of < 0.2 mm or > 1.25 mm.
5) slice thickness > 1.5mm.
6) data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 70kVp or > 150kVp.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D                                      K243350
510(k) Summary
                                   510(k) Summary
                       iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid Neuro3D


This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid Neuro3D. The content
of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).


Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington Ave
                                      Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:             Patricia Setti-LaPerch
                                 Phone: 650-388-9767
                                   Email: settilaperch@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:      October 25, 2024

Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:        Rapid Neuro3D
     Common Name:     Automated Radiological Image Processing
                            Software
        Classification:          II
       Product Code:     QIH
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:

Predicate Devices:
iSchemaView’s Rapid Neuro3D is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate device: Rapid (K233582).

Device Description:
Rapid Neuro 3D (RN3D) is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) image processing module
and is part of the Rapid Platform.  It allows for visualization of arterial vessels of the head and
neck and identifies and segments arteries of interest in patient CTA exams.

The Rapid Platform provides common functions and services to support image processing
modules such as DICOM filtering and job and interface management. The Rapid Platform can
be installed on-premises within customer’s infrastructure behind their firewall or in a hybrid onPage 1 of 7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D
510(k) Summary
premises/cloud configuration. The software can be installed on dedicated hardware or a virtual
machine. The Rapid Platform accepts DICOM images and, upon processing, returns the
processed DICOM images to the source imaging modality or PACS.

The RN3D image processing module is based on pre-trained artificial intelligence / machinelearning models and facilitates a 3D visualization of the neurovasculature supplying arterial
blood to the brain. The module analyzes input CTA images in DICOM format and provides a
corresponding DICOM series output that can be used by a DICOM viewer, clinical workstations,
and PACS systems.

Intended Use/Indications for Use Statement:

Rapid Neuro3D (RN3D) is an image analysis software for imaging datasets acquired with
conventional CT Angiography (CTA) from the aortic arch to the vertex of the head. The module
removes bone, tissue, and venous vessels, providing a 3D and 2D visualization of the
neurovasculature supplying arterial blood to the brain.
Outputs of the device include 3D rotational maximum intensity projections (MIPS), volume
renders (VR), along with the curved planar reformation (CPR) of the isolated left and right
internal carotid and vertebral arteries.
Rapid Neuro3D is designed to support the physician in confirming the presence or absence of
physician-identified lesions and evaluation, documentation, and follow-up of any such lesion and
treatment planning.
Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment.
RN3D is indicated for adults.


Precautions/Exclusions:
o  Series containing excessive patient motion or metal implants may impact module output
    quality.
o  The RN3D module will not process series that meet the following module exclusion criteria:
       •   Series containing inadequate contrast agent (<0.3 mL of right-hemisphere intracranial
             arterial contrast media or <0.3 mL of left-hemisphere intracranial arterial contrast
          media, above 120 HU)
       •   Series acquired w/cone-beam CT scanners (c-arm CT)
       •   Series that are non-axial
       •   Series with a non-supine patient position
       •   Series containing missing or improperly ordered slices (e.g., as a result of manual
           correction by an imaging technician)
       •  CTA datasets with:
                  1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm or > 400mm.


                                           Page 2 of 7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D
510(k) Summary
                  2) Z FOV (cranio-caudal transverse anatomical coverage) < 90 mm.
                  3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y resolution) < 0.2 mm or > 1.0 mm.
                  4) Z slice spacing of < 0.2 mm or > 1.25 mm.
                  5) slice thickness > 1.5mm.
                  6) data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 70kVp or > 150kVp.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:
Rapid Neuro3D’s predicate device is Rapid (K233582), under regulation 21 CFR §892.2050.
Both are SaMD and share the same intended use as Automated Radiological Image Processing
Software utilized when reviewing neurological images. Rapid Neuro3D is substantially
equivalent to the previously cleared Rapid (K233582) device and contains analogous CTA
software outputs (e.g. 2D/3D vessel visualization and MIPS) facilitated by the automated
segmentation and removal of obstructive bones and/or vessels.
Rapid Neuro3D has the same intended use and similar indications, technological characteristics,
and principles of operation as its predicate. Rapid Neuro3D raises no new issues of safety or
effectiveness when compared with Rapid (K233582). Verification and validation testing
confirms the software reliably processes and supports analysis of CTA medical images for
visualization of the neurovasculature supplying arterial blood to the brain. Thus, Rapid Neuro3D
software is substantially equivalent.


 Product Name  Rapid Neuro3D (Subject Device)          Rapid (including Rapid CTA) (K233582)
 Regula'on     21 CFR 892.2050; Medical image         21 CFR 892.2050; Medical image
              management and processing system      management and processing system
 Product Code   QIH                                          LLZ, QIH
 Intended       Rapid Neuro3D (RN3D) is an image        Rapid is an image processing soOware
 Use/             analysis soOware for imaging datasets     package to be used by trained professionals,
 Indica'ons for   acquired with conven'onal CT              including but not limited to physicians
 Use            Angiography (CTA) from the aor'c arch to  (medical analysis and decision making) and
 Statement      the vertex of the head). The module       medical technicians (administra've case
               removes bone, 'ssue, and venous          processing). The soOware runs on a standard
                    vessels, providing a 3D and 2D               off-the-shelf computer or a virtual pla`orm,
                  visualiza'on of the neurovasculature      such as VMware, and can be used to perform
                  supplying arterial blood to the brain.      image viewing, processing, and analysis of
                                                         images. Data and images are acquired                Outputs of the device include 3D
                                                       through DICOM compliant imaging devices.                 rota'onal maximum intensity projec'ons
                                                       Rapid is indicated for Adults only.                  (MIPS), volume renders (VR), along with
                 the curved planar reforma'on (CPR) of                                                       Rapid provides both viewing and analysis
                 the isolated leO and right internal caro'd                                                             capabili'es for func'onal and dynamic
               and vertebral arteries.                                                        imaging datasets acquired with CT, CT
                Rapid Neuro3D is designed to support      Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), C-arm
                 the physician in confirming the presence   CT Perfusion and MRI including a Diffusion


                                           Page 3 of 7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D
510(k) Summary
 Product Name  Rapid Neuro3D (Subject Device)          Rapid (including Rapid CTA) (K233582)
                 or absence of physician-iden'fied lesions  Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic
               and evalua'on, documenta'on, and        Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced
                  follow-up of any such lesion and           imaging data for MRI, CT, and C-arm CT).
                treatment planning.
                                                       Rapid C-arm CT Perfusion can be used to                       Its results are not intended to be used on
                                                              qualita'vely assess cerebral hemodynamics in                a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionthe angiography suite.               making or otherwise preclude clinical
                                                  The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing                 assessment.
                                                          areas of hypodense and hyperdense 'ssue.
             RN3D is indicated for adults.
                                                  The DWI Module is used to visualize local                 Precau'ons/Exclusions:
                                                      water
          o   Series containing excessive pa'ent          diffusion proper'es from the analysis of
             mo'on or metal implants may impact       diffusion -weighted MRI data.
               module output quality.
                                                  The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for
               The RN3D module will not process series   visualiza'on and analysis of dynamic imaging
                  that meet the following module exclusion   data, showing proper'es of changes in
                      criteria:                                    contrast over 'me. This func'onality includes
               •   Series containing inadequate contrast  calcula'on of parameters related to 'ssue
                    agent (<0.3 mL of right-hemisphere    flow (perfusion) and 'ssue blood volume.
                        intracranial arterial contrast media or
                     <0.3 mL of leO-hemisphere            Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MR Perfusion
                        intracranial arterial contrast media,    can be used by physicians to aid in the
                   above 120 HU)                      selec'on of acute stroke pa'ents (with
               •   Series acquired w/cone-beam CT     known occlusion of the intracranial internal
                     scanners (c-arm CT)                 caro'd artery or proximal middle cerebral
               •   Series that are non-axial                 artery).
               •   Series with a non-supine pa'ent
                    posi'on                              Instruc'ons for the use of contrast agents for
               •   Series containing missing or             this indica'on can be found in Appendix A of
                     improperly ordered slices (e.g., as a    the User’s Manual. Addi'onal informa'on for
                        result of manual correc'on by an       safe and effec've drug use is available in the
                    imaging technician)                     product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-
               •  CTA datasets with:                  based MR contrast drug labeling.
                       1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm or    In addi'on to the Rapid imaging criteria,
                  > 400mm.                          pa'ents must meet the clinical requirements
                       2) Z FOV (cranio-caudal transverse      for thrombectomy, as assessed by the
                     anatomical coverage) < 90 mm.         physician, and have none of the following
                       3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y         contraindica'ons or exclusions:
                     resolu'on) < 0.2 mm or > 1.0 mm.
                       4) Z slice spacing of < 0.2 mm or >     • Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
                     1.25 mm.
                       5) slice thickness > 1.5mm.           • Pa'ent Mo'on: excessive mo'on leading to
                       6) data acquired at x-ray tube voltage   ar'facts that make the scan technically
                  < 70kVp or > 150kVp.                 inadequate.


                                           Page 4 of 7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D
510(k) Summary
 Product Name  Rapid Neuro3D (Subject Device)          Rapid (including Rapid CTA) (K233582)

                                                   • Presence of hemorrhage.
                                                   • C-Arm CTP is not used in the Rapid
                                                 Thrombectomy
                                                         indica'on for pa'ent selec'on criteria, other
                                                      modali'es should be consulted.


                                                Cau'on
                                               CBV and CBT are not absolute and CBT, CBV,
                                         MTT and Tmax are supported for qualita've
                                                          interpreta'on of the perfusion maps only.
 Intended         Radiologists, neurovascular and          Medical imaging professionals who analyze
 Users            neurosurgical specialists, such as         'ssue using CT or MRI images
                   vascular neurosurgeons, neurointerven'onal specialists, ED physicians,
                  or users with similar training.
                                      Technological CharacterisDcs
 Func'onality   SoOware package (SaMD) which         SoOware package (SaMD) which interfaces to
                   interfaces to a PACS/Viewer or allows      a PACS/Viewer or allows viewing within the
                 viewing within the applica'on.             applica'on.
 Computer       Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-      Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: OnPla`orm        Premises or Cloud Hybrid                 Premises or Cloud
                                                        Hybrid
 Technical       AI/ML                               Mixed - Tradi'onal Coding and AI/ML
 Implementatio
 n
 Input DICOM    CTA                                         CT, CTP, CTA, C-arm CT, MRI, NCCT
 Imaging
 Modality
 Imaging Type    Neurological (aor'c arch to the vertex      Neurological
                  of the head)
 SoOware       • 2D/3D vessel visualiza'on (Thins, MIPS,  • Digital image processing, visualiza'on, and
 Outputs        VR, CPR)                                    analysis tools (various detailed in IFU above,
               • Automated segmenta'on and removal    including 'ssue flow (perfusion), 'ssue blood
                  of obstruc've bones and/or vessels        volume, etc.)

                                                                    Specifically for Rapid CTA:

                                                   • 2D/3D vessel visualiza'on (MIPS, colored
                                                            overlay indica'ng reduc'on of vessel density)
                                                   • Automated segmenta'on and removal of
                                                        obstruc've bones and/or vessels


                                           Page 5 of 7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D
510(k) Summary
Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   ISO 14971:2019        Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   IEC 62304:2015       Medical Device software – Software lifecycle processes
   IEC 62366-1:2015      Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
    +A1:2020

   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
   ISO 15223-1:2021     Symbols to be Used with Information to be Supplied by the Manufacturer

Rapid has been designed to meet the cybersecurity requirements using design Vulnerability
Assessments, SBOM’s, and PEN Testing.

Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.

iSchemaView conducted performance validation testing and software verification and validation
testing of the Rapid Neuro3D device. Software performance testing demonstrated that the device
met all design requirements and specifications. Final device validation included standalone
performance validation (segmentation quality and segmentation accuracy).

All major CT scanner manufacturers (incl. Siemens, GE, Toshiba/Canon, and Philips) were
represented in the data. Patient demographics included representative age/gender distribution
and incorporated data to assess the influence of potential confounders (abnormalities/anomalies/
anatomical variants) on performance. The test dataset was independent from the data used during
model training per internal data quality control processes.
The segmentation quality study used 120 CTA cases (104 US, 16 OUS) from 115 patients (65
female; 50 male; aged from 27 to 90+) to compare the Rapid Neuro3D segmentation outputs
against source DICOM images. All four output image types were evaluated: 3D rotational
maximum intensity projection (MIP) images, 3D volume rendering (VR) images, a source seriesequivalent (SSE) with all tissue/bone/vein removed, and 2D curved planar reformation (CPR)
images. MIP, VR, and SSE images were assessed for a total of 1,920 segments; CPR images
included 480 segments.
The primary endpoint, clinical accuracy, as determined by the consensus of up to three clinical
experts against the source DICOM images, passed for all RN3D outputs with 99.8% agreement
for MIP images, 98.6% agreement for VR images, 100.0% agreement for SSE images, and
100.0% agreement for CPR.
The secondary endpoint, labeling, passed with 100% of the anatomical labels applied found to be
accurate for the vessels visualized.


                                           Page 6 of 7

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Neuro3D
510(k) Summary
The segmentation accuracy study used 50 CTA cases (43 US, 7 OUS) from 48 patients (24
female; 24 male; aged from 27 to 90+) to quantitatively assess the Rapid Neuro3D segmentation
outputs against ground truth.
The assessment for 3D visualizations was divided by anatomical region: extracranial and
intracranial. For the extracranial region, the primary endpoint, segmentation accuracy, was met
with an average Dice Coefficient of 0.89 and an average Hausdorff Distance of 0.44 mm
between the module and ground truth. For the intracranial region, the primary endpoint,
substantial equivalence, was met with an average Dice Coefficient of 0.97 and an average
Hausdorff Distance of 0.44mm between the module and the predicate device.

The secondary endpoint, reproducibility (of ground truths), showed a within case variance of 1%,
demonstrating strong reproducibility of ground truth segmentations.

For the CPR visualizations, the primary endpoint, centerline accuracy, was met with an average
Hausdorff Distance of 0.31 mm between the module and ground truth.

Prescriptive Statement:

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.


Safety & Effectiveness:

Rapid Neuro3D has been designed, verified, and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part
820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with
EN ISO 14971:2019 (risk management) and the software development process conforms to IEC
62304:2015. Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the
Rapid Neuro3D system met all design requirements.

Conclusion:

Based on the shared technological characteristics and intended use, iSchemaView’s Rapid
Neuro3D is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, Rapid (K233582).
The results of performance validation and software verification/validation testing support the
safety and performance of Rapid Neuro3D.


                                           Page 7 of 7