January 15, 2025
Caption Health, Inc.
Tahir Rizvi
Sr. Director of Regulatory Affairs
4 West 4th Avenue
Suite 215
San Mateo, California 94402


Re: K243065
    Trade/Device Name: Cardiac Guidance
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2100
    Regulation Name: Radiological Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guidance System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QJU
    Dated: December 11, 2024
    Received: December 16, 2024

Dear Tahir Rizvi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243065 - Tahir Rizvi                                                                Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K243065 - Tahir Rizvi                                                                Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                  YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                    PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use                          See
Submission Number (if known)
    K2365                                                           I
Device Name
 I Cardiac Guidance

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The Cardiac Guidance software is intended to assist medical professionals in the acquisition of
 cardiac ultrasound images. Cardiac Guidance software is an accessory to compatible general
 purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems.

 The Cardiac Guidance software is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic
 echocardiography (2D-TTE) for adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following standard
 views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV),
 Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary
 Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2),
 Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SCIVC).

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
     N  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K243065


                                 510(k) Summary

Name of Device: Cardiac Guidance
Classification Name: Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guided By Artificial Intelligence
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: QJU
Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2100
Predicate Device: Caption Guidance
Device Description:

The Cardiac Guidance software is a radiological computer-assisted acquisition guidance system that provides
real-time guidance during echocardiography to assist the user capture anatomically correct images
representing standard 2D echocardiographic diagnostic views and orientations. This AI-powered, software-only
device emulates the expertise of skilled sonographers.

Cardiac Guidance is comprised of several different features that, combined, provide expert guidance to the user.
These include:

       ●   Quality Meter: The real-time feedback from the Quality Meter advises the user on the expected
              diagnostic quality of the resulting clip, such that the user can make decisions to further optimize
              the quality, for example by following the prescriptive guidance feature below.

       ●   Prescriptive Guidance: The prescriptive guidance feature in Cardiac Guidance provides direction
              to the user to emulate how a sonographer would manipulate the transducer to acquire the
             optimal view.

       ●   Auto-Capture: The Cardiac Guidance Auto-Capture feature triggers an automatic capture of a clip
           when the quality is predicted to be diagnostic, emulating the way in which a sonographer knows
           when an image is of sufficient quality to be diagnostic and records it.

       ●  Save Best Clip: This feature continually assesses clip quality while the user is scanning and, in the
             event that the user is not able to obtain a clip sufficient for Auto-Capture, the software allows the
              user to retrospectively record the highest quality clip obtained so far, mimicking the choice a
             sonographer might make when recording an exam.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use:

No differences exist between the subject device of this PCCP and the predicate device with respect to intended
use or indications for use. The following summary of intended use/ indications for use is reproduced here for
reference:

       The Cardiac Guidance software is intended to assist medical professionals in the acquisition of cardiac
        ultrasound images. The Cardiac Guidance software is an accessory to compatible general purpose
        diagnostic ultrasound systems.


                                                                                                                         Page 1 of 4

The Cardiac Guidance software is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography
        (2D- TTE) for adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal
        Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the
         Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber
         (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2- Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber
        (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


Summary of Technological Characteristics compared to the previously-cleared PCCP:

The updated PCCP expands upon the existing list of changes from the most recent 510(k) clearance (K201992).

Performance Data and Performance Testing

Safety and performance of the Cardiac Guidance software will be evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and validation
testing outlined in the submission. Compared to previously-cleared PCCP, two new tests have been
incorporated to support validation of the modified device.

The following Table briefly compares the modifications between the previously-cleared PCCP and the subject
PCCP of this submission.

      Modification              K201992 PCCP                         Subject PCCP
 Real-Time Guidance    Added cardiac views to standard    Expands the list of views in previously
 for Additional 2D TTE    echocardiography views, focusing   authorized PCCP by adding additional
 Views               on various anatomical regions      standard cardiac subset views. These
                                 (e.g., PLAX, PSAX, Apical,             additional cardiac ultrasound views are
                         Subcostal, Suprasternal).           focused on enhanced diagnostic imaging and
                                                        coverage of specific anatomical regions.
 Labeling compatibility  Ensured software compatibility      Builds on compatibility with additional UI/UX
 of new compatible      with ultrasound systems of similar   improvements, incl. support for various screen
 ultrasound systems     screen sizes.                          sizes such as mobile platforms.
 and UI Enhancement
 Non-expert Validation   Not included.                   Adds standalone test protocol to enable
                                                                validation of modified device performance by
                                                          the intended user groups, ensuring
                                                          equivalency to the original device based on
                                                          predefined clinical endpoints.
 Human Factors Test    Not included.                      Introduces Human Factors Testing to evaluate
                                                           user interactions and ensure critical tasks
                                                      remain unaffected by UI/UX modifications.

The revised PCCP does not introduce new or different questions of safety and effectiveness compared to the
predicate device. Accordingly, the Cardiac Guidance software is determined to be substantially equivalent.


                                                                                                                         Page 2 of 4

Summary of planned modifications, testing methods, validation activities and performance requirements

This 510(k) submission outlines future algorithm improvements under an updated Predetermined Change
Control Plan (PCCP) and seek authorization of this updated PCCP. The plan details anticipated software
modifications, methods and validation criteria that will be utilized to implement those modifications in a
controlled manner and ensure the subject device remains as safe and effective as the predicate. Anticipated
software modifications are discussed in detail in the main submission and are summarized in the table below, as
well as a modification protocol describing the verification and validation activities that will support these
planned modifications. The modification protocol incorporates impact assessment considerations and specifies
requirements for data management, including data sources, collection, storage, and sequestration, as well as
documentation and data segregation/re-use practices.

The test methods specified in the PCCP establish substantial equivalence to the predicate device, and include
sample size determination, analysis methods, and acceptance criteria. To ensure validation test datasets are
representative of the intended use population, each will meet minimum demographic requirements. Caption
Health shall communicate product changes made under the scope of this PCCP to end-users via customer and
software update notifications, as well through updated product labeling.

A summary of these software modifications, rationale and test methods are presented in the table below:

           Modification                       Rationale                     Testing Methods

 Retraining/optimization/           These changes enhance model      Repeating verification tests and
 modification of core algorithm(s)    robustness, reduce bias, improve    the system level validation test to
                                         generalizability, and enable         ensure the pre-defined acceptance
                                  Caption Health to respond             criteria are met.
                                          effectively real-world feedback.

 Real-time guidance for additional    These changes enhance the         Repeating verification tests and
 2D TTE views: This modification      system’s diagnostic capabilities by  two system level validation tests
 expands the list of views by adding   providing more focused, specific     including usability testing to
 additional cardiac subset views      views that assist expert clinicians    ensure the pre-defined acceptance
                                         in making more accurate cardiac      criteria are met for the additional
                                   assessments, improving overall      views.
                                           usability.

 Optimization of the core           These optimizations improve the    Repeating relevant verification
 algorithm(s) implementation in     performance of the algorithm,        test(s) and the system level
 the software such as optimization   making it more efficient and          validation test to ensure the preof algorithm thresholds, averaging   accurate without changing its       defined acceptance criteria are
  logic, transfer functions,           fundamental functionality, ensure   met.
 frequency, and refresh rate          consistency across different
                                    devices and enhance the usability
                                       of the device

 Addition of new types of           These changes provide additional    Repeating relevant verification
 prescriptive guidance for existing    real-time feedback to users           tests and two system level
 views such as patient positioning    enhances system’s utility and user   validation tests including usability
 and breathing guidance, guidance   experience in obtaining diagnostic


                                                                                                                         Page 3 of 4

that combines two or more           quality images.                       testing to ensure the pre-defined
 physical probe movements,                                         acceptance criteria are met.
 pressure and probe sliding/angling
 and addition of existing guidance
 types to all existing views in the
 device and future views
 Labeling compatibility of software   These changes enable support for   Repeating relevant verification
 with compatible ultrasound        a broader range of devices and are   tests and the system level
 systems for various screen sizes     intended to enable an enhanced     validation test including usability
 including mobile platforms or/and   user experience without              testing to ensure the pre-defined
 change in the user interface        compromising critical tasks.        acceptance criteria are met.
 features, such as addition of
 Prescriptive Guidance audio and
 configurability of guidance
 features.


Conclusions:

The current iteration of the Cardiac Guidance software is as safe and effective as the previous iteration of such
software. The Cardiac Guidance software is substantially equivalent in intended use, design, principles of
operation, technological characteristics, and safety features to the predicate device. There are no different
questions of safety and/or effectiveness introduced by the Caption Guidance software when used as intended.
Thus, the Cardiac Guidance software is substantially equivalent. The activities proposed within the Modification
Protocol will continue to reasonably ensure the safe and effectiveness of the product, and all modifications will
maintain the device within stated intended use and indications for use.

The purpose of this 510(k) submission is to seek a focused review and clearance of an updated predetermined
change control plan (PCCP) that outlines anticipated modifications to the device and the methods that will be
utilized to implement those modifications in a controlled manner while maintaining safety and efficacy. This
current submission expands on the predetermined change control plan (PCCP) previously cleared under
K201992, which was itself an update to the initial PCCP authorized as part of DEN190040.


                                                                                                                         Page 4 of 4