July 7, 2025


Caranx Medical
℅ Pierrre Berthet-Rayne
CTO of Caranx Medical
12/14 Rue Jean Antoine de Baif
PARIS, 75013
FRANCE


Re: K243884
    Trade/Device Name: TAVIPILOT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1650
    Regulation Name: Image-intensified fluoroscopic X-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OWB, QIH
    Dated: June 6, 2025
    Received: June 6, 2025


Dear Pierrre Berthet-Rayne:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K243884 - Pierrre Berthet-Rayne                                                        Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243884 - Pierrre Berthet-Rayne                                                        Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243884

Device Name
TAVIPILOT


Indications for Use (Describe)

TAVIPILOT is an intra-operative software which provides real-time fluoroscopy detection, tracking and marking of the
Non-Coronary Cusp and the prosthetic valve, to allow optimal guidance for precise positioning of the prosthetic valve,
according to the planning phase, for TAVI/TAVR (transcatheter aortic valve implantation/replacement) procedures. The
guidance provided by TAVIPILOT is not intended to substitute the cardiac surgeon’s or the interventional cardiologist’s
judgment and analysis of the patient’s condition.

The device is only intended for adults (i.e., 21 years and older).

Contra-indications:
- Patients who have already undergone a TAVI/TAVR or SAVR (surgical aortic valve replacement)
- Patients diagnosed with aortic insufficiency
- Patients for whom the main access for the TAVI/TAVR catheter is not femoral
- Patients who have a non-tricuspid native valve
- Patients who have a permanent Pacemaker implant or temporary Pacemaker within 2 cm from the aortic root, other than
the pacing guidewire
- Patients who have thoracic surgical implants
- Patients who are not adults


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243884 510(k) Summary


510(k) Summary in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92
                                   Caranx Medical Submitted by:
                                     12/14 Rue Jean Antoine de Baif
                                  75013 Paris
                                     France
                                                  Tel.: +33 982248561
                                      pierre.berthet-rayne@caranx-medical.com
                                          Dr. Pierre Berthet-Rayne Contact Person:
                             CTO Position/Title:
                                             July 7, 2025 Date of Preparation:

                                     TAVIPILOT Trade Name:
                                  21 CFR 892.1650- Image-intensified fluoroscopic X-Ray system Regulation:
                                        Primary: OWB
 Product Code(s):
                                     Secondary: QIH

 Class:                              Class II

                                         Substantial Equivalence to:
 Predicate
                                Model
    K Number                                            Manufacturer
      Predicate K140138                  Philips HeartNavigator     Philips Medical Systems Nederland
                                     Release 2.0               B.V.
                                                               Veenpluis 4-6
                                                        5684 PC Best
                                                          The Netherlands
      Trade Name:                    HeartNavigator Release 2.0
       Regulation:                  21 CFR 892.1650 - Image-intensified fluoroscopic x-ray system.
      Product Code(s):          OWB , LLZ

       Class:                         Class II

 Reason for Submission:           New Device


DESCRIPTION OF DEVICE:
      TAVIPILOT is an intra-operative software which provides real-time fluoroscopy detection, tracking and
      marking of the Non-coronary Cusp and the prosthetic valve, to allow optimal guidance for precise
       positioning of the prosthetic valve, according to the planning phase, for TAVI/TAVR (transcatheter aortic
      valve implantation/replacement) procedures.

     The guidance provided by the TAVIPILOT is not intended to substitute the cardiac surgeon’s or the
       interventional cardiologist’s judgment and analysis of the patient’s condition.


                                                                          Page 1 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


INTENDED USE:
      Indications for Use
           TAVIPILOT is an intra-operative software which provides real-time fluoroscopy detection, tracking
          and marking of the Non-Coronary Cusp and the prosthetic valve, to allow optimal guidance for
            precise positioning of the prosthetic valve, according to the planning phase, for TAVI/TAVR
             (transcatheter aortic valve implantation/replacement) procedures. The guidance provided by
           TAVIPILOT is not intended to substitute the cardiac surgeon’s or the interventional cardiologist’s
           judgment and analysis of the patient’s condition.

           The device is only suitable for adults (i.e., 21 years and older).

             Contra-indications:
                        -   Patients who have already undergone a TAVI/TAVR or SAVR (surgical aortic valve
                   replacement)
                        -   Patients diagnosed with aortic insufficiency
                        -   Patients for whom the main access for the TAVI/TAVR catheter is not femoral
                        -   Patients who have a non-tricuspid native valve
                        -   Patients who have a permanent Pacemaker implant or temporary Pacemaker within 2 cm
                  from the aortic root, other than the pacing guidewire
                        -   Patients who have thoracic surgical implants
                        -   Patients who are not adults

      Intended Patient Population
           TAVIPILOT is suitable for patients with structural heart diseases who are considered appropriate
            candidates for treatment with a TAVI/TAVR procedure.
             This device is only suitable for adults (i.e., 21 years and older).

      Intended Users
           The user is a clinical specialist who is fully skilled and qualified to perform the TAVI/TAVR
           procedure and is responsible for sound clinical judgement and for applying the best clinical
            procedure, such as a cardiac/cardiothoracic surgeon or interventional cardiologist.

            Before using TAVIPILOT, users must complete the required training in the safe, intended, and
              effective use of the device and demonstrate their ability to operate it correctly. Only after receiving
              certification may a user operate TAVIPILOT. Uncertified users should not have access to the
             device.

      Intended Use Environment
           TAVIPILOT is intended to be used in the control room and in the examination room of an
             interventional suite and/or hybrid operating room. TAVIPILOT integrates in the existing operating
          room environment, usually containing an examination room (where the patient is), and a control
           room. The system is connected to an interventional (C-arm) X-ray system.


TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS:
      TAVIPILOT utilizes trained AI/ML model to detect, track and mark the Non-coronary Cusp (NCC) and the
      transcatheter aortic valve (TAV) to guide the operator for precise positioning of the prosthetic valve,
      according to the planning phase.

      AI/ML validation test has shown that the model’s ability to accurately detect, track and mark the noncoronary cusp (NCC) with high accuracy, see section Non-Clinical and Performance Testing.


                                                                          Page 2 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


    COMPATIBILITY:
     TAVIPILOT is compatible with the following medical devices and requirements:

     TAV:
           •    Edwards SAPIEN 3 (20 mm, 23 mm, 26 mm, 29 mm) [P140031]
           •    Edwards SAPIEN 3 Ultra (20 mm, 23 mm, 26 mm) [P140031]
    TAV delivery system:
           •    Edwards Commander delivery system [P140031]

      Pigtail catheter:
           •     Cordis 534-550S INFINITI ® Diagnostic Catheters Ventricular Pigtail 5F/6F 110 cm [K970854]
           •     Cordis SR2278 SuperTorque ® Plus Angled Pigtail 5.2F 125 cm [K914007]
           •     Boston Scientific Impulse 5F 125 cm [K120495]
           •     Cordis 533-650F SUPER TORQUE Diagnostic Catheters 6F 110 cm [K231015]

     Imaging Devices:
    FDA cleared X-Ray (Imaging) devices under the following C-arm configurations:
           •     3-cusp coplanar view: any C-arm angulation allowing for visualization of the three cusps (noncoronary, right, left) in the same plane, or
           •     2-cusp overlap view: any C-arm angulation allowing for visualization of the isolated non-coronary
               cusp and overlapped right- and left-coronary, and
           •     avoiding any parallax effect on the TAV, and
           •      Field of View (FOV) between 160 mm by 160 mm and 300 mm by 300 mm, and
           •    C-arm acquisition frame rates of 5 to 30 frames per second, and
           •    Minimum image resolution 512 pixels by 512 pixels, 1:1 aspect ratio

     Control Room Computer:
           •    OS: Windows 11 Pro, 64-bit
           •    CPU: AMD Ryzen 7 5800H 3.20 GHz, Intel Core i7-11700K 3.10 GHz
           •    RAM: 16 GB
           •    GPU: NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3060 (or newer model) with 6 GB of VRAM and compatible with CUDA
           •     Storage space: 20 GB
           •     Display resolution of at least 1280 by 1024 pixels
           •    Frame Grabber (AJA U-Tap HDMI, AJA U-Tap SDI or AV.IO HDMI)
           •    USB Isolator (CableMax USB Isolator 5000 Vrms Dongle, or any similar device with protection of at
                   least 5000 VDC)


    COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL FEATURES TO PREDICATE DEVICE (SE TABLE):

Product/          Subject Device (SD):                    Predicate Device (PD):                  Substantial Equivalence (SE)
Feature          TAVIPILOT                                 Philips HeartNavigator 2.0            and Comments

General          Product codes: OWB, QIH              Product code: OWB, LLZ                 Similar to PD:
information        Classification name: Image-intensified   Classification name: Image-intensified  Predicate device is legally
                  fluoroscopic x-ray system               fluoroscopic x-ray system             marketed.
                    Classification regulation: 21 CFR         Classification regulation: 21 CFR
                 892.1650                            892.1650
              FDA Clearance: K243884            FDA Clearance: K140138


                                                                              Page 3 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


Product/          Subject Device (SD):                    Predicate Device (PD):                  Substantial Equivalence (SE)
Feature          TAVIPILOT                                 Philips HeartNavigator 2.0            and Comments

Intended Use     TAVIPILOT is an intra-operative software  HeartNavigator is a tool to assist the     Similar to PD:
(IU) including     which provides real-time fluoroscopy    user with the treatment of structural   SD does not assist the user with
Indications for     detection, tracking and marking of the    heart disease using minimal invasive    procedure planning.
Use (IFU)        Non-Coronary Cusp and the prosthetic   interventional techniques. In addition   SD provides support for a
                    valve, to allow optimal guidance for       to the conventional live fluoroscopy it    specific structural heart
                  precise positioning of the prosthetic      provides the user with tools to plan      disease treatment procedure,
                    valve, according to the planning phase,  and guide the procedure using 3D      namely TAVI/TAVR.
                     for TAVI/TAVR (transcatheter aortic valve image data.
                  implantation/replacement) procedures.
                The guidance provided by TAVIPILOT is
                 not intended to substitute the cardiac
                  surgeon’s or the interventional
                    cardiologist’s judgment and analysis of
                  the patient’s condition.

                The device is only intended for adults
                          (i.e., 21 years and older).


                   Contra-indications:
                        - Patients who have already undergone a
                 TAVI/TAVR or SAVR (surgical aortic valve
                 replacement)
                        - Patients diagnosed with aortic
                    insufficiency
                        - Patients for whom the main access for
                  the TAVI/TAVR catheter is not femoral
                        - Patients who have a non-tricuspid
                   native valve
                        - Patients who have a permanent
               Pacemaker implant or temporary
               Pacemaker within 2 cm from the aortic
                    root, other than the pacing guidewire
                        - Patients who have thoracic surgical
                 implants
                        - Patients who are not adults
Device          The TAVIPILOT software tool is intended  The HeartNavigator software tool is      Similar to PD:
Description       to be used in combination with FDA      intended to be used in combination     Both devices are intended to
                  cleared X-ray systems to assist cardiac   with the primary predicate device        assist cardiac surgeons and
                 surgeons and interventional               Allura X-ray system (K130638) to assist  interventional cardiologists
                   cardiologists with the treatment of       cardiac surgeons and interventional     with the treatment of structural
                    structural heart diseases using minimal   cardiologists with the treatment of      heart diseases using FDA
                   invasive interventional techniques for     structural heart diseases using         cleared X-Ray C-arm systems
                which TAVI/TAVR is indicated.           minimal invasive interventional        and minimal invasive
                                                         techniques.                             interventional techniques.
                                                                      SD provides support for a
                                                                                                        specific structural heart
                                                                                            disease treatment procedure,
                                                                                   namely TAVI/TAVR.
                    In addition to conventional live            In addition to conventional live          Similar to PD:
                  fluoroscopy TAVIPILOT provides the user fluoroscopy HeartNavigator provides   Both PD and SD use 2D
                  with tools to guide the procedure using a  the user with tools to plan (by use of     overlay on the fluoroscopic
              2D projection of the aortic root-related    previously acquired DICOM cardiac CT                                                                                image for guidance.
                landmarks and transcatheter aortic       patient data) and guide the procedure                                                                          SD does not assist the user
                   valve overlayed on the 2D X-ray image    using a 2D projection of the aortic rootwith procedure planning in                 data from the FDA cleared X-ray systems related landmarks obtained during
                                                           planning, on X-ray image data from the  the planning phase
                                                               Allura X-ray system.

                                                                              Page 4 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


Product/          Subject Device (SD):                    Predicate Device (PD):                  Substantial Equivalence (SE)
Feature          TAVIPILOT                                 Philips HeartNavigator 2.0            and Comments

                 During Live phase the SD offers          During live phase the PD converts the    Different in technology:
                 anatomical detection and tracking of the 3D CT-data to a 2D projection of the    Both PD and SD offer
                    aortic root-related landmarks and         aortic root-related landmarks, which is  anatomical detection, tracking
                  transcatheter aortic valve which is       overlayed on the 2D fluoroscopy x-ray                                                                              and marking of the aortic
                  overlayed in 2D on the 2D fluoroscopy x-  image.                                                                                                    root. Both PD and SD use 2D
                   ray image data using trained AI/ML
                                                                                             overlay on the fluoroscopic                model.
                                                                                image for guidance. SD uses a
                                                                                              trained AI/ML model

                 TAVIPILOT does not change or influence  HeartNavigator 2.0 does not change or  Same as PD
                  the TAVI procedure                      influence the TAVI procedure
Patients, Users &  Patient Population:                    Patient Population:              Same as PD
Environment      TAVIPILOT is suitable for patients with    HeartNavigator 2.0 is suitable for      SD is specifically suitable for
                    structural heart diseases who are        patients with structural heart diseases   patients with structural heart
                 considered appropriate for treatment     that have a medical condition for       diseases for which TAVI/TAVR is
                  with a TAVI/TAVR procedure.           which the treatment with minimal       indicated.
                                                             invasive interventional techniques
                                                         using fluoroscopy is considered
                                                               suitable.

                Intended users:                     Intended users:                 Same as PD
                The user is a clinical specialist who is    The user is a clinical specialist who is   SD’s intended users are skilled
                       fully skilled and qualified to perform the   fully skilled and qualified to perform    and qualified to perform a
                 TAVI/TAVR procedure and is responsible  the structural heart disease procedure   specific structural heart
                     for sound clinical judgement and for     and is responsible for sound clinical     disease procedure, namely
                  applying the best clinical procedure     judgement and for applying the best     TAVI/TAVR.
                                                                   clinical procedure.

                General safety and effectiveness:      General safety and effectiveness:    Same as PD
                To facilitate safe and efficacious        To facilitate safe and efficacious
                  operation of the system by a trained      operation of the system by a trained
                  healthcare professional, instructions for  healthcare professional, instructions
                use are provided as part of the labelling,  for use are provided as part of the
                as well as training at system handover.    labelling, as well as training at system
                                                       handover.
                   Clinical environment:                   Clinical environment:             Same as PD
                 TAVIPILOT is intended to be used in the   HeartNavigator is intended to be used
                   control room and in the examination      in the control room and in the
               room of an interventional suite and/or    examination room of an interventional
                  hybrid operating room.                   suite and/or hybrid operating room.
              Computer (PC) environment         Computer (PC) environment        Same as PD
                  • Windows operating system           • Windows operating system
                  •  Video capture for receiving C-arm X-   •  Video capture for receiving C-arm Xray fluoroscopic images                  ray fluoroscopic images
                  • Output to LDM (Large Display         • Output to LDM (Large Display
                     Monitor)                                Monitor)

Principle of       The main operating principle of         The main operating principle of          Similar to PD:
Operation and    TAVIPLIOT consists of the following SW   HeartNavigator consists of the         The intended use of the SD is
Technology       workflow:                                following SW workflow:                not to assists the user with TAVI
                     1.   Preparing for Live task                1.   Planning segmentation task       procedure planning, therefore
                     2.   Live Task                              2.   Planning measurement task       steps 1-4 of the PD steps are
                                                                 3.   Planning viewing task             not relevant for the SD.
                                                                 4.   Planning registration task
                                                                 5.   Preparing for Live task
                                                                 6.   Live Task

                                                                              Page 5 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


Product/          Subject Device (SD):                    Predicate Device (PD):                  Substantial Equivalence (SE)
Feature          TAVIPILOT                                 Philips HeartNavigator 2.0            and Comments

TAVIPILOT SW     Valve type, valve size and positioning are Valve type, size and positioning are    Same as PD
Workflow –        selected by the user in the preparing for  selected by the user in the preparing    Both SD and PD requires valve
Preparing for Live  live tasks                                    for live tasks.                            type, size and positioning input
Task                                                                                   by the user.
TAVIPILOT SW     Live task – reception of fluoroscopic    Live task – reception of fluoroscopic   Similar to PD
Workflow – Live   data                               data                               Both devices receives live
Task             Reception of live fluoroscopic stream    Reception of live fluoroscopic stream    fluoroscopic images from a
                from an FDA-cleared X-Ray system      from the Allura X-ray system (K130638)  cleared X-ray system
                  Live task – displaying raw fluoroscopic  Live task – displaying raw          Same as PD:
                data                                 fluoroscopic data                   Both SD and PD keep an
                 During Live Task the TAVIPILOT is        During Live Task the HeartNavigator      original raw fluoroscopic image
                  displayed in addition to the original raw   2.0 is displayed in addition to the        flow and provide their guidance
                  fluoroscopic data (image), on the large    original raw fluoroscopic data (image),  on a separate flow
                 monitor as a separate fluoroscopic      on the large monitor as a separate
                image with the overlayed guidance       fluoroscopic image with the overlayed
                  information                          guidance information
                  Live tasks - Aortic root-related          Live tasks - Aortic root-related         Similar to PD:
                landmarks:                         landmarks:                         Both systems display 2D
              Upon detection, the aortic root-related   Upon detection, the aortic root-related  landmarks on the live 2D
                landmarks are displayed to the user by   landmarks are displayed to the user by  fluoroscopic stream for
                   overlaying a 2D landmark on the 2D live   overlaying a 2D landmark (NCC, LCC    marking of the NCC.
                    x-ray images.                       and RCC) on the live 2D x-ray images.   SD only displays NCC as a dot,
                                                                      PD displays NCC, LCC and RCC
                                                                                       as a circle
                  Live tasks – Transcatheter Aortic Valve  Live tasks – Transcatheter Aortic       Similar to PD:
                   (TAV):                               Valve (TAV):                        Both systems displays 2D
              Upon detection, the TAV is displayed to   The TAV is displayed to the user by      landmarks on the live 2D
                  the user by overlaying a 2D on the live 2D overlaying a 2D landmark (2D valve      fluoroscopic stream for
                    x-ray images.                             overlay) on the live 2D x-ray images.     marking of the TAV.
                                                                      SD displays TAV as line overlay,
                                                                      PD displays TAV as multiple line
                                                                                                   overlay

             In the SE table above, we have identified a difference in technological characteristics, which is:
               •   the PD uses previously acquired CT data for detection and overlaying of 2D aortic root-related
                 landmark (NCC) and 2D aortic transcatheter valve landmark (TAV) on 2D live fluoroscopy
          whereas
               •   the SD uses AI/ML-models for detection and overlaying of 2D aortic root-related landmark (NCC)
                and 2D aortic transcatheter landmark (TAV) on 2D live fluoroscopy
            This difference in technological characteristic was evaluated through non-clinical and performance
             testing.


    NON-CLINICAL AND PERFORMANCE TESTING:
      In addition to the verification testing conducted as part of the software lifecycle development process, nonclinical and performance testing was carried out to demonstrate TAVIPILOT substantial equivalence.

    Below is a summary of these tests and results:

    FDA cleared C-arm X-ray device interoperability testing:
     TAVIPILOT was validated for compatibility and interoperability with FDA cleared C-arm X-ray devices (using
     data from GE, Philips, and Siemens devices).
                                                                              Page 6 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


TAVIPILOT was deployed in different TAVI centers, each using different FDA cleared C-arm X-ray devices.

The validation confirmed that TAVIPILOT is compatible and can interoperate with any FDA cleared GE, Philips,
and Siemens C-arm X-ray device that meets the requirements listed in the "Compatibility" section.


NCC and TAV detection, tracking and marking validation testing:
TAVIPILOT was validated for its accuracy in detecting, tracking and marking of the NCC and the TAV.

The validation included a representative and statistically supported number of patients, representative of both
EU and US TAVI populations, including gender and ethnicity considerations.
The validation compared TAVIPILOTs detecting, tracking and marking accuracy to ground truth. Ground truth
was performed by board certified experts with substantial experience with relevant clinical tasks, thus
ensuring quality annotations.

The validation demonstrated that TAVIPILOT has a high accuracy in detecting, tracking and marking of the NCC
and the TAV. The NCC was detected, tracked and marked ≤ 2 mm in 100% of all patients being tested with
statistical significance. The TAV was detected, tracked and marked ≤ 1 mm in 100% of all patients being tested
with statistical significance. The accuracy was obtained in both contrasted and non-contrasted images.


Comparison to Predicate Device testing:
TAVIPILOT was validated for comparison to the Predicate Device.
The validation included a representative and statistically supported number of patients. The validation
compared TAVIPILOTs and the Predicate Device detecting, tracking and marking accuracy to ground truth.
Ground truth was performed by board certified experts with substantial experience with relevant clinical tasks,
thus ensuring quality annotations.

The validation demonstrated that TAVIPILOT has equivalent or better detection, tracking, and marking of the
NCC compared to the predicate device in all patients. The accuracy was obtained in both contrasted and noncontrasted images.


Summary:
TAVIPILOT was successfully validated for compatibility and interoperability with FDA cleared C-arm X-ray
devices, for its accuracy in detecting, tracking and marking of the NCC and the TAV and for comparison to the
Predicate Device and supports our claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


APPLICATION OF STANDARDS:
      TAVIPILOT software was developed and documented in accordance with FDA guidelines for SW
development, verification and validation. The software lifecycle process was evaluated to meet:

          •   Medical device software lifecycle process per IEC 62304:2006+A1:2015 as per internal SW
            development QMS-procedure under ISO13485:2016, and
          •   Device software was verified to requirements and validated to meet the specified intended use.

      TAVIPILOT was evaluated for usability and met acceptance criteria for performance after testing.
      TAVIPILOT was tested to current applicable standards for medical device. The following standards were
      applied for development and compliance testing:
          •   IEC 62366-1:2015+AMD1:2020 Medical devices Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
             medical devices, including Amendment 1 – FDA 5-129
          •   IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes [Including
           Amendment 1 (2016)] – FDA 13-79
     The device met acceptance criteria for compliance to the standards.

                                                                          Page 7 of 8

K243884 510(k) Summary


      Safety and security Risk management, risk and hazard analysis were performed to the following
      standards:
          •   ISO14971:2029 Medical devices - Applications of risk management to medical devices – FDA 5-
            125
          •   CR34971:2022 Guidance on the Application of ISO 14971 to Artificial Intelligence and Machine
              Learning – FDA 13-124
          •   TIR57:2016 Principles for medical device security - Risk management.
     The device met risk management criteria for acceptability of residual risks.

       In summary, TAVIPILOT met acceptance criteria for conformance to applicable standards and
      performance. Residual risks met criteria for acceptability for the intended use. Cybersecurity
      documentation was provided as described in FDA guidance document Cybersecurity in Medical Devices:
      Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions.


 CONCLUSION:
      Therefore, we believe that the difference in technological characteristic does not raise other questions
      regarding safety and effectiveness and that TAVIPILOT is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                          Page 8 of 8