June 18, 2025


GE Medical Systems SCS
℅ Mireille Haddad
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
283, rue de la Miniere
BUC, 78530
FRANCE

Re: K243672
    Trade/Device Name: CardIQ Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK; QIH
    Dated: November 27, 2024
    Received: May 19, 2025

Dear Mireille Haddad:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243672 – Mireille Haddad                                                            Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243672 – Mireille Haddad                                                            Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                                           Digitally signed   for
                                           by Gabriela M.
                                               Rodal -S

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243672

Device Name
CardIQ Suite


Indications for Use (Describe)
CardIQ Suite is a non-invasive software application designed to provide an optimized application to analyze
cardiovascular anatomy and pathology based on 2D or 3D CT cardiac non contrast and angiography DICOM data from
acquisitions of the heart. It provides capabilities for the visualization and measurement of vessels and visualization of
chamber mobility. CardIQ Suite also aids in diagnosis and determination of treatment paths for cardiovascular diseases to
include, coronary artery disease, functional parameters of the heart, heart structures and follow-up for stent placement,
bypasses and plaque imaging. CardIQ Suite provides calcium scoring, a non-invasive software application, that can be
used with non-contrasted cardiac images to evaluate calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, heart valves and great
vessels such as the aorta. The clinician can use the information provided by calcium scoring to monitor the
progression/regression of calcium in coronary arteries overtime, and this information may aid the clinician in their
determination of the prognosis of cardiac disease. CardIQ Suite also provides an estimate of the volume of heart fat for
informational use.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite
                           K243672

                            510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:                  May 16, 2025

 Submitter:               GE Medical Systems SCS

                              Establishment Registration Number - 9611343

                          283 rue de la Miniere

                          78530 Buc, France

 Primary Contact Person:        Mireille Haddad

                              Regulatory Affairs Program Manager

                        GE HealthCare

                                Email: mireillehaddad@gehealthcare.com

 Secondary Contact Person:     Elizabeth Mathew

                               Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager

                        GE HealthCare

                                    Tel: 262-424-7774

                                Email: elizabeth.mathew@gehealthcare.com

 Device Trade Name:          CardIQ Suite

 Common/Usual Name:        System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed

 Primary Classification Name:  Computed Tomography X-Ray System

 Primary Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.1750

 Primary Product Code:        JAK

 Secondary Product Code:     QIH

 Classification:                  Class II


                                        1 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Primary Predicate Device

 Device name:                CardIQ Suite

 Common/Usual Name:        System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed

 Manufacturer:            GE Medical Systems SCS

 510(k) number:             K233731

 Classification Name:         Computed tomography X-Ray System

 Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.1750

 Product Code:               JAK

 Classification:                  Class II


                                        2 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Reference Device
 Device name:               CardIQ Xpress 2.0
 Common/Usual Name:        System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed

 Manufacturer:            GE Medical Systems SCS

 510(k) number:             K073138

 Classification Name:         Computed tomography X-Ray System

 Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.1750

 Product Code:               JAK

 Classification:                  Class II


 Device name:               SmartScore 4.0
 Common/Usual Name:        System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed

 Manufacturer:            GE Medical Systems SCS

 510(k) number:             K020929

 Classification Name:         Computed tomography X-Ray System

 Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.1750

 Product Code:               JAK

 Classification:                  Class II


                                        3 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


Device Description:
CardIQ Suite is a non-invasive software application designed to work with DICOM CT data
acquisitions of the heart.  It is a collection of tools that provide capabilities for generating
measurements  both  automatically  and  manually,  displaying  images  and  associated
measurements in an easy-to-read format and tools for exporting images and measurements in a
variety of formats.
CardIQ Suite provides an integrated workflow to seamlessly review calcium scoring and coronary
CT angiography (CCTA) data. Calcium Scoring has a fully automatic capability which will detect
calcifications within the coronary arteries, label the coronary arteries according to regional
territories and generate a total and per territory calcium score based on the AJ 130 and Volume
scoring methods. Interactive tools allow editing of both the auto scored coronary lesions and
other calcified lesions such as aortic valve, mitral valve as well as other general cardiac structures.
Calcium scoring results can be compared with two percentile guide databases to better
understand a patient’s percentage of risk based on age, gender, and ethnicity. Additionally, for
these non-contrasted exams, the heart fat estimation automatically estimates values within the
heart that constitute adipose tissue, typically between –200 and –30 Hounsfield Units.
Calcium Scoring results can be exported as DICOM SR, batch axial SCPT, or a PDF report to assist
with integration into structured reporting templates. Images can be saved and exported for
sharing with referring physicians, incorporating into reports and archiving as part of the CT
examination.
The Multi-Planar Reformat (MPR) Cardiac Review and Coronary Review steps provide an
interactive toolset for review of cardiac exams. Coronary CTA datasets can be reviewed utilizing
the double oblique angles to visually track the path of the coronary arteries as well as to view the
common cardiac chamber orientations. Cine capability for multi-phase data may be useful for
visualization of cardiac structures in motion such as chambers, valves and arteries, automatic
tracking and labeling will allow a comprehensive analysis of the coronaries. Vessel lumen diameter
is calculated, and the minimum lumen diameter computed is shown in color along the lumen
profile.
Distance measurement and ROI tools are available for quantitative evaluation of the anatomy.
Vascular findings of interest can be identified and annotated by the user, and measurements can
be calculated for centerline distances, cross-sectional diameter and area, and lumen minimum
diameter.


Intended Use:
CardIQ  Suite  is a  collection  of  non-invasive software  features intended to  analyze CT
cardiovascular anatomy and pathology and aid in determining treatment paths.


Indication for Use:
CardIQ Suite is a non-invasive software application designed to provide an optimized application
to analyze cardiovascular anatomy and pathology based on 2D or 3D CT cardiac non contrast and
angiography DICOM data from acquisitions of the heart.  It provides  capabilities for the

                                        4 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


visualization and measurement of vessels and visualization of chamber mobility. CardIQ Suite also
aids in diagnosis and determination of treatment paths for cardiovascular diseases to include,
coronary artery disease, functional parameters of the heart, heart structures and follow-up for
stent placement, bypasses and plaque imaging. CardIQ Suite provides calcium scoring, a noninvasive software application, that can be used with non-contrasted cardiac images to evaluate
calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, heart valves and great vessels such as the aorta. The
clinician  can  use  the  information  provided  by  calcium  scoring  to  monitor  the
progression/regression of calcium in coronary arteries over time, and this information may aid
the clinician in their determination of the prognosis of cardiac disease. CardIQ Suite also provides
an estimate of the volume of heart fat for informational use.


Technology:
The proposed device CardIQ Suite employs the same fundamental scientific technology as its
predicate and reference devices.


Comparison:
The table below summarizes the key feature/technological differences and similarities between
the predicate devices:


 Specification    Primary Predicate      Subject Device:       Comparison
                  Device:                                     CardIQ Suite
                CardIQ Suite
                (K233731)
 Input Data for   Image Requirements:   Image Requirements:    Identical
 Calcium Scoring     •  120kVp            •  120kVp
                    •  Gated    cardiac    •  Gated   cardiac
                          acquisition              acquisition
                    •  DFOV - 24 cm -    •  DFOV - 24 cm -
                     35 cm               35 cm
                    •   Slice thickness ≤    •   Slice thickness ≤
               3mm           3mm
                    •   Non-contrast       •   Non-contrast
 Segmentation    Yes                   Yes                     Identical
 and labeling
 calcific regions
 in the
 coronaries


                                        5 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Specification    Primary Predicate      Subject Device:       Comparison
                  Device:                                     CardIQ Suite
                CardIQ Suite
                (K233731)
 Manual         Yes                   Yes                     Identical
 Segmentation
 and labeling of
 calcific regions
 Computation of  Yes                   Yes                     Identical
 calcium score -
 Agatson Score &
 Volume Scoring
 methods
 Percentile guide No                   Yes                    Substantially Equivalent
                                                                       In the subject device, the calcium
                                                              score is used as input to a percentile
                                                             guide in order to be able to compare
                                                             the patient's calcium score with a
                                                                       similar population of individuals.
                                                      Though the percentile guide
                                                                      functionality does not exist in the
                                                                predicate device, this functionality
                                                                already exists in the reference
                                                                   device, SmartScore 4.0 (K020929).
 Cardiac Review   Yes                   Yes                     Identical
                                           MPR Cardiac Review is intended to
                                                                          assist  readers  in  the  review  of
                                                            coronary artery imaging. Within this
                                                            review step, readers will find tools
                                                                 aligned with a 2D coronary artery CTA
                                                                review,  a segmented 3D Volume
                                                           Rendering model of the heart, as well
                                                               as   general   overview   of     all
                                                                 reconstructions  acquired  within  a
                                                              study  such  a  multi-phase  cine
                                                                    acquisitions or delayed enhancement
                                                                imaging.


                                        6 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Specification    Primary Predicate      Subject Device:       Comparison
                  Device:                                     CardIQ Suite
                CardIQ Suite
                (K233731)
 Heart          Yes (Contrast-enhanced  Yes (Contrast-          Substantial Equivalent
 Segmentation   cardiac exams)         enhanced and non-    The predicate device already
                                          contrast cardiac                                                        segments the heart for contrastexams)                                                       enhanced exams and the same
                                                               algorithm exists in the subject device
                                                             with no changes. The subject device
                                                           has been updated to add another
                                                      deep learning algorithm to segment
                                                             non-contrasted heart exams. The
                                               new deep learning algorithm for
                                                               heart segmentation of noncontrasted exams uses the same
                                                     model as the previous existing heart
                                                           segmentation algorithm for
                                                               contrasted exams, however now the
                                                                input is changed, and the model is
                                                                 trained and tested with the noncontrasted exams.

 Heart fat      No                    Yes                    Substantial Equivalent
 estimate                                                                       In the subject device, a predefined
                                            HU threshold of -200 to 30 is
                                                                applied to the ROI and is
                                                                 automatically generated on the
                                                       segmented heart which provides
                                                             the visualization of the heart fat
                                                                 estimate. The estimated volume of
                                                             the heart fat is calculated for the
                                                              designated CACS phase selected. In
                                                             the reference device, CardIQ Xpress
                                                                         2.0, the same functionality can be
                                                         performed using semi-automatic
                                                           segmentation tools.
 Coronary        Yes                   Yes                     Identical
 Review -
 Coronary
 Segmentation


                                        7 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Specification    Primary Predicate      Subject Device:       Comparison
                  Device:                                     CardIQ Suite
                CardIQ Suite
                (K233731)
 Coronary        Coronary Centerline    Coronary Centerline    Substantially equivalent
 Review -         Tracking is available     Tracking is available,                                                      The functionality of coronary
 Coronary                                 includes lumen                                                                   centerline tracking already exists in
 Tracking                               segmentation.                                                             the predicate device CardIQ Suite.
                                                                       In the subject device, a new postprocessing step is added to the
                                                            coronary centerline tracking
                                                               algorithm to generate a new output:
                                                             the coronary lumen segmentation.
                                                      The lumen segmentation was already
                                                                     available in the reference device
                                                           CardIQ Xpress 2.0. The postprocessing lumen segmentation
                                                      added in the subject device uses the
                                                  same image processing
                                                          methodology, based on pixel
                                                                         intensity, that was used in CardIQ
                                                              Xpress 2.0.
                                                                      Additionally, the Deep learning
                                                               algorithm for coronary tracking in
                                                             the subject device has been updated
                                                        by retraining to a finer resolution for
                                                  more precision and incorporates
                                                 some post-processing steps to refine
                                                             the centerline and tracking at vessel
                                                                          ostia, aorta, and vessel bifurcations.
 Coronary        Yes                   Yes                    Substantially equivalent
 Review -                                                      The functionality of coronary
 Coronary                                                                   centerline labelling already exists in
 Labeling                                                             the predicate device.
                                                      The algorithm coronary labelling has
                                                      been  improved  to  increase  the
                                                         performance  but  uses  a  similar
                                                         approach as the one in the predicate
                                                                   device.


                                        8 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Specification    Primary Predicate      Subject Device:       Comparison
                  Device:                                     CardIQ Suite
                CardIQ Suite
                (K233731)
 Lumen diameter No                   Yes                    Substantial Equivalent
 Quantification                                                       The lumen diameter quantification
 and minimum                                                                                         is calculated using a new non-deep
 diameter                                                                   learning algorithm and displayed as
 computations                                                          a lumen minimum diameter profile
 Estimate                                                                graph. This profile is equivalent to
 (Narrowing                                                             the minimum diameter lumen
 Highlights)                                                                         profile available in the reference
                                                                   device, CardIQ Xpress 2.0
                                                               (K073138).
                                                A local reduction in minimum
                                                            diameter in the lumen profile is
                                                                   color coded based on a signal
                                                                processing algorithm.


 Vascular       No                   Yes                    Substantial Equivalent
 Measurement                                                       The computational method and
 Tool                                                               user workflow for vascular
                                                       measurements in the subject
                                                                   device, is identical to the reference
                                                                   device, CardIQ Xpress 2.0
                                                               (K073138).


                                        9 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


Determination of Substantial Equivalence:
Summary of Non-Clinical and Clinical , Design Control Testing

CardIQ Suite has successfully completed the design control testing per GE HealthCare’s quality
system. It was designed and will be manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR
820 and ISO 13485. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were
observed. The proposed device complies with NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2022) Digital Imaging and
Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (Radiology) standard.

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the device:
     •  Requirements Definition
     •   Risk Analysis
     •   Technical Design Reviews
     •  Formal Design Reviews
     •   Software Development Lifecycle
     •  Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
     •   Safety Testing (Verification)

The proposed CardIQ Suite has been successfully verified on the AW Server platform. All the
testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness other than
those already associated with predicate devices. The documentation level was determined to be
Basic Documentation Level.

In addition, Engineering has performed bench testing for new and modified algorithms in the
subject device, using a database of retrospective CT exams. These exams were collected from
different clinical sites, with a variety of acquisition parameters, and pathologies. This database is
representative of the clinical scenarios where the proposed device will be used, encompassing
variations in acquisition parameters, image quality, pathologies, and anatomy.

    •   For the New Heart Segmentation deep learning algorithm for non-contrast CT exams, the
       output has met the acceptance criteria of more than 90 % of the exams that are
        successfully segmented based on testing performed on 111 CT exams.
    •   For the New Heart Fat volume estimate algorithm (non-deep learning), the automated
       estimate of the volume of heart fat was deemed acceptable as the average Dice score is
        greater than or equal to 90% based on testing performed on 111 CT exams. Under or
       over estimation of the heart fat volume estimate may be the result of inaccurate heart
       segmentation. Heart fat volume estimate is for informational use.

    •  A new algorithm was developed for lumen diameter quantification (non deep learning).
          Its performance was evaluated on 94 CT exams with a total of 353 narrowings across all
        available test sets by comparing its estimated diameters to those from the reference
       device CardIQ Xpress 2.0 (K073138). The mean absolute difference is lower than the mean
        voxel size, demonstrating sufficient agreement for lumen quantification.

    •  The bench testing performed for the modified algorithms of the Coronary Centerline

                                        10 of 11

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


        Tracking and Coronary Centerline Labeling, has proven that the performance of these
        algorithms is enhanced when compared to the predicate device.

In conclusion, the validation results for the new and modified algorithms met the defined
acceptance criteria.
Conclusion:
CardIQ Suite has substantial equivalent technological characteristics as its predicate devices.

GE HealthCare’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not
identify any new questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse
effects stemming from the changes to the predicates.

Based on development under GE HealthCare’s quality system, successful design verification,
software documentation for a "Basic Documentation Level", along with the engineering bench
testing GE HealthCare believes that the proposed CardIQ Suite is substantially equivalent to, and
hence as safe and as effective for its Intended Use as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                        11 of 11