January 13, 2025

Kico Knee Innovation Company Pty Ltd
℅ Stefanie Auf Der Mauer
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
Stefanie Michele Auf der Mauer Asmuss
22 Monfield
Rochestown, Cork T12C65D
Ireland

Re: K243950
    Trade/Device Name: ARVIS® Shoulder
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SBF, LLZ, QIH
    Dated: December 20, 2024
    Received: December 23, 2024

Dear Stefanie Auf Der Mauer:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243950 - Stefanie Auf Der Mauer                                                      Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE

K243950 - Stefanie Auf Der Mauer                                                      Page  3


by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                Shumaya Ali -S

                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative, Repair
                                           and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243950

Device Name
ARVIS® Shoulder


Indications for Use (Describe)
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for assisting the surgeon in the positioning and alignment of implants relative to reference
alignment axes and landmarks in stereotactic orthopedic surgery.

The system aids the surgeon in making intraoperative measurements and locating anatomical structures of the shoulder
joint based on the patient's preoperative imaging.

The system is intended to be used with the head mounted ARVIS® Eyepiece display for augmented reality visualization
and information, such as visualization of the preoperative plan and display of instrument and implant alignment
information. The augmented/ virtual displayed information should not be relied upon solely for absolute
positional/alignment information and should always be used in conjunction with the displayed stereotaxic information.

ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for total shoulder arthroplasty using the Enovis AltiVate, LimaCorporation PRIMA, and
LimaCorporation SMR implant systems.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Kico Knee Innovation Company Pty Ltd       K243950             ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


                           510(k) Summary

Prepared:         2025-01-08

1.  Submitter Information
Submitter:          Kico Knee Innovation Company Pty Ltd
                     Unit 1, 25 Frenchs Forest Rd E
                  Frenchs Forest NSW 2086
                      Australia
Submitter Contact:  Matthew Ryan
              VP R&D Surgical Automation and Visualization
                    Email: matthew.ryan@enovis.com
                  Phone: +1 949-290-8210
Correspondent:      Stefanie Auf der Mauer
                    Email: stefanie.aufdermauer@enovis.com
                  Phone: +353 85 759 1774

2.  Subject Device
Trade Name:      ARVIS® Shoulder
Regulation:        21 CFR 882.4560 – Stereotaxic Instrument
Classification Name: Orthopedic Augmented Reality
Product Code:      SBF, LLZ, QIH

3.  Predicate Device
510(k) Number:    K240062
Trade Name:      ARVIS® Shoulder
Submitter:            Insight Medical Systems, Inc.
Product Code:     OLO, LLZ, QIH

4.  Device Description Summary
ARVIS® Shoulder is a computer-controlled navigation system for shoulder arthroplasty.
It aids the surgeon in making intra-operative measurements and locating anatomical
structures of the shoulder joint based on the patient’s preoperative imaging to assist
with selection and positioning of orthopedic implant components. The system consists
of software, electronic hardware and surgical instruments.
The ARVIS® Eyepiece is mounted on the surgeon’s head and contains tracking
cameras that locate the positions of trackers on the patient and instruments. All system
measurements, instructions, prompts, and alerts are shown to the surgeon on the
Eyepiece display. The Eyepiece communicates with the Belt Pack which is worn by the
surgeon around their waist and houses the computer module that runs the ARVIS®
Shoulder application software.


510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 1 of 3

Kico Knee Innovation Company Pty Ltd       K243950             ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


The device’s workflow involves CT based preoperative planning followed by
intraoperative navigation and execution. The preoperative planning software enables
3D virtual implant positioning based on the patient’s CT reconstructed digital bone
model and bony landmarks. The shoulder navigation application software then matches
the patient’s digital bone model and landmarks to the intraoperative landmarks
registered by the surgeon, allowing an image-based navigation to follow. The surgeon
uses the plan data as guidance to navigate and help position shoulder instruments and
implants.
The preoperative planning platform uses AI-based automatic image segmentation and
landmarking algorithms. The algorithms and the data used to train and test these
remain unchanged from the original submission. The data used to train and test the
algorithms was labeled and validated in advance by trained experts. The total data
consisted of 300 CT scans (from 300 patients) acquired from candidates for shoulder
joint replacement surgery. The cohort was partitioned into two disjoint subsets through
random sampling, with 80% producing a training dataset and 20% constituting the test
dataset. The training dataset consisted of 240 CT scans (from 240 patients). Patient
ages ranged from 36 to 89 years (mean age of 70), with 46% male and 54% female. All
CT scans were acquired using FDA cleared CT scanners.

 5. Indications for Use
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for assisting the surgeon in the positioning and alignment
of implants relative to reference alignment axes and landmarks in stereotactic
orthopedic surgery.
The system aids the surgeon in making intraoperative measurements and locating
anatomical structures of the shoulder joint based on the patient's preoperative imaging.
The system is intended to be used with the head mounted ARVIS® Eyepiece display for
augmented reality visualization and information, such as visualization of the
preoperative plan and display of instrument and implant alignment information. The
augmented/ virtual displayed information should not be relied upon solely for absolute
positional/alignment information and should always be used in conjunction with the
displayed stereotaxic information.
ARVIS® Shoulder is indicated for total shoulder arthroplasty using the Enovis AltiVate,
LimaCorporation PRIMA, and LimaCorporation SMR implant systems.

6.  Indications for Use Comparison
The Indications for Use of the predicate device are maintained in the subject device.
The subject device expands the implant compatibility to include LimaCorporate
shoulder implant systems.
This compatibility difference does not result in a new intended use; the subject device
with extended compatibility is intended to be used in the same manner as the predicate
device. The difference in the Indications for Use does not affect the safety and
effectiveness of the subject device as demonstrated by testing.


510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 2 of 3

Kico Knee Innovation Company Pty Ltd       K243950             ARVIS® Shoulder 510(k) Submission


In line with the primary product code change, the subject device Indications for Use
were updated to include the system's use with the head mounted augmented reality
display.
7.  Technological Comparison
The subject device ARVIS® Shoulder is the same as the predicate (K240062) in
operating principle, main system components, materials, and navigation tracking
technology and accuracy.
The technological difference between the subject device and predicate is that the
subject device is compatible with additional implant systems. The device compatibility
has been verified with existing well-established methods. The results demonstrate that
the subject device is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared ARVIS®
Shoulder.

8.  Non-Clinical Tests Summary and Conclusions
The following performance tests were completed to demonstrate substantial
equivalence of safety and effectiveness with the predicate device:
      o Software Verification and Validation


Clinical testing was not required to demonstrate substantial equivalence.
Risk analysis and performance data provided in this submission demonstrate that
ARVIS® Shoulder is as safe, effective, and performs as well as its predicate device.


510(k) Summary                                                                   Page 3 of 3