June 5, 2025

GE Medical Systems, LLC
Emily Fang
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3200 N. Grandview Blvd
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K243667
    Trade/Device Name: Sonic DL
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: May 6, 2025
    Received: May 6, 2025


Dear Emily Fang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243667 - Emily Fang                                                                 Page 2


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K243667 - Emily Fang                                                                 Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K243667
Device Name
Indications for Use (Describe)
Sonic DL is a Deep Learning based reconstruction technique that is available for use on GE
HealthCare 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T MR systems. Sonic DL reconstructs MR images from highly undersampled data, and thereby enables highly accelerated acquisitions. Sonic DL is intended for imaging
patients of all ages. Sonic DL is not limited by anatomy and can be used for 2D cardiac cine imaging
and 3D Cartesian imaging using fast spin echo and gradient echo sequences. Depending on the
region of interest, contrast agents may be used.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Sonic DL
                                                                 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                         K243667
                          510(k) Summary
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92, the following summary of information is provided:

 Date                 November 25, 2024

 Submitter            GE Medical Systems, LLC
                       3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                       Waukesha, WI 53188

 Primary Contact          Emily Fang
                          Regulatory Affairs Leader
                        609-285-9878
                         Emily.Fang@gehealthcare.com

 Secondary Contact       Glen Sabin
                          Regulatory Affairs Director
                        262-894-4968
                         Glen.Sabin@gehealthcare.com

 Device Trade Name       Sonic DL

 Common/Usual Name   MR System

 Classification Name      Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device

 Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.1000

 Product Code          LNH

 Predicate Device(s)       Sonic DL (K223523)

Device Description
Sonic DL is a software feature intended for use with GE HealthCare MR systems. It includes a deep
learning based reconstruction algorithm that enables highly accelerated acquisitions by reconstructing
MR images from highly under-sampled data. Sonic DL is an optional feature that is integrated into the
MR system software and activated through purchasable software option keys.

                                            Sonic DL Cine                  Sonic DL 3D
     Pulse Sequence Compatibility             FIESTA Cine               Fast Spin Echo (3D FSE)
                                                                     Gradient Echo (3D GRE)
        Anatomic Coverage                    Cardiac                          All anatomies
      Field Strength Compatibility                 1.5T, 3.0T                     1.5T, 3.0T, 7.0T
        Contrast Compatibility                    Yes                           Yes
      Maximum Acceleration                 12                  Up to 12


                                       Page 1 of 6

Sonic DL
                                                                 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

Indications for Use
Sonic DL is a Deep Learning based reconstruction technique that is available for use on GE HealthCare
1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T MR systems. Sonic DL reconstructs MR images from highly under-sampled data, and
thereby enables highly accelerated acquisitions. Sonic DL is intended for imaging patients of all ages.
Sonic DL is not limited by anatomy and can be used for 2D cardiac cine imaging and 3D Cartesian imaging
using fast spin echo and gradient echo sequences. Depending on the region of interest, contrast agents
may be used.
Comparison of Technological Characteristics
The proposed Sonic DL feature that is the subject of this 510(k) is a modification to the earlier version of
the feature described in the predicate device submission, K223523. The predicate device used deep
learning convolutional neural networks to reconstruct MR images from highly under-sampled 2D cardiac
cine acquisitions (also known as “Sonic DL Cine”). The proposed Sonic DL feature has been extended to
include a new deep learning convolutional neural network for use with 3D Cartesian acquisitions (“Sonic
DL 3D”). The proposed Sonic DL includes both Sonic DL Cine, unchanged from the predicate device, and
the new Sonic DL 3D.
Summary of Nonclinical Testing
The Sonic DL 3D model has been evaluated using data generated from digital reference objects (DROs)
and MR scans of physical ACR phantoms. Comparative image quality metrics (Peak-Signal-to-Noise
(PSNR), Root-Mean-Square Error (RMSE), and Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM)), resolution,
and low contrast detectability were measured at varied acceleration factors, contrasts, and noise levels.
Measurements were taken using fully sampled data as reference and compared against a conventional
GE HealthCare acquisition scheme and reconstruction algorithm using ARC + HyperSense.

The nonclinical testing indicated that Sonic DL 3D at all acceleration factors (up to 12) demonstrated
PSNR and SSIM equal to or above 30dB and 0.8 respectively, preserved resolution grid structure and
resolution. Medium or high contrast detectability was retained at all accelerations, and low contrast
detectability was retained at lower acceleration factors but decreased as acceleration factor increased. In
comparison to conventional reconstruction methods, Sonic DL 3D exhibited comparable or better
performance in preserving small structures and low contrast detectability.

A task-based study using a convolutional neural network ideal observer (CNN-IO) was conducted to
further quantify the low contrast detectability of Sonic DL 3D. Compared to parallel imaging and zerofilled reconstructions, Sonic DL 3D had superior performance in every test condition. Detectability with
Sonic DL 3D decreased as the acceleration rate increased, but at a more gradual rate than parallel
imaging or zero-filling. Low contrast detectability with Sonic DL at the recommended acceleration rates
(tabulated below) was non-inferior to more modestly accelerated conventional reconstruction methods.
AUC analysis indicates that Sonic DL 3D at 8x has comparable low contrast detectability to parallel
imaging at 4x, and Sonic DL 3D at 12x is comparable in detectability to parallel imaging at 8x. While
average low contrast detectability is reduced at higher acceleration rates, the use of rates above those
recommended may be acceptable in certain clinical scenarios.

The stability of the Sonic DL 3D model was shown by reconstructing in vivo datasets including different
anatomies, contrasts, and field strengths, with previously unseen data inserted into the image. Images
were reconstructed at different acceleration factors with varied intensities and locations of the inserted

                                       Page 2 of 6

Sonic DL
                                                                 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

data. Results showed that dataset integrity was preserved across all cases, and the model exhibited a
low risk of hallucination.

Overall, Sonic DL 3D was shown to accelerate 3D MR acquisitions up to 12-fold while outperforming
conventional parallel imaging and compressed sensing at similar acceleration. The nonclinical testing did
not identify any adverse impacts to image quality or other concerns related to safety and performance at
the recommended acceleration rates; extreme acceleration rates were found to have decreased low
contrast detectability.
Summary of Clinical Testing
Quantitative Post Processing
Images were evaluated to confirm that the use of Sonic DL 3D does not adversely impact downstream
quantification. Volumetric measurements of key brain tissues were performed to assess whether Sonic
DL 3D images have similar quantitative analysis results compared to ARC + HyperSense images. Sonic DL
3D and ARC + HyperSense images were retrospectively generated from 15 fully-sampled data sets
acquired at GE HealthCare in Waukesha, USA from 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T scanners. Data was also generated
with and without AIR Recon DL to evaluate the compatibility of Sonic DL 3D and AIR Recon DL in the
reconstruction pipeline.

Across all sampling methods and quantitative measurements, it was found that the 95% confidence
interval for relative mean absolute error (MAE) was less than 5% for most regions and 3% for the
Hippocampal Occupancy Score (HOS). The 95% confidence interval for the intra-class correlation
coefficient exceeded 0.75 across all comparisons, aligning with acceptance criteria established in
published literature. This analysis highlights the robustness of Sonic DL 3D, and that Sonic DL 3D and AIR
Recon DL are mutually compatible at various acceleration factors.

Bland-Altman analysis confirmed that Sonic DL would not adversely impact quantification compared to
either the fully sampled acquisitions or the clinical standard ARC + HyperSense reconstructions. The
observed biases were small relative to the magnitude of the measured metrics, indicating minimal
differences between methods.

              Whole Brain Volume (mL)                              Cerebral White Matter Volume (mL)
                       Mean Diff     95% CI                            Mean Diff    95% CI
  Fully sampled vs ARC 2x1x1.2      1.1          [-4.4, 6.5]         Fully sampled vs ARC 2x1x1.2      -1.5        [-4.4, 1.5]
  Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 4        1.4          [-2.4, 5.3]         Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 4         -2.0        [-5.2, 1.3]
  Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 12       6.8          [-4.9, 18.6]        Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 12       -2.3       [-10.1, 5.5]
               Cortical Gray Matter Volume (mL)                                Ventricle Total Volume (mL)
                       Mean Diff     95% CI                            Mean Diff    95% CI
  Fully sampled vs ARC 2x1x1.2      3.0          [1.2, 4.9]          Fully sampled vs ARC 2x1x1.2      -0.1        [-0.3, 0.2]
  Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 4        3.2          [0.7, 5.6]          Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 4         -0.1        [-0.4, 0.1]
  Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 12       9.1          [2.1, 16.0]         Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 12       -0.2        [-0.8, 0.4]
             HOC Average Occupancy
                       Mean Diff     95% CI
  Fully sampled vs ARC 2x1x1.2     0.004     [-0.007, 0.014]
  Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 4       0.007     [-0.009, 0.023]
  Fully sampled vs Sonic DL 12     0.014     [-0.018, 0.046]


                                       Page 3 of 6

Sonic DL
                                                                 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

Clinical Evaluation Studies
Additionally, two Likert-score based clinical studies were performed using Sonic DL 3D images acquired
from clinical sites and from healthy volunteers scanned at GE HealthCare facilities. In one study, three
radiologists were asked to evaluate the diagnostic quality of images acquired and reconstructed with
Sonic DL 3D and with a comparator, ARC + HyperSense, for 120 de-identified cases of brain, spine, and
extremities as summarized below:

       Number of image series evaluated:  120
       Number of unique subjects:        54
                  Patients:                 48
                Healthy Volunteers:        6
          Sites contributing data:            7
               United States:             4
                Outside of United States:    3
        Gender of subjects
               Male:                   26
               Female:                  28
        Age range of subjects:              11-80 years
         Pathology:                          Subjects from clinical sites included examples
                                              of various pathologies representing a mixture
                                              of small, large, focal, diffuse, hyper- and hypointense lesions
         Contrast:                           Contrast agents were used in a subset of the
                                                data, as clinically indicated
        Equipment Used:               GE HealthCare 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T MR Systems

The results showed that Sonic DL 3D images are of diagnostic quality while yielding a substantial
reduction in the scan time compared to ARC + HyperSense images.

Radiologists were also asked to comment on the presence of any pathology in the images. Analysis of
these comments showed that images acquired and reconstructed with Sonic DL 3D agreed with those
obtained with ARC + HyperSense across various anatomical subgroups and field strengths. These results
demonstrate that pathology seen in the ARC + HyperSense images can be accurately retained in Sonic DL
3D images.

In a second study, three radiologists evaluated clinically relevant anatomic structures in Sonic DL 3D
brain images. The study included 120 additional cases retrospectively generated from 30 fully-sampled
acquisitions obtained at 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T field strengths. Each case was generated from fully sampled
data that was either (1) under-sampled to simulate Sonic DL 3D accelerations of 4 to 10 then
reconstructed with Sonic DL 3D or (2) under-sampled to simulate an ARC acceleration factor of 2x1 and a
HyperSense factor of 1.2. All cases were collected internally at GE HealthCare.

Despite the higher acceleration factors used, the Sonic DL 3D images received diagnostic scores in all
anatomic structures and at all acceleration factors investigated. The scores gradually declined with
increasing acceleration factors yet retained diagnostic quality overall. The results of this study confirm
that Sonic DL 3D provides diagnostic quality images at the range of acceleration factors studied.

                                       Page 4 of 6

Sonic DL
                                                                 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

Assessment of Representative Data
In addition to the clinical evaluations described above, supplementary testing was done to further
support broad use of Sonic DL 3D. Representative datasets with different anatomies, contrast weightings,
with/without contrast agent, orientations, with/without AIR Recon DL, and acceleration factors up to 12
were assessed for Sonic DL 3D and compared to standard clinically appropriate protocols using ARC +
HyperSense. Breast and liver data were collected from academic/clinical partners while the remaining
images were acquired on a volunteer cohort internal to GE HealthCare.

Assessment of the representative data confirmed that Sonic DL 3D performs well across varied imaging
conditions, retaining relevant anatomical details without structural losses or concerning artifacts.

Clinical Publications
The following peer-reviewed studies provide further quantitative and qualitative evidence of the ability
of Sonic DL to improve acquisition speed and/or resolution across various clinical applications in the
brain, joints, breast, prostate, and abdomen:

         [1] Shintaku T, Ide S, Nagaya H, Ishimoto Y, Watanabe K, Oyu K, et al. Improved assessment of
         juxtacortical lesions in multiple sclerosis using highly-accelerated high-resolution double
        inversion recovery MR imaging with deep learning-based reconstruction. Magn Reson Med Sci.
       2025.
         [2] Ishimoto Y, Shintaku T, Ide S, Watanabe K, Oyu K, Kasai S, et al. Improved assessment of
       microbleeds by highly-accelerated 3D SWAN imaging with deep learning-based reconstruction.
     ISMRM 2025.
         [3] Carretero L, Nunes B, Zhu X, Sanchez-Lacalle E, Sundaran D, Dholakia J, et al. 2-Minute 3D FSE
      Knee MRI with 10-fold accelerated Sonic DL – Rapid morphometric and qualitative assessment of
        Cartilage and Meniscus. ISMRM 2025.
         [4] Milshteyn E, Pohl M, Cochran RL, Gaddipati A, Venkatachari A, Kolupar T, et al. Evaluation of
       Accelerated 2D and 3D Acquisition Strategies for T2-Weighted MRI of the Prostate. ISMRM 2025.
         [5] Watanabe K, Kasai S, Umemura Y, Tatsuo S, Oyu K, Nozaki A, et al. 0.9mm isotropic 1min
     MPRAGE using highly-accelerated Deep learning Reconstruction for Brain Structural Analysis.
     ISMRM 2024.
         [6] Sato K, Tanaka S, Murayama R, Takayama Y, Nozaki A, Zhu X, et al. Fast hepatobiliary phase
       gadoxetate-enhanced imaging under breath-holding utilizing DL reconstruction (Sonic DL):
        preliminary experience. ISMRM 2025.
         [7] Wang P, Lu C, Keen K, Wilmes LJ, Chou SH, Chung M, et al. Shortening 3D T2-Weighted Breast
      MRI scan time using deep learning based reconstruction: A phantom and patient reader study.
     ISMRM 2025.
         [8] Sato K, Tanaka S, Murayama R, Takayama Y, Nozaki A, Zhu X, et al. Quadruple arterial phase
       dynamic EOB imaging using a novel DL reconstruction visualizing aortic wax and wane
      phenomenon: preliminary results. ISMRM 2025.

Recommended Acceleration Ranges
The following table summarizes the maximum acceleration factors tested and the recommended
acceleration ranges for each anatomical region. These values were established through comprehensive
performance evaluations including model observer testing, quantitative volumetric analysis, and clinical
image quality assessments.

                                       Page 5 of 6

Sonic DL
                                                                 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

                    Maximum         Recommended Default Acceleration Range
      Anatomy           Acceleration
                                                 1.5T              3.0T              7.0T                             Tested
         Brain               12              4 – 6            6 – 8           8 – 10
        Spine               12              4 – 6            6 – 8                      -
    Musculoskeletal           12              4 – 6           8 – 10           8 – 10
     Abdomen              12              4 – 6           8 – 10                     -
          Pelvis               12              4 – 6            6 – 8                      -
        Breast               10              4 – 6            6 – 8                      -

Conclusion Drawn from Performance Testing
The nonclinical and clinical testing demonstrated that Sonic DL 3D satisfies the product claims of
reducing scan time while preserving diagnostic image quality, providing acceleration factors up to 12,
and can enable the acquisition of higher resolution images with similar scan times.

Note that at very high acceleration factors, there may be a slight degradation in image quality affecting
detectability for small low contrast lesions. Clinicians should use their best judgement in making these
tradeoffs based on the specifics of the patient and clinical scenario, as is customary in clinical standard of
care.

The proposed Sonic DL feature has been developed under GE HealthCare’s quality management system
and is at least as safe and effective as the earlier version of Sonic DL that is the legally marketed
predicate device. For both the proposed Sonic DL feature and the predicate device, the primary question
of safety and effectiveness is that of image quality. Performance data that were collected demonstrate
the proposed Sonic DL feature provides an adequate level of image quality appropriate for diagnostic
use. The performance testing did not identify any new hazards, adverse effects, safety concerns, or
performance concerns that are significantly different from those associated with MR imaging in general.

Therefore, GE HealthCare believes that Sonic DL is substantially equivalent to the predicate device and is
safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Page 6 of 6