May 5, 2025


Pearl, Inc.
℅ Ashley Brown
Director of Regulatory Affairs
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K243893
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion® Pediatric
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: April 3, 2025
    Received: April 3, 2025


Dear Ashley Brown:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243893 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243893 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                               Assistant Director
                                            Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                             Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                           Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243893

Device Name

Second Opinion® Pediatric

Indications for Use (Describe)

Second Opinion® Pediatric is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid in the detection of caries in bitewing
and periapical radiographs.
The intended patient population of the device is patients aged 4 years and older that have primary or permanent teeth
(primary or mixed dentition) and are indicated for dental radiographs.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243893 510(K) SUMMARY


1.Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
(239) 450-8829
compliance@hellopearl.com

Contact Person: Ashley Brown

Position: Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs

Date Summary Prepared: May 2, 2025

2.Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion® Pediatric

3.Common or Usual Name

Analyzer, Medical Image

4.Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:     Medical Image Analyzer
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2070, Class II
Product Code:       MYN

5.Predicate Information
Predicate device: The primary proposed predicate device for clearance of Second
Opinion® Pediatric is the original Second Opinion device, by Pearl Inc., cleared on
March 04, 2022 (K210365) and classified as a Class II pursuant to 21 CFR
§892.2070, under product code MYN (Analyzer, Medical Image).

The cleared device is a computer aided detection (CADe) software device, indicated
for use by dental health professionals as an aid in their assessment of bitewing and
periapical radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older, as
second reader. The device utilizes computer vision technology, developed using
machine learning techniques, to identify and mark anatomy & pathology in bitewing
and periapical radiographs.

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate as the overall intended

use and nature of the software remains the same. The difference with the subject
  device is the addition of the patient age group of 4 years of age and older.


  6.Device Description
 Second Opinion Pediatric is a radiological, automated, computer- assisted detection
 (CADe) software intended to aid in the detection and segmentation of caries on
 bitewing and periapical radiographs. The device is not intended as a replacement
  for a complete dentist’s review or their clinical judgment which considers other
  relevant information from the image,  patient  history, or actual  in vivo  clinical
 assessment.


 Second Opinion Pediatric consists of three parts:
   ● Application Programing Interface (“API”)
   ● Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
   ● Client User Interface (UI) (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:
    1. Images are sent for processing via the API
    2. The API routes images to the ML modules
    3. The ML modules produce detection output
    4. The UI renders the detection output


 The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user
  interface and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine
  learning modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by
 the machine learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

 Second Opinion®  Pediatric uses machine  learning  to  detect  caries. Images
 received  by  the ML modules  are  processed  yielding  detections  which  are
 represented as metadata. The final output is made accessible to the API for the
 purpose of sending to the UI for visualization. Detected caries are displayed as
 polygonal overlays atop the original radiograph which indicate to the practitioner
 which teeth contain detected caries that may require clinical review. The clinician
 can toggle over the image to highlight a potential condition for viewing. Further, the
  clinician can hover over the detected caries to show a hover information box
  containing the segmentation of the caries in the form of percentages.

  7.Indications for Use

Second Opinion® Pediatric is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid in
 the detection of caries in bitewing and periapical radiographs.

 The intended patient population of the device is patients aged 4 years and older that
 have primary or permanent teeth (primary or mixed dentition) and are indicated for
 dental radiographs.

 8.Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
  The predicate devices and subject device are similar devices in the following ways:

      1) Intended use: Both devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians in
          their review of caries lesions in bitewing and periapical radiographs of
       permanent teeth. The difference between the subject and predicate is the
       expanded age group to include 4+ in the subject.
      2) Technology characteristics: Both devices employ computer vision and machine
         learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
        processing, and display caries lesions within a user interface with a graphical
         overlay over radiographs.
      3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate devices are software systems,
         neither pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for
        both devices, subject and predicate, are potential false positives and false
        negatives which could result in a temporary non-serious injury. In the case of
       each device, users are not meant to rely solely on detection output for clinical
        decision-making.
      4) Clinical Performance: Both devices have undergone clinical studies which
        demonstrate statistically significant improvement in performance.


Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion® Pediatric with the predicate devices.

                                                   Primary Predicate                       Subject Device
                                              Second Opinion             Second Opinion® Pediatric                                                  K210365
  Manufacturer              Pearl Inc.                         Pearl Inc.

  Classification            892.2070                      892.2070

 Product Code          MYN                  MYN

   Image                Radiograph                    Radiograph
  Modality

  Intended Use    Dental CADe to aid in dental      Dental CADe to aid in dental
                    radiograph review by HCP        radiograph review by HCP

Full IFU     Second Opinion® Pediatric is a   Second Opinion® is a computer
                                                  aided detection (“CADe”) software                    computer aided detection
                                                             to identify and mark regions in
                   ("CADe”) software to aid in the
                                                               relation to suspected dental
                     detection of caries in bitewing                                                           findings which include Caries,
                  and periapical radiographs.     Discrepancy at the margin of an
                                                            existing restoration, Calculus,
                The intended patient population
                                                         Periapical radiolucency, Crown
                      of the device is patients aged 4                                                            (metal, including zirconia &
                      years and older that have         non-metal), Filling (metal &
                     primary or permanent teeth    non-metal), Root canal, Bridge and
                    (primary or mixed dentition) and               Implants.
                       are indicated for dental                                                                                         It is designed to aid dental health
                             radiographs.             professionals to review bitewing
                                              and periapical radiographs of
                                               permanent teeth in patients 12
                                                  years of age or older as a second
                                                                    reader.

  Intended body              Dental                           Dental
        part
   Technology   Automated, CADe software that   Automated, CADe software that
                            utilizes machine learning            utilizes machine learning

      Device        Detection & display of caries    Detection and display of anatomy
    Description    lesions in intraoral radiographs     and pathologies in intraoral
                                                             radiographs


  9.Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices
   The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate device is the
   automatic detection and display of caries lesions using machine learning.

   The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

          •  Both are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
          •  Both devices are designed to process digital intraoral bitewing and periapical
          radiographs.
          •  Both devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for
          caries lesions display.
          •  Both devices display caries within the user interface with a graphical overlay on
          the radiograph.
          •  Both devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.
          •  Both devices are considered to be of “moderate” level of software concern.
          •  Both devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

The candidate and predicate devices technologically differ as follows: The candidate
 device includes only caries detection whereas the predicate includes the detection of
 several types of dental restorations as well. These differences in features available do not
 raise any concerns about the safety or efficacy of the device as compared to the predicate.

 10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

 Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone clinical study. The
 results of the study showed the system is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.
 When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion® Pediatric are
 weighed against one another, the weight of benefits significantly exceeds that of risks.
 This judgment can be made based on review of the submitted materials showing that
 Second Opinion® Pediatric meets the design verification and validation requirements. It is
 thus concluded that Second Opinion® Pediatric can be considered safe and effective, in
 comparison to the predicate, such that the device will aid users in the indicated user
 population in their radiographic review of caries lesions.

 11.  Cybersecurity
 Pearl developed Security controls and processes in accordance with FDA Guidance -
 Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
 Premarket Submissions dated September 2023. These processes are used in both the
 development of Second Opinion® Pediatric and in post-market surveillance to ensure the
 product upholds the highest standards of privacy and security.

 12.Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
 The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
 device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
 Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
 applicable to this device.


 13.Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed
The effectiveness of Second Opinion® Pediatric was evaluated in a standalone
performance assessment to validate the inclusion of caries lesion detection in
pediatric patients 4-11 years of age.

The effectiveness of Second Opinion® Pediatric was evaluated in a standalone
performance assessment to validate the CAD. The standalone retrospective study
of 1182 radiographic images containing 1085 caries lesions on 549 abnormal
images assessed the sensitivity of caries detection of Second Opinion® Pediatric
compared to the Ground Truth.

The key results from this study are:
      •  The study met the primary endpoint, where Second Opinion® Pediatric
         sensitivity was > 75% for bitewing and periapical images.
      •  The secondary endpoints supported the conclusion of the primary endpoint.

In the 1182 images included in the standalone clinical study, there were 942 LL
identified by Second Opinion® Pediatric, with a mean of 1.8 LL per image. The
mean (range) Second Opinion® Pediatric rating of LLs was 0.96 (0.31, 1.00).
There were 1445 NL identified by Second Opinion® Pediatric, with a mean of 2.1
NL per image. The mean (range) Second Opinion rating of NLs was 0.74 (0.31,
1.00). On normal images (no true caries identified on the image), there were 538
(1.8 per image) NL identified by Second Opinion® Pediatric for caries overall.

The z-score analysis of the lesion level sensitivity for caries detection showed the
estimated lesion level sensitivity (95% CI) was 0.87 (0.84, 0.90). The test that the
sensitivity was greater than 70% was statistically significant (p-value: <0.0001).
The FPPI (95% CI) was 1.22 (1.14, 1.30), wAFROC FOM (95% CI) was 0.86 (0.84,
0.88), HR-ROC FOM was 0.94 (0.93, 0.96) and the LS mean Dice Score (95% CI)
was 0.76  (0.75,  0.77).  All  additional accuracy measures support the primary
endpoint and demonstrate  the  high accuracy  of Second Opinion®  Pediatric,
including the LS mean Dice score lower bound of the CI > 0.70.

The lesion level sensitivity, FPPI, HR-ROC FOM, wAFROC FOM and Dice score
(segmentation accuracy) and their associated 95% CI.

The  results  of  the standalone  clinical  testing  of Second Opinion®  Pediatric
demonstrate that the caries detection performance of Second Opinion® Pediatric is
comparable to that of primary predicate Second Opinion®.

 14.Comparison to Predicate Clinical Outcomes
 Predicate: Original Second Opinion

 Standalone testing demonstrated that Second Opinion performed comparably to unaided
 readers in detecting pathologic and restoration features, based on Jaccard Index of > 0.4
 for lesion localization.

 • Jaccard Index of 0.4 corresponds to an overlap area between the device’s outputs
   and truth of 57% in theory. Using Jaccard Index of 0.4 leads to the device’s
    standalone performance wAFROC-FOM 95% CI (0.73, 0.79), (0.71, 0.78), (0.78,
    0.85) and (0.75,0.84) for Caries, margin discrepancy (MD), Calculus, and
    periapical radiolucency (PR) with consensus truthing method, respectively.

• Jaccard Index of 0.5 corresponds to an overlap area between the device’s outputs
   and truth of 67% in theory. Using Jaccard Index of 0.5 leads to the device’s
    standalone performance wAFROC-FOM 95% CI (0.61, 0.68), (0.62, 0.68), (0.75,
    0.81) and (0.69,0.78) for Caries, MD, Calculus, and PR with consensus truthing
    method, respectively.

 The standalone sensitivity and false positive rate were also assessed:

  • Sensitivity defined as the number of dental pathologies (of a given type) detected
    as a percentage of the same type of GT pathologies on a given slide. o Range
    76.39% – 89.77%

  • False positive rate, defined as the number of false positive findings of a given type
     identified on a given slide and expressed in terms of FPPI (false positive per
     image).
      o Range 0.46 – 4.85


 15.Conclusions
Conclusion: Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion® Pediatric
and its predicate device, Second Opinion®, are deemed to have similar intended
uses as devices which aid in the detection of caries that can appear in dental
radiographic   imagery.  Second  Opinion®   Pediatrics’   clinical    trial   results
demonstrated that the device effectively performs as well as the predicate device.