May 30, 2025


Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.
Aarti Shukla
Regulatory Affairs Manager
2881 Scott Blvd
Santa Clara, California 95050


Re: K243863
    Trade/Device Name: Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 28, 2025
    Received: April 29, 2025


Dear Aarti Shukla:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243863 - Aarti Shukla                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243863 - Aarti Shukla                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

     N  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       F  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 FDG-PET/ CT image interpretation.
 The algorithm is assistive, and requires a radiologist review, who will make the final decision on

 Lymphoma Precision annotated images can be reviewed by an appropriately trained physician.
 used in addition to the standard of care image interpretation of FDG-PET/CT scans. OpulusT
 suspected lesions and calculation of total volume of all lesions in a body. This information can be
 OpulusT " Lymphoma Precision is used to assist trained interpreting physicians with visualization of

 lymphomas.
 metabolic tumor volume within whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans of patients with FDG-avid
 automate segmentation and visualization of lesions along with automation of measurement of total
 OpulusT" Lymphoma Precision is a software device that uses a machine learning-based algorithm to
Indications for Use (Describe)

 OpulusTM Lymphoma Precision
Device Name
 IK243863

Submission Number (if known)
                   Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement below.
                           Food and Drug Administration                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
             DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

K243863


         Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision 510(k) Summary


This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance

with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.


 Submitter Name              Roche Molecular Systems, Inc.
                             2881 Scott Blvd
 Address
                                 Santa Clara, CA 95050 USA
                                   Aarti Shukla
                                 Regulatory Affairs Manager, RIS
 Contact                       Phone: (408) 705-7215
                                 Fax: (925) 225-0207
                                 aarti.shukla@roche.com
 Date Prepared               December 16, 2024
 Proprietary Name             Automated Total Metabolic Tumor Volume (aTMTV)
 Common Name               Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision
 Classification Name           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2050

 Regulatory Class                    II
 Product Codes               QIH, Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                              NS-HGlio, K221738
 Predicate Device

1.     DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is an assistive tool which can be used by physicians to automate

the labor intensive task of quantifying disease burden in whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans of

patients already diagnosed with FDG-avid lymphomas. It does so by using a machine learning

methodology to localize and segment FDG-PET activity (‘hot-spots’ on FDG-PET scans) of

lymphoma lesions within a PET/CT image. Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision does not screen for

or diagnose lymphoma. It is intended for patients already diagnosed with FDG-avid lymphoma.

The following is a list of key functionalities algorithm performs to accomplish the proposed

intended use.

  ●  localization and segmentation,

  ●  visualization of lymphoma-related tumor lesions

  ●  quantification of Total Metabolic Tumor Volume (TMTV)


Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision aids the efficiency of medical professionals by automatically

generating tumor boundary Regions of Interest (ROIs) and quantifying TMTV, which is a tedious

task when performed manually. The physician has the option to accept/reject the output

generated by the device. The user does not have the ability to modify the device output.


2.     INDICATIONS FOR USE

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is a software device that uses a machine learning-based

algorithm to automate segmentation and visualization of lesions along with automation of

measurement of total metabolic tumor volume within whole-body FDG-PET/CT scans of

patients with FDG-avid lymphomas.

Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision is used to assist trained interpreting physicians with

visualization of suspected lesions and calculation of total volume of all lesions in a body. This

information can be used in addition to the standard of care image interpretation of FDG-PET/CT

scans. Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision annotated images can be reviewed by an appropriately

trained physician.

The algorithm is assistive, and requires a radiologist review, who will make the final

decision on FDG-PET/ CT image interpretation.

3.     COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

                                                              NS-HGlio    Feature/function    Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision
                                                                        (predicate device)                                   (subject device)

  Model Type               Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning     Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning
                       (AI/ML) Algorithm                    (AI/ML) Algorithm

  Patient population      Patients already pathologically diagnosed   Patients already pathologically diagnosed to
                          with FDG-avid lymphomas               have brain tumors

  Input                  Standard DICOM format - PET with the    Standard DICOM format - four different
                            associated attenuation correction CT     MRI sequences

  Output                Report and image overlay                 Report and image overlay

  Segmentation         Segments disease related tracer uptake in   Segments disease related contrast
                      FDG-avid lymphomas                    uptake and FLAIR image intensity
                                                                changes in high-grade gliomas (HGG)

  Visualization           Overlay of segmentation mask on input     Overlay of segmentation mask on input MRI
                     PET/CT images                         images

  Quantification         Volumetric measurements derived from     Volumetric measurements derived
                        segmented lymphoma disease burden      from segmented HGG disease burden

  Ground truth          Reference standard (ground truth) was      Reference standard (ground truth) was
  Establishment           established using three US board certified   established using three board certified
                             radiologists/nuclear medicine physicians    neuroradiologists with expertise in
                          with expertise in identifying and             identifying and segmenting high grade
                         segmenting FDG-avid lymphoma related    gliomas
                          uptake


4.    PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

Safety and performance of Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision have been evaluated and verified in

accordance with software specifications and applicable performance standards through software

verification and validation testing. The software verification and validation activities were

performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006/AC:2015 - Medical device software – Software

life cycle processes, in addition to the FDA Guidance document, “Content of Premarket

Submissions for Device Software Functions” June 14, 2023.

The performance validation study of the OpulusTM Lymphoma Precision algorithm included 182

unique patients’ FDG-PET/CT scans with various gender, ethnicity and age that were representative

of the Intended Use and population for the algorithm. The respective FDG-PET/CT scans were

obtained from multiple geographical locations across the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, and

Taiwan, using scanners from different manufacturers and models including GE, Siemens, Philips.

The Performance validation study data was a fully independent dataset from the training and

characterization datasets: FDG-PET/CT scans came from an independent set of patients and the

manual reads were performed by an independent pool of radiologists. Further, the performance

validation dataset was not available to the algorithm developers during the algorithm training.


                  Patient Characteristic                     Percentage (%)

                                          Gender

                 Female                                         34.6%

                Male                                          65.4%

                                                   Ethnicity

                   Hispanic Or Latino                                1.6%

                 Not Hispanic Or Latino                            96.2%

                 Not Reported                                    1.6%

               Unknown                                       0.5%

                                       Age groups

                <40 y                                          11.0%

                  40-49 y                                         11.5%

                  50-59 y                                        17.0%

                  60-69 y                                        28.0%

                >=70 y                                         32.4%


Reference standard (ground truth) was established using three radiologists/nuclear medicine

physicians with expertise in interpreting PET/CT scans from patients with FDG-avid lymphoma.

The ground truth for each scan was based on the independent input from three radiologists

randomly selected from a pool of nine radiologists.

The objectives of the performance validation study were to demonstrate agreement of TMTV
quantitative estimates between aTMTV and manual (mTMTV), confirming that there is an

acceptable difference between aTMTV and mTMTV and accuracy in lesion segmentation by

comparing aTMTV-generated contours and ground truth. The dataset was evaluated using

metrics of absolute agreement between the Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision algorithm output and
the ground truth TMTV under cubic root, as well as with the Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC).

The mean difference between Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision algorithm and the ground truth

was -0.20 cm (95% CI, cm: -0.50, 0.10) for TMTV values < 2.5 cm, and -0.23 cm (95% CI, cm:

-0.38, -0.09) for TMTV values ≥ 2.5 cm. The mean DSC score was 0.70 (95% CI, 0.66, 0.73).


5.     CONCLUSIONS

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications

for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, Opulus™ Lymphoma Precision

algorithm raises no new questions of safety or effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to

the predicate device.