February 14, 2025

Brainomix Limited
Delanyo Mensah
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
First Floor, Seacourt Tower
West Way
Oxford, OX2 0JJ
United Kingdom

Re: K243294
    Trade/Device Name: Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: October 18, 2024
    Received: January 17, 2025

Dear Delanyo Mensah:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243294 - Delanyo Mensah                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K243294 - Delanyo Mensah                                                            Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243294

Device Name
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS


Indications for Use (Describe)
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician in the
assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

The software automatically registers images and uses an atlas to segment and analyze ASPECTS regions. Brainomix 360
e-ASPECTS extracts image data from individual voxels in the image to provide analysis and computer analytics and
relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial
intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) score.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup for
evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions affected which is reflected in
the total score. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides information that may be useful in the characterization of ischemic
brain tissue injury during image interpretation (within 24 hours from time last known well).

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist assessment by
providing highlighted ASPECTS regions and an automated editable ASPECTS score for clinician review. Brainomix 360
e-ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of the voxels contributing to and excluded from the automated
ASPECTS score, and a calculation of the voxel volume contributing to ASPECTS score.

Limitations:
 1. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images. It is used to assist physician
evaluation.
2. The Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS score should be only used for ischemic stroke patients following the standard of care.
3. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations aged over 21
years.
4. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a mobile platform are
compressed preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.
5. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on Siemens Somatom Definition scanners.

Contraindications/ Exclusions/Cautions:
* Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
* Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                             Page 1 of 2                                                      PSC Pubshing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                             Page 2 of 2

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom
            K243294

                    510(K) Summary
       Brainomix Limited – Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS


 Date Prepared:             13Feb2025
 Applicant’s Name:            Brainomix Limited
 Applicant’s Address:             First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                               Oxford, OX2 0JJ
                              United Kingdom
 Official Contact:             Delanyo Mensah
                           +44 (0) 7375 967 695
                             regulatory@brainomix.com
 Device Proprietary Name:     Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
 Regulation Name:              Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions
                                 suspicious of cancer
 Regulatory Class:               Class II
 Product Code:             POK
 Regulation Number:         21 C.F.R. §892.2060

 1. Predicate Device


 Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is Substantially Equivalent to the following Legally Marketed device:

 Trade Name: Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
 Manufacturer: Brainomix Limited
 Regulation Number: 21 C.F.R. §892.2060
 Regulatory Class: Class II
 Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of
 cancer
 Product Code: POK
 Submission Number: K221564

2. Reference Device


 Trade Name: Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
 Manufacturer: iSchemaView, Inc.
 Regulation Number: 21 C.F.R. §892.2060
 Regulatory Class: Class II
 Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of
 cancer

 Product Code: POK
 Submission Number: K232156


                                                                      P a g e | 1

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


3. Device Description


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS (also referred to as e-ASPECTS in this submission) is a medical image
visualization and processing software package compliant with the DICOM standard and running on an
off-the-shelf physical or virtual server.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS allows for the visualization, analysis and post-processing of DICOM
compliant Non-contrast CT (NCCT) images which, when interpreted by a trained physician or medical
technician, may yield information useful in clinical decision making.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a stand-alone software device which uses machine learning algorithms to
automatically process NCCT brain image data to provide an output ASPECTS score based on the
Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS) guidelines.


The post-processing image results and ASPECTS score are identified based on regional imaging
features and overlayed onto brain scan images. e-ASPECTS provides an automatic ASPECTS score
based on the input CT data for the physician. The score includes which ASPECTS regions are identified
based on regional imaging features derived from NCCT brain image data. The results are generated
based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS) guidelines and provided to the clinician
for review and verification. At the discretion of the clinician, the scores may be adjusted based on the
clinician’s judgment.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS can connect with other DICOM-compliant devices, for example to transfer
NCCT scans from a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) to Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
software for processing.


Results and images can be sent to a PACS via DICOM transfer and can be viewed on a PACS workstation
or via a web user interface on any machine contained and accessed within a hospital network and
firewall and with a connection to the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS software (e.g. a LAN connection).


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS notification capabilities enable clinicians to preview images through a
mobile application or via e-mail.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS email notification capabilities enable clinicians to preview images via e-mail
notification with result image attachments. Images that are previewed via e-mail are compressed, are
for informational purposes only, and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Notified clinicians are responsible
for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient
evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or
requests.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides an automated workflow which will automatically process image
data received by the system in accordance with pre-configured user DICOM routing preferences.


Once received, image processing is automatically applied. Once any image processing has been
completed, notifications are sent to pre-configured users to inform them that the image processing


                                                                      P a g e | 2

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


results are ready. Users can then access and review the results and images via the web user interface
case viewer or PACS viewer.


The core of e-ASPECTS algorithm (excluding image loading or result output format) can be summarised
in the following 3 key steps of the processing pipeline:

    1.  Pre-processing: brain extraction from the three dimensional (3D) non-enhanced contrast CT
      head dataset and its reorientation/normalization by 3D spatial registration to a standard
       template space.

    2.  Delineation of the 20 (10 for each cerebral hemisphere) pre-defined ASPECTS regions of
        interest on the normalized 3D image.

    3.  Image feature extraction and heatmap generation which consists of the computation of
       numerical values characterizing brain tissue, apply a trained predictive model to those
        features and generate a 3D heatmap from the models output for highlighting regions
        contributing towards the ASPECTS score.


The Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS module is made available to the user through the Brainomix 360
platform. The Brainomix 360 platform is a central control unit which coordinates the execution image
processing modules which support various analysis methods used in clinical practice today:

    •   Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS (K221564) (predicate device)
    •   Brainomix 360 e-CTA (K192692)
    •   Brainomix 360 e-CTP (K223555)
    •   Brainomix 360 e-MRI (K231656)
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH (K231195)
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage LVO (K231837)
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke (K232496)

4. Clinical Characteristics


The primary users of the Brainomix 360 platform are medical imaging professionals. The outputs
generated by Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS may be used by clinicians to inform onward treatment
decisions as part of a wider set of other imaging to identify signs of ischemic damage on a per-voxel
basis and relate these to ASPECTS regions to determine a per-ASPECTS region result and an overall
ASPECTS score. Clinicians can edit the automated ASPECTS score based on their interpretation of both
the unprocessed NCCT scan and the e-ASPECTS processing results. The following figure provides a
general layout of the ASPECTS display image as provided from Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS.


                                                                      P a g e | 3

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the
clinician in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.


The software automatically registers images and uses an atlas to segment and analyze ASPECTS
regions. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS extracts image data from individual voxels in the image to provide
analysis and computer analytics and relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The
imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECTS
(Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) score.


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging
workup for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions
affected which is reflected in the total score. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides information that may
be useful in the characterization of ischemic brain tissue injury during image interpretation (within 24
hours from time last known well).


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist
assessment by providing highlighted ASPECTS regions and an automated editable ASPECTS score for
clinician review. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of the voxels
contributing to and excluded from the automated ASPECTS score, and a calculation of the voxel
volume contributing to ASPECTS score.


Limitations:


    1.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images. It is used to
         assist physician evaluation.
    2.  The Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS score should be only used for ischemic stroke patients following
       the standard of care.


                                                                      P a g e | 4

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


    3.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient
       populations aged over 21 years.
    4.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a
       mobile platform are compressed preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.
    5.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on Siemens Somatom
        Definition scanners.


Contraindications/ Exclusions/Cautions:

    •   Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
       inadequate.
    •  Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.

6. Technological Characteristics


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS principal workflow for NCCT includes the following key steps:

    •  NCCT image loading.

    •  Automated image analysis and processing to identify and visualize the voxels which have been
       included in the ASPECTS score and the voxels which have been excluded from the ASPECTS
       score (also referred to as a ‘heatmap’).

    •  Automated image analysis and processing to register the subject image to an atlas to segment
      and highlight ASPECTS regions and to display whether or not each region is qualified as
        contributing to the ASPECTS score.

    •   Notifications and alerts sent to users.

    •   Generation of a summary results report.

    •   Presentation of results for review and analysis by users.


Once the user has been notified of availability of the ASPECTS results, including the ASPECTS score,
indication of affected side, affected ASPECTS regions and voxel-wise analysis (shown as a heatmap of
voxels ’contributing to e-ASPECTS score’ and a heatmap of voxels ‘excluded from e-ASPECTS score’)
can be exported as a report and/or sent to the PACS.

7. Performance Data

7.1  Summary of Digital Phantom Validation Activities


Digital phantom evaluation was performed to validate the “volume contributing to e-ASPECTS" output
as calculated by Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS where performance criteria were derived from the
literature (Cereda, et al., 2016). For the comparison of the volumes computed by the sum of the voxels
contributing to the e-ASPECTS score against the synthetic volumes (n=110, synth datasets) of the
digital phantom values, 3 metrics were derived and assessed against a performance requirement value
previously derived from the literature. Those metrics with their associated threshold were 1) absolute
bias of the difference between volumes computed and ground truth (< 12 mL); 2) the standard


                                                                      P a g e | 5

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


deviation (SD) of the difference between volumes computed and the ground truth (< 19 mL); and 3)
Pearson’s correlation between volume contributing to e-ASPECTS and known phantom volumes (>
0.86). The testing demonstrated that all 3 performance criteria were met and evidenced a good
agreement between the synthetic digital phantom volumetric values (mL) and the calculated
volumetric values (mL) by Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS. This is summarized in Table 1 below.


     Metric Name            Value                  Criteria                Pass/Fail
 Absolute Bias (upper          7.61               <12                  Pass
      95% CI)
  Standard deviation           1.99               <19                  Pass
    (upper 95% CI)


       Pearson’s              0.993                >0.86                 Pass
     correlation – r
    (lower 95% CI)
 Table 1 Summary of the results for performance evaluation with the 3 metrics (name, value, criteria)

7.2  Summary of Standalone Performance Testing


Standalone performance testing was conducted to comply with special controls for this device type.
Standalone performance  testing demonstrated  that the proposed  device  provides  accurate
representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and
perturbations associated with the intended use of the software. The stand-alone performance testing
demonstrates the generalized performance for a range of typical patient demographics which is the
same as for the predicate device. The standalone performance dataset was additionally enriched to
include a greater number of cases within late time-window sub-groups and cases with and without
large vessel occlusions. Ground truth was determined by the consensus of three board-certified US
neuroradiologists.


The standalone performance testing dataset comprised 137 non-contrast CT scans from patients
scanned for suspected acute ischemic stroke, from 3 different USA institutions. The data was
distributed from Siemens (75), GE (32), Philips (16) and Toshiba (14). Patients were admitted between
March 2012 and August 2023. The median age was 70 years, and 51% were female. The distribution
by race/ethnicity was that 35.5%(50) of patients were white, 10.2% (14) were Black/African America,
5.8% (8) were Hispanic or Latino, 1 (0.7%) was Asian, 1 (0.7%) was American Indian/ Native American,
2.2% (3) were Other and 43.8% (60) were unknown. Median NIHSS was 18 with an interquartile range
of 11 to 22. 91 patients (66%) presented within 6 hours of time last seen well, 21 (15%) presented
between 6 and 16 hours, 13 (9.5%) presented between over 16 hours and 12 (9%) were unknown
onset time. 80 patients (58%) had an acute ICA or MCA large vessel occlusion (‘with LVO’) and 57 (42%)
did not (‘without LVO’).


Region-level sensitivity, specificity, and AUC were calculated. Overall performance in 137 showed an
area under the curve (AUC) of 83% (95% CI: 80-86%), with a sensitivity of 69% (56-75%) and a
specificity of 97% (80-97%). Case-level agreement, positive percentage agreement, and negative
percentage agreement were analyzed for the overall cohort and for individual ASPECT regions and
compared to pairwise agreement between the three truthers. The detailed results are reported in the
labeling.


                                                                      P a g e | 6

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


The standalone performance testing demonstrated that the e-ASPECTS performance generalized to a
range of clinically-relevant subgroups (including stratification by time-window, LVO status, age,
gender and clinical site). Consistent performance was also observed between the grouped cortical
ASPECTS regions compared to grouped basal ganglia ASPECTS regions. Detailed performance testing
results including these subgroups as well as performance for each ASPECTS region are reported in the
labeling.

7.3  Summary of Reader Performance Testing


A multiple reader multiple case (MRMC) study was conducted to assess the impact of support from
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS on reader performance. The reader study evaluated the performance of 7
clinical readers (1 ‘expert’ neuroradiologist, and 6 ‘non-expert’ radiologists or neurologists) when
scoring the ASPECTS for 140 clinically-representative NCCT scans with and without the support of
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS. Ground truth was determined by the consensus of three board-certified US
neuroradiologists.


The reader study dataset comprised 140 NCCT scans from patients scanned in the clinical context of
suspected acute stroke. Of these, 66 patients (47%) had confirmed LVO in the ICA or MCA M1; 56
(40%) had suspected stroke without LVO; and 18 (13%) were confounder or stroke mimic cases, with
an alternative diagnosis to acute stroke and additional radiological findings. The median age was 68
years and 47% were female. Median NIHSS was 18 (interquartile range: 10-22). 78 patients (56%) were
scanned within 6 hours of time since symptom onset (or last known well); 22 patients (16%) were
between 6-16 hours; 12 patients (9%) were over 16 hours; and 28 patients (20%) had unknown time
of onset. The data was distributed from Siemens (79), GE (36), Philips (19) and Toshiba (6).


Comparison of the area under the curve (AUC) for readers with and without e-ASPECTS support
showed a statistically significant improvement of 6.4%, from 78% without e-ASPECTS to 85% with eASPECTS (p=.03), which was the primary outcome measure of the study. This was driven by an
improvement in sensitivity (from 61% to 72%), and a small improvement in specificity (from 96% to
98%). Cohen’s Kappa and weighted Kappa also improved significantly with versus without e-ASPECTS.


Subgroup analyses showed that the improvements were driven by change in performance by nonexpert readers (radiologists and neurologists); the improvement was smaller but consistent positive
in the expert reader (neuroradiologist). Stratification of cases was conducted and demonstrated an
improvement  in reader performance when aided by the  device, though the performance
improvement was not  statistically  significant, consistently across  clinically-relevant subgroups,
including by time since onset, LVO status, age, gender, and clinical site.


Out of 126 reads (18 confounder cases times seven readers), 18 reads (14.3%) changed when
e-ASPECTS was used. 12 cases were not scored 10 with e-ASPECTS support compared to 10
without e-ASPECTS support. However, the misinterpretations by readers without e-ASPECTS
support were of higher magnitude (ASPECTS scores of 4,5, or 6), compared to with e-ASPECTS (8 or
9), therefore no clinically significant impact was observed. Hence, the reads changed with versus
without e-ASPECTS, as readers tended to be more accurate when e-ASPECTS support was available.


As the study used retrospective data, there were no specific safety endpoints in the reader study.


                                                                      P a g e | 7

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


This study demonstrates substantial equivalence of the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS software for
improving reader performance, compared to the predicate device. The results showed statistically
significant improvement in the agreement between the readers and a reference standard when using
the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS software compared to routine clinical practice.

8. Prescriptive Statement


Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

9. Safety and Effectiveness


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part
820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with ISO
14971:2019 (risk management).

10.  Cybersecurity


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been designed to follow the FDA Cybersecurity Guidance and IEC 81001-
5-1.

11.  Substantial Equivalence


The subject device, Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS, provides new claims based on the comprehensive
software verification and validation activities performed. The substantial equivalence comparison
table (below) summarizes and compares the characteristics of the proposed and the predicate device,
along with the reference device.


The proposed device (Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS), predicate (Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS, K221564) and
reference device (Rapid ASPECTS  (v3), K232156) are software packages that  assist the user
(neuroradiologist/ clinician) in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using
non-contrast CT brain image data. The proposed device includes similar NCCT processing features and
technological  characteristics as compared to the predicate  device, which provides  viewing,
quantification, analysis and reporting capabilities based on acquired DICOM compliant medical image
data. The proposed and predicate device segment and analyze ASPECTS regions to aid in evaluation
of adult patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup, for evaluation of extent of disease.
Therefore, the proposed device has substantially similar intended use and indications for use
compared to the predicate device.


Where the proposed device differs from the predicate device are:

    •   Voxel volume contributing to ASPECTS score: the proposed device displays a calculation of the
      volume of the voxels contributing to ASPECTS score which was not present in the predicate.
      The heatmap does not have an impact on clinical decisions beyond aiding the understanding
        of the automated ASPECTS score and as such, no risks associated with the use of the voxel
      volume feature have been identified. Validation of the heatmaps and resulting volumes of the


                                                                      P a g e | 8

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


        voxels identified as contributing towards the ASPECTS score has been extensively validated
       through digital phantom testing, which corroborates that the proposed device is safe and
        effective and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

    •  Removal of gating conditions: the proposed device removes a gating condition by which the
       user must confirm that the patient is confirmed with having an MCA or ICA occlusion. The
       performance of ASPECTS scoring was validated by comparing radiological ground truth in
        patients with suspected stroke and demonstrated that the proposed device improves the
       performance of representative users when evaluating ASPECTS in patients with suspected
        stroke. The dataset included cases with and without large vessel occlusion (LVO), and a subset
        of cases with alternative final diagnoses that are commonly encountered confounders in the
       population of suspected stroke patients. Therefore, the removal of the gating condition in
       proposed device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the
        predicate device.

    •   Extension of use to 24 hours: the proposed device extends the timeframe of the device’s
        usefulness to 24 hours since the patient is last known to be well. This change does not
       introduce any new or unanswered questions of safety and effectiveness of the device as
        validated through clinical study. The study included data from a broad range of times after last
      known well, including patients with a time since onset unknown up to 24 hours.


12.  Substantial Equivalence Comparison


A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.


  Characteristics/       Proposed Device                Predicate Device               Reference Device
 Parameter            Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
                       (K243294)                    (K221564)                    (K232156)
 510(k) Number       K243294                    K221564                    K232156

 Product Code        POK                     POK                     POK

 Regulation Number    21 CFR §892.2060             21 CFR §892.2060             21 CFR §892.2060

 Intended              Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a    Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a    Rapid ASPECTS is a computerUse/Indications for    computer-aided diagnosis       computer-aided diagnosis       aided diagnosis (CADx)
 Use                  (CADx) software device used     (CADx) software device used     software device used to assist
                         to assist the clinician in the      to assist the clinician in the      the clinician in the assessment
                       assessment and                assessment and              and characterization of brain
                          characterization of brain         characterization of brain          tissue abnormalities using CT
                           tissue abnormalities using CT     tissue abnormalities using CT    image data.
                     image data.                  image data.

                                                                            The Software automatically
                     The software automatically     The software automatically       registers images and segments
                           registers images and uses an     registers images and uses an    and analyzes ASPECTS Regions
                            atlas to segment and analyze     Atlas to segment and analyze    of Interest (ROls). Rapid
                     ASPECTS regions. Brainomix     ASPECTS regions. Brainomix     ASPECTS extracts image data
                     360 e-ASPECTS extracts image   360 e-ASPECTS extracts image    for the ROI(s) to provide
                       data from individual voxels in    data from individual voxels in     analysis and computer
                        the image to provide analysis    the image to provide analysis     analytics based on
                     and computer analytics and     and computer analytics and      morphological characteristics.
                           relates the analysis to the        relates the analysis to the       The imaging features are then
                            atlas defined ASPECTS regions.   atlas defined ASPECTS regions.   synthesized by an artificial


                                                                      P a g e | 9

Head office
                                                                                                         First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                   Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


Characteristics/       Proposed Device                Predicate Device               Reference Device
Parameter            Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
                     (K243294)                    (K221564)                    (K232156)

                    The imaging features are then   The imaging features are then    intelligence algorithm into a
                       synthesized by an artificial       synthesized by an artificial        single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke
                          intelligence algorithm into a      intelligence algorithm into a     Program Early CT) Score.
                          single ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke   single ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke
                    Program Early CT) score.        Program Early CT) Score.                                                                                 Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for
                                                                                        evaluation of adult patients
                      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is     Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is      presenting for diagnostic
                        indicated for evaluation of       indicated for evaluation of       imaging workup, for
                        patients presenting for           patients presenting for          evaluation of extent of
                        diagnostic imaging workup for   diagnostic imaging workup       disease. Extent of disease
                       evaluation of extent of          with known MCA or ICA          refers to the number of
                         disease. Extent of disease        occlusion, for evaluation of     ASPECTS regions affected
                         refers to the number of          extent of disease. Extent of      which is reflected in the total
                    ASPECTS regions affected        disease refers to the number     score. This device provides
                     which is reflected in the total    of ASPECTS regions affected     information that may be
                         score. Brainomix 360 e-         which is reflected in the total     useful in the characterization
                    ASPECTS provides information   score. Brainomix 360 e-          of early ischemic brain tissue
                        that may be useful in the       ASPECTS provides information    injury for ischemic stroke
                        characterization of ischemic      that may be useful in the         patient (typically, < 24 hours
                        brain tissue injury during         characterization of ischemic      since last known well) during
                    image interpretation (within     brain tissue injury during       image interpretation following
                    24 hours from time last known  image interpretation (within 6   the standard of care. Rapid
                           well).                         hours from time last known     ASPECTS provides a
                                                                well).                         comparative analysis to the
                      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS                                  ASPECTS standard of care
                       provides a comparative         Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS         radiologist assessment using
                         analysis to the ASPECTS         provides a comparative         the ASPECTS atlas definitions
                      standard of care radiologist      analysis to the ASPECTS        and atlas display including
                     assessment by providing        standard of care radiologist      highlighted ROls and
                        highlighted ASPECTS regions     assessment by providing        numerical scoring. Rapid
                    and an automated editable      highlighted ASPECTS regions    ASPECTS presents the original
                                                                          and annotated images for                    ASPECTS score for clinician      and an automated editable
                                                                                    concurrent reads.                       review. Brainomix 360 e-       ASPECTS score for clinician
                    ASPECTS additionally provides   review. Brainomix 360 ea visualization of the voxels     ASPECTS additionally provides    Limitations:
                        contributing to and excluded    a visualization of the voxels
                    from the automated ASPECTS    contributing to the automated    1. The ASPECTS score should
                       score and a calculation of the    ASPECTS score and the voxels   be only used for ischemic
                       voxel volume contributing to    excluded from the automated                                                                                        stroke patients following the
                    ASPECTS score.               ASPECTS score.                                                                                   standard of care.

                        Limitations:                      Limitations:                       2. Rapid ASPECTS is an adjunct
                                                                                            tool and is not intended to
                          1. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is    1. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is   replace a clinicians review of
                      not intended for primary        not intended for primary        the original imaging or their
                        interpretation of CT images. It    interpretation of CT images. It    clinical judgement.
                                is used to assist physician           is used to assist physician
                        evaluation.                      evaluation.                                                                                                   3. Physicians should not use
                                                                                   the CAD generated output as
                          2. The ASPECTS score should      2. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS     the primary interpretation
                    be only used for ischemic       has been validated in patients   without their concurrence.
                        stroke patients following the     with known MCA or ICA
                      standard of care.                occlusion prior to ASPECTS                                                                                       Contraindications/Exclusions/
                                                            scoring.                                                                                       Cautions:
                          3. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                      has only been validated and is


                                                                    P a g e | 10

Head office
                                                                                                         First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                   Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


Characteristics/       Proposed Device                Predicate Device               Reference Device
Parameter            Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
                     (K243294)                    (K221564)                    (K232156)
                      intended to be used in patient    3. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is   •  Patient Motion: excessive
                       populations aged over 21       not suitable for use on brain       motion leading to artifacts
                         years.                          scans displaying neurological        that make the scan
                                                       pathologies other than acute        technically inadequate.
                                                           stroke, such as tumors or        • Hemorrhagic                          4. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is
                      not intended for mobile         abscesses, hemorrhagic            Transformation,
                        diagnostic use. Images viewed   transformation and            Hematoma
                   on a mobile platform are       hematoma.                    •  Very thin or no Ventricles
                    compressed preview images
                    and not for diagnostic             4. Use of Brainomix 360 einterpretation.               ASPECTS Module in clinical
                                                            settings other than brain
                          5. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS     ischemia within 6 hours from
                                                   time last known well, caused                      has been validated and is
                      intended to be used on         by known ICA or MCA
                     Siemens Somatom Definition     occlusions has not been
                        scanners.                        tested.

                       Contraindications/                5. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                       Exclusions/Cautions:           has been validated and is
                                                    intended to be used on
                                                 Siemens Somatom Definition
                    • Patient motion: Excessive
                                                        scanners.
                        patient motion leading to
                           artifacts that make the scan
                         technically inadequate            6. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                                                   has only been validated and is
                                                    intended to be used in patient
                    • Hemorrhagic
                                                      populations aged over 21
                       Transformation, Hematoma                                                           years.


                                                              7. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is
                                                   not intended for mobile
                                                          diagnostic use. Images viewed
                                             on a mobile platform are
                                                compressed preview images
                                               and not for diagnostic
                                                            interpretation.


                                                       Contraindications/
                                                       Exclusions/Cautions:


                                                • Patient motion: Excessive
                                                         patient motion leading to
                                                                artifacts that make the scan
                                                            technically inadequate


                                                • Hemorrhagic
                                                      Transformation, Hematoma
Environment of use     Clinical/Hospital environment    Clinical/Hospital environment    Clinical/Hospital environment

Energy used and/or   None – software only         None – software only         None – software only
delivered               application. The software         application. The software         application. The software
                        application does not deliver or   application does not deliver or   application does not deliver or
                   depend on energy delivered to  depend on energy delivered to  depend on energy delivered to
                                                                                     or from patients                       or from patients                or from patients


                                                                    P a g e | 11

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


  Characteristics/       Proposed Device                Predicate Device               Reference Device
 Parameter            Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS       Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
                       (K243294)                    (K221564)                    (K232156)
 Primary Users          Neuroradiologist/Clinician        Neuroradiologist/Clinician        Neuroradiologist/Clinician

  Clinical Application    Stroke/Head                  Stroke/Head                   Stroke/Head
 /Anatomical region
 Standard of Care      ASPECTS Scoring              ASPECTS Scoring              ASPECTS Scoring

 Design: Modalities     CT                         CT                         CT
  for image processing
 and visualization
 Technical            ML/AI/Random Forest         ML/AI/Random Forest         ML/AI/Random Forest
 Implementation
 Image Overlay        ASPECTS regions, highlighted    ASPECTS regions, highlighted    ASPECTS Atlas ROIs,
                      by algorithms. Voxel-wise       by algorithms. Voxel-wise        highlighted by algorithms
                           analysis visualized as a heat      analysis visualized as a heat
                     map.                       map.
 Gating Conditions     None                         Users must confirm ICA or      None
                                     MCA occlusion prior to
                                                         accessing Brainomix 360 eASPECTS results.
 Design: PACS         View process and analyze       View process and analyze       View process and analyze
  functionality          medical images. Performs       medical images. Performs       medical images. Performs
                        standard PACS functions with    standard PACS functions with    standard PACS functions with
                         respect to querying and         respect to querying and         respect to querying and
                                                                                                                   listing.                                listing.                                 listing.
 Design: DICOM        Yes                           Yes                           Yes
 compliance
 Design: Computer      Standard off-the-shelf server    Standard off-the-shelf server    Standard  off-the-shelf server
 Platform              or virtual server                or virtual server                 or virtual server
 Design: Data           Acquires medical image data     Acquires medical image data     Acquires medical image data
  acquisition           from DICOM compliant         from DICOM compliant         from DICOM compliant
                       imaging devices and            imaging devices and            imaging devices and
                         modalities                      modalities                      modalities
  Alters Standard of      In parallel to                      In parallel to                      In parallel to
 Care Workflow
 Materials           N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

 Biocompatibility      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

  Sterility             N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

  Electrical Safety      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

 Mechanical Safety     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

 Chemical Safety      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

 Thermal Safety       N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device

 Radiation Safety      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device


13.  Conclusion


The proposed device has the same intended use as the predicate and the reference device. The
proposed and predicate/reference devices utilize similar NCCT image processing and technological


                                                                     P a g e | 12

Head office
                                                                                                          First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                    Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


features. The extensions in the indications for use and differences in technological characteristics for
the proposed device do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.


We conclude that the proposed device does not raise different questions with regards to safety and
efficacy and demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate, Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
(K221564) and reference, Rapid ASPECTS (v3) (K232156).


                                                                     P a g e | 13