July 30, 2025

Hermes Medical Solutions AB
Hanne Grinaker
Chief Quality and Regulatory Affairs Officer
Strandbergsgatan 16
Stockholm, 11251
Sweden

Re: K243919
    Trade/Device Name: Voxel Dosimetry (00859873006226)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH LLZ
    Dated: June 4, 2025
    Received: June 4, 2025

Dear Hanne Grinaker:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K243919 - Hanne Grinaker                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243919 - Hanne Grinaker                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                                                              Digitally signed by Michael D.
                                                    O'hara -S
                                                      Date: 2025.07.30 13:57:51 -04'00'
                                          Michael D. O’Hara, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243919

Device Name
Voxel Dosimetry (00859873006226)


Indications for Use (Describe)
Voxel Dosimetry is a software application for nuclear medicine. Based on user input, Voxel Dosimetry calculates a
volumetric map of the distribution of absorbed radiation dose on the voxel level for patients who have been administered
with radioisotopes.
Voxel Dosimetry presents the results to the user and the result can be stored for future analysis.

Voxel Dosimetry is intended for patients of any age and gender undergoing radionuclide therapy.

Voxel Dosimetry is only intended for calculating dose for FDA approved radiopharmaceuticals.
Voxel Dosimetry should not be used to deviate from approved product dosing and administration instructions.
Refer to the product's prescribing information for instructions.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Hermes Medical Solutions
 510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – K243919

  510(k) SUMMARY

 The following information is provided as required by 21 CFR 807.92.

 Date:                              25 July 2025


 SUBMITTER

 Name and Address:                 Hermes Medical Solutions AB

                                      Strandbergsgatan 16

                                    11251 Stockholm

                                 Sweden


 Contact Person:                   Hanne Grinaker

                                        Chief Quality and Regulatory Officer

                                    Phone: +46706604650

                                   qa_ra@hermesmedical.com


 DEVICE


 Subject Device Name:                Voxel Dosimetry

 Device Classification:                   Class II

 Regulation Number:                 21 CFR 892.2050

 Product Code:                      LLZ

                                   QIH


 PREDICATE DEVICE


 Predicate Device Name:              Voxel Dosimetry

 510(k) number:                     K191216

 Regulation Number:                 21 CFR 892.2050

 Product Code:                      LLZ


Product: Voxel Dosimetry                                                         Page | 1
Segmentation

Hermes Medical Solutions
 510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – K243919


  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

 Voxel Dosimetry  is a standalone software application designed to assist the user in absorbed dose

 calculations at voxel level using a single volumetric image or a time series of images taken after the

 treatment dose is given to the patient.


 Voxel Dosimetry can perform absorbed dose calculations at an organ level (VOI) for right and left kidneys,

 right and left lungs, liver and spleen, utilizing deep learning based semi-automatic segmentation. The

 results of the organ segmentation are always displayed overlaid on the CT and functional images for the

 user to review, and changes can be made manually to all or part of an organ region. The intended workflow

 is that the user shall review and correct the segmentation before approving the final result.


 INTENDED USE

 Voxel Dosimetry is a software application for nuclear medicine. Based on user input, Voxel Dosimetry

 calculates a volumetric map of the distribution of absorbed radiation dose on the voxel level for patients

 who have been administered with radioisotopes. Voxel Dosimetry presents the results to the user and the

 result can be stored for future analysis.


  INDICATIONS FOR USE

 Voxel Dosimetry is intended for patients of any age and gender undergoing radionuclide therapy.

 Voxel Dosimetry is only intended for calculating dose for FDA approved radiopharmaceuticals. Voxel

 Dosimetry should not be used to deviate from approved product dosing and administration instructions.

 Refer to the product's prescribing information for instructions.


Product: Voxel Dosimetry                                                         Page | 2
Segmentation

Hermes Medical Solutions
 510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – K243919


 TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON

 The subject device, Voxel Dosimetry (version 3.1), employs similar fundamental scientific technology as

 its predicate device (Voxel Dosimetry version 1.0).

      -   Both are software-only medical devices.

      -   The Intended use compared to version 1.0 (predicate device), has been re-phrased, but there
        are no underlying differences in intended purpose since version 1.0 of Voxel Dosimetry.

      -   Both have the same indications for use.

      -   Both are based on the same primary device function of absorbed dose calculation at voxel level.

      -   Both have the same use environment


 The following technological differences exist between version 3.1 of Voxel Dosimetry compared to

 version 1.0:

      -   Non-rigid registration

      -   Semi-automatic organ segmentation

      -   Lesion segmentation

      -   Single time point dose calculation

      -   Organ based dose calculation

      -   Dose calculation implementation in GPU using CUDA


Product: Voxel Dosimetry                                                         Page | 3
Segmentation

Hermes Medical Solutions
 510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – K243919


 PERFORMANCE DATA


 The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.


 Software Verification and Validation Testing

 Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as

 recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device

 Software Functions”. The “basic documentation” level was found to be applicable to the risk level of the

 software.


 Non-clinical Performance Evaluation of Algorithms

 Non-clinical performance testing for added features shows that the algorithms perform as expected and

 results were within pre-set acceptance criteria. The features were tested against state-of-the-art devices

 or by comparison with other established methods.

 Acceptance criteria for all new features use published statistical methods or are comparison
 criteria which are consistent with published studies.

 Non-rigid alignment was added to the Align workflow and can be used to fine-tune the rigid alignment for

 CT studies. Testing based on comparison using a manual method shows that results meet the acceptance

 criteria.


 Semi-automatic organ segmentation using deep learning was added to the VOI workflow and tested against

 manual segmentation. Testing shows that the results meet the acceptance criteria.


 Lesion (region of interest) segmentation was added to the VOI workflow. Testing of reproducibility shows

 that the results meet the acceptance criteria. Lesion contours can be reviewed and corrected as needed

 by the user.


 The option to process single point studies was added to the Dose workflow. Testing of time activity curve

 integration of these studies, based on comparison with a scientific computing language widely referenced

 in medical publications, shows that the results meet the acceptance criteria.


 Dose calculation implementation in GPU using CUDA was added to the Dose workflow in Voxel Dosimetry


Product: Voxel Dosimetry                                                         Page | 4
Segmentation

Hermes Medical Solutions
 510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – K243919


 3.1. Testing to compare CPU and GPU implementations shows that the results meet the acceptance

 criteria.


 Organ based dose calculation was added to the Dose workflow. Testing to compare the results with a

 state-of-the-art device shows that the results meet the acceptance criteria.


 In conclusion, non-clinical testing supports the safety of the subject device.


 SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE CONCLUSION


 There is no change in the overall safety and effectiveness of Voxel Dosimetry version 3.1 compared to

 the predicate version 1.0. There are new functionalities compared to the predicate device, but the

 fundamental design and principles of operation remain the same.


 Non-clinical testing supports the safety of the device. Verification and validation testing demonstrates

 that the device performs as intended.


 In conclusion, Hermes Medical Solutions considers Voxel Dosimetry (version 3.1) to be substantially

 equivalent to the predicate device Voxel Dosimetry (version 1.0).


Product: Voxel Dosimetry                                                         Page | 5
Segmentation