February 12, 2025

Subtle Medical, Inc.
℅ Jared Seehafer
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd
Ste 120
South San Francisco, California 94080


Re: K243250
    Trade/Device Name: SubtleHD (1.x)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 13, 2025
    Received: January 13, 2025

Dear Jared Seehafer:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243250 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K243250 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page  3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
~~~~~
  Submission Number (if known)I
  I K243250
  Device Name
  I SubtleHD (1.x)

  Indications for Use (Describe)
  SubtleHD is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement of all body
   parts MRI images. It can be used for noise reduction and increasing image sharpness.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
             IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                           ''.An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary          K243250


SubtleHD 510(k) Summary

Table 1. Contact Details and Device Name

 Date Summary Prepared:             2025-02-10

 Contact Details:

 Applicant Name:                      Subtle Medical, Inc.

 Applicant Address:                 883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205
                                   Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States

 Applicant Contact:                  Ms. Ronny Elor

 Applicant Contact Telephone:         (925) 324-8467

 Applicant Contact Email:             ronny@subtlemedical.com

 Correspondent Name:             Enzyme Corporation

 Correspondent Address:            611 Gateway Blvd, Ste 120
                                    South San Francisco, CA 94080 United States

 Correspondent Contact:               Mr. Jared Seehafer

 Correspondent Contact Telephone:    (415) 638-9554

 Correspondent Contact Email:       jared@enzyme.com

 Device Name:

 Device Trade Name:                 SubtleHD (1.x)

 Common Name:                      Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:                 System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Regulation Number:                 892.2050

 Product Code:                   QIH

 Device Class:                        Class II

 Legally Marketed Predicate Devices:  Primary Predicate #: K230854
                                      Predicate Trade Name: SwiftMR
                                      Predicate Manufacturer: AIRS Medical Inc.

                                 Secondary Predicate #: K223623
                                      Predicate Trade Name: SubtleMR
                                      Predicate Manufacturer: Subtle Medical, Inc.


                                                                      Page 1 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


Device Description Summary

SubtleHD is Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software algorithm that enhances
images taken by MRI scanners. As  it only processes images for the end user, the device has no user
interface.  It is intended to be used by radiologists and technologists in an imaging center, clinic, or
hospital. The SubtleHD software can be used with MR images acquired as part of standard of care and
accelerated MRI exams as the input. The outputs are the corresponding images with enhanced image
quality. Original DICOM images are passed onto the SubtleHD software as an input argument and the
enhanced images are saved in the designated location prescribed when running the SubtleHD software.
The functionality of SubtleHD (noise reduction and sharpness enhancement) is identified from the DICOM
series description and/or through configuration. Configuration is specified as configuration files and OS
environment variables.

SubtleHD software implements an image enhancement algorithm using a convolutional neural network
based  filtering. Original images are enhanced by running through a cascade of  filter banks, where
thresholding and scaling operations are applied. A single neural network is trained for adaptive noise
reduction and sharpness increase. The parameters within the neural network were obtained through an
image-guided optimization process. Additional nonlocal mean based denoising and unsharp masking
based sharpening filters are applied to the deep learning processed image.

The software operates on DICOM files, enhances the images, and sends the enhanced images to any
desired destination with an AE Title (e.g., PACS, MR device, workstation, and more). Enhanced images
coexist with the original images.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

SubtleHD is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement of all body parts MRI
images. It can be used for noise reduction and increasing image sharpness.

Intended Use / Indications for Use Comparison

SubtleHD and  its predicates are  all intended to denoise and sharpen MRI images of various input
protocols, imaging scanners, and anatomical regions.

Technological Comparison

SubtleHD and its predicates are all used for image enhancement. They operate on DICOM files, enhance
the images, and send the enhanced images to any desired destination. The receipt of original DICOM
image files and delivery of enhanced images as DICOM files depends on other software systems. Both
subject and predicate devices use convolutional neural network based filtering. Original images are
enhanced by running through a cascade of filter banks, where thresholding and scaling operations are
applied. The software performs noise reduction and sharpness increase. The parameters within the
software are obtained through an image-guided optimization process. Additional pre- and post-processing
is applied to configure desired perceived image quality.

The following table provides a detailed description of the technological characteristics of subject and
predicate devices.


                                                                      Page 2 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


Table 2. Comparison of Technological Characteristics

   Comparison       SubtleHD          SwiftMR         SubtleMR         Noted
                    (Subject Device)       (Primary        (Secondary        Differences
                                          Predicate          Predicate
                                             Device)           Device)
                                        (K230854)         (K223623)

 Workflow             The software operates   The software operates   The software operates   SubtleHD can send
                      on DICOM files,        on DICOM files,        on DICOM files on the   enhanced images to
                       enhances the images,   enhances the images,      file system, enhances    any destination as long
                      and sends the          and stores the           the images, and stores   as it is associated with
                      enhanced images to     enhanced images on     the enhanced images    an IP and AE Title.
                       any desired destination  PACS or on a MR       on the file system. The   SubtleMR by default is
                            with an AE Title (e.g.,     device. Enhanced         receipt of original        intended to send
                     PACS, MR device,      images coexist with    DICOM image files      enhanced images to
                            workstation, and         the original images.     and delivery of         PACS, but can be
                          more). Enhanced                            enhanced images as     configured to other
                       images coexist with                      DICOM files depends     destinations. SwiftMR
                           the original images.                          on other software       can send enhanced
                                                                        systems.              images to PACS or an
                                                             MR Device.
                                                                                                            Substantially
                                                                                                         Equivalent.

 Product Code         QIH                 LLZ                 LLZ                       Substantially
                                                                                                         Equivalent.

 Physical                Software package      Same              Same              Same
 Characteristics          Operates on a virtual
                       machine

 Intended User            Radiologists         Same              Same              Same

 Intended Location       Medical facility        Same              Same              Same
                              (hospitals, clinics,
                         imaging center, etc.)


 Modalities            MRI               Same              Same              Same


 Operating System /      Linux Compatible; PC   PC Compatible        Same                 SubtleHD and
 Computer                or Mac                                                          SubtleMR are PC or
                                                                                       Mac, while SwiftMR is
                                                                                                       only PC. Substantially
                                                                                                         Equivalent.

 Rx or OTC           Rx                Same              Same              Same


 User Interface         None              Same              Same              Same


 DICOM              The software         Same              Same              Same
 Standard Compliance    processes
                       DICOM-compliant
                       image data.


                                                                      Page 3 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


   Comparison       SubtleHD          SwiftMR         SubtleMR         Noted
                    (Subject Device)       (Primary        (Secondary        Differences
                                          Predicate          Predicate
                                             Device)           Device)
                                        (K230854)         (K223623)

 Image Enhancement     SubtleHD software      SwiftMR implements     SubtleMR software       Substantially
 Algorithm Description    implements an image    an image               implements an image     Equivalent.
                      enhancement          enhancement          enhancement
                           algorithm using a         algorithm using           algorithm using
                           convolutional neural      convolutional neural      convolutional neural
                         network based filtering.   network-based          network based filtering.
                             Original images are        filtering. Original          Original images are
                      enhanced by running    images are enhanced    enhanced by running
                         through a cascade of    by running through a     through a cascade of
                                       filter banks, where       cascade of filter banks,    filter banks, where
                           thresholding and        where thresholding       thresholding and
                            scaling operations are   and scaling operations    scaling operations are
                            applied. A single         are applied. Neural       applied. Separate
                           neural network is        network-based filters     neural network based
                            trained for adaptive       that perform noise          filters are obtained for
                          noise reduction and      reduction and/or         noise reduction and
                        sharpness increase.     sharpening are          sharpness increase.
                     The parameters within    obtained. The          The parameters of the
                           the neural network       parameters of the           filters were obtained
                       were obtained through     filters were obtained      through an
                      an image-guided         through an              image-guided
                            optimization process.    image-guided             optimization process.
                            Additional nonlocal       optimization process.
                    mean based denoising   Sharpening filter is
                      and unsharp masking     additionally applied to
                       based sharpening        the deep learning
                                    filters are applied to      processed image.
                           the deep learning
                        processed image.

 Model Architecture       Single SRE/DNE      DNE is a model; SRE   SRE is a model, DNE    Deep-learning
                       model with filters/           is achieved via multiple    is a model, with filters/    algorithm and
                           pre/post-processing.        filters                    pre/post-processing      processing steps for
                                                                                                   noise reduction and
                                                                                            sharpness
                                                                                         enhancement.
                                                                                                            Substantially
                                                                                                         Equivalent.

 Function              Combined SRE and     Combined SRE and      Separate, DNE head,     Substantially
                 DNE for all anatomies.   DNE, can turn either      spine, neck, abdomen,   Equivalent.
                                                                  off as an option.           pelvis, prostate,
                                                                                 breast, and
                                                                             musculoskeletal, SRE
                                                                head only.

 Enhancement levels      Optional high            Denoising level from    No levels (single level).   SubtleHD and SwiftMR
                          denoising level and       level 0 to level 8,                                 are substantially
                            optional high           Sharpness level from                                equivalent. SubtleMR
                         sharpening level.          level 0 to level 5.                             has a single SRE and
                                                                   DNE option.

 Performance Validation   Endpoints and        Same              Same              Same
                        acceptance criteria
                          using retrospective
                                 clinical images for both
                          noise reduction and
                        sharpness increase
                             functions.


                                                                      Page 4 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)

SubtleHD has a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP), which details planned device modifications,
the associated methodology to develop, validate, and implement those modifications, and an assessment
of the impact of those modifications. In general, Subtle Medical utilizes PCCPs for planned modifications
that aim to improve customer satisfaction with respect to perceived image quality, generalizability, and
flexibility of the product.

The SubtleHD PCCP contains one planned modification: to add more denoising and sharpening levels as
a configuration option. This modification is intended to provide additional flexibility for the user. Prior to
release, the software verification and validation and performance validation described in this summary
shall be re-executed with the same endpoints and validation dataset as those used to support this
submission, with the acceptance criteria for the new configurable levels of denoising and sharpness being
adjusted to have increasing stringency. Re-executing the software verification and validation and
performance validation will ensure substantial equivalence is maintained following the modification. The
algorithm will be locked with fixed model parameters prior to release.

This modification shall be performed as a part of Subtle Medical’s Design Change Control process in a
Quality Management System that is ISO 13485:2016 and MDSAP certified. It shall be accompanied by a
software version-specific Customer Release Notes describing the change along with software
version-specific User Manual. The updated labeling shall be delivered to users by Subtle Medical
customer success personnel.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

Subtle Medical conducted the following performance testing:
    ●  Software Verification and Validation testing (unit, integration, and system testing) to demonstrate
         that software requirements are implemented. These tests passed.
    ●  Standalone image  quality metric testing to report the Least Absolute Deviations (L1 loss),
        Structural  Similarity  (SSIM), and peak  signal-to-noise  ratio (PSNR)  values.  This  testing
       demonstrated significant reduction in L1 loss and significant increase in SSIM and PSNR.
    ●  Performance Validation testing utilizing retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software
       enhanced image quality in MR images via a reduction of noise or sharpness enhancement.
      These tests passed.
    ● A Reader Study utilizing retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software enhanced image
         quality in MR images via a reduction of noise or sharpness enhancement. These tests passed.

Standalone Image Quality Metric Testing:

A subset of our performance validation set, which is detailed below, where standard-of-care (SOC)
images were acquired, was used to create a paired test set for evaluating L1 loss, SSIM, and PSNR. To
enhance the spatial alignment between the two separately acquired images, affine registration was
applied to the accelerated images  (i.e., inputs) to align them with the SOC images. However, perfect
alignment  of  image  pairs  was  not  achievable  due  to  inter-scan  motions   (e.g.,  non-rigid
respiratory/pulsation). Additionally, slight image contrast differences in focal regions between the two
scans  (e.g.,  non-repeatable  blood/CSF  suppression,  protocol  adjustment-induced  minor  contrast
changes) were possible. Furthermore, the acquired SOC images may not have all been of high quality,
with residual noise and image blurring potentially persisting on the SOC images. All of these factors could
induce additional errors (beyond the performance of the SubtleHD algorithm) when measuring pixel-wise


                                                                      Page 5 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


metrics using the SOC images as the reference. To eliminate residual noise and reduce blurring on SOC
images, the metrics were also calculated using the SubtleHD-enhanced SOC as the reference, and then
metric analysis was performed between the input and SubtleHD enhanced input.

The following selection criteria was used for the paired test data:
    ●  Not used for algorithm training.
    ●  Split between  all anatomies (abdomen, ankle, brain, breast, C-spine, foot, hand, hip, knee,
        L-spine, neck, pelvis, prostate, shoulder, t-spine, and wrist).
    ●  Have pediatric data:
            ○  20 children (ages 2 to 11)
            ○  22 adolescents (ages 12 to 21)
    ●  Have 0%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 50%, 60%, 70%, and 80% time reduced images.
    ●  Have axial, coronal, and sagittal orientations.
    ●  Have 2D and 3D acquisitions.
    ●  Have the following protocols: DWI, FLAIR, GRE, MRA, PD, RADIAL, STIR, SWI, T1, T2, and MIP
    ●  Contrasted and non-contrasted images
    ●  Have various Acceleration Method Distribution.
    ●  Have 3.0T, 1.5T, and low field strengths.
    ●  Have a variety of imaging scanner vendors and models.
    ●  Have some data from sites that did not also supply training data.
    ●  More than 50% of data is from sites in the United States.
    ●  Have various clinical conditions and normal.
    ●  Reconstruction Matrix (Image Sizes) up to 512 x 448

This selection criteria represents a well characterized clinically-relevant reference dataset.

In addition to a paired test set, an aligned test set was also evaluated. The purpose of the aligned test set
was to better  facilitate pixel-wise metrics analysis, which necessitates spatially aligned ground truth
reference data. Any misalignment could contribute to metrics that do not reflect the model's performance.
Furthermore, the quality of input images should align with the accelerated clinical protocols to ensure that
the test results closely approximate practical scenarios. For this test set, therefore, the low-quality input
images and high-quality ground truth images were paired and derived from the same undersampled
k-space data. Undersampling was performed using commercially available acceleration methods on each
vendor's MRI scanner. This ensures that low-quality input images are representative of the types of
images that would be processed by these devices in real-world clinical scenarios, where acceleration
techniques are frequently used to improve workflow efficiency. The high-quality ground truth images were
reconstructed  using  the  vendor's  commercially  available deep  learning  pipeline and  represent
standard-of-care image quality. Importantly, these pairs have perfect spatial alignment, which better
facilitates pixel-wise metric analysis, such as L1 loss, SSIM, and PSNR. This alignment is critical for
accurately assessing the performance of the image enhancement algorithm.

The following selection criteria was used for the aligned test data:
    ●  Not used for algorithm training.
    ●  Inputs (low-quality images) and targets (high-quality images) are spatially aligned to support the
        pixelwise based metrics (e.g. L1 loss, SSIM, PSNR) analysis
    ●  Split between  all anatomies (abdomen, ankle, arm,  brain,  extremity, knee,  l-spine, pelvis,
        shoulder, spine)
    ●  For known ages, have a variety of age ranges (28 years old - 80 years old)
    ●  Have axial, coronal, and sagittal orientations.


                                                                      Page 6 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


    ●  Have 2D acquisitions.
    ●  Have the following protocols: DWI, PD, STIR, T1, T1 FLAIR, T2, T2 FLAIR, T2 STIR.
    ●  The quality of inputs are aligned with the quality of accelerated clinical protocols
    ●  Have 3.0T, 1.5T, and low field strengths.
    ●  Have various acceleration factors: 1.0 - 6.0
    ●  Have GE and Siemens scanners with various models.
    ●  Have US and OUS data.

Each of the paired test sets (SOC as reference, SubtleHD-enhanced SOC as reference) had 97 samples
for statistical comparison. The aligned test set had 471 samples. For each test pair, each metric was
evaluated across all 2D slices and then averaged across slices to obtain the metric value for that test pair.
The mean and standard deviation were calculated for L1 loss, SSIM, and PSNR.

The following table summarizes the results of this testing.

Table 3. Standalone Image Quality Metric Summary

     Test Set         Study Test       Result (mean ± std dev)          T-Test P-Value


   Paired Test Set          L1 Loss             9.993% ± 92.487%                   0.189
  (Unaligned SOC as
     the Reference)           SSIM                 0.0115 ± 0.0403                     0.001

                    PSNR               -0.307 dB ± 2.863 dB                  0.150

   Paired Test Set          L1 Loss             -6.908% ± 22.422%                   0.022
      (Unaligned
  SubtleHD-enhanced         SSIM                0.0210 ± 0.0448                   <0.0001
    SOC as the
      Reference)          PSNR              0.583 dB ± 2.754 dB                 <0.0001

   Aligned Test Set          L1 Loss            -38.837% ± 15.469%                 <0.0001

                       SSIM                0.0367 ± 0.0219                   <0.0001

                    PSNR              3.844 dB ± 2.172 dB                 <0.0001


Performance Validation & Reader Study Dataset Characteristics:

To represent the patient population and use of MRI in the field, the SubtleHD performance validation test
dataset consists of:
    ●  Body (breast, abdomen, prostate, and pelvis), Cardiac, Neuro (head, neck, and cervical, lumbar,
      and thoracic spine), and Musculoskeletal (shoulder, wrist, hand, hip, knee, foot, and ankle)
       anatomical regions
    ●  DIXON, DWI, FLAIR, GRE, MRA, PD, RADIAL, STIR, SWI, T1, T2, T2*, and MIP input protocols
    ●  Contrasted and non-contrasted images
    ●  Axial, coronal, and sagittal orientations
    ● 2D and 3D acquisition types
    ●  0.25T, 0.30T, 0.50T, 0.55T, 0.60T, 1.16T, 1.50T, and 3.0T field strengths


                                                                      Page 7 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


    ● ASG  Superconductors,  ESAOTE,  FONAR,  Toshiba/Canon,   Philips  Medical  Systems,
         Hitachi/Fujifilm, GE MEDICAL SYSTEMS, and SIEMENS imaging scanner vendors
    ●  Reconstruction Matrix (Image Sizes) up to 1344x1344
    ●  Standard-of-care data and time reduced data (up to 80% time reduction)
    ●  Even distribution of subject sex (53% female, 47% male)
    ●  Pediatric and Adult subject ages (ranging from 3 to 94 years old)

To show that the performance of the device is not hindered by site variability, in the validation dataset,
data was selected from sources not included in the training dataset (36.50% of the dataset is from
non-training sources). The majority of performance data comes from sources in the United States (65%).

Performance Validation:

Three Regions of Interest (ROIs) were drawn on each image in the SubtleHD performance validation test
dataset by a Subtle Medical employee with an MD and/or PhD in a clinically-relevant  field. Two
rectangular ROI were drawn in homogeneous regions to compare the Signal-to-Noise ratio (SNR) before
and after SubtleHD processing. One ROI line was drawn across a tissue interface or anatomy to compare
image intensity change along the line before and after SubtleHD processing in terms of slope for all
images and full width half max (FWHM) for brain images. A board-certified radiologist reviewed the ROI
for acceptability for use in the performance validation study design.

The  following are the endpoints, acceptance  criteria,  results, and conclusions from the SubtleHD
Performance Validation:

Table 4. Performance Validation Summary

   Endpoint         Acceptance Criteria        SubtleHD   Result       Conclusion
                                        Mode

 Denoising (SNR)   SNR shall improve by at least 40% in          Default       PASS      SubtleHD performs
 Primary Endpoint   homogenous ROI regions for at least 90%                                   denoising, in terms of
                        of the dataset.                                                       improved SNR, MRI images.

              SNR shall improve by at least 40% in         High         PASS
                 homogenous ROI regions for at least 95%     Denoising
                        of the dataset.

 Sharpness         Slope in a line ROI is increased for at least    Default       PASS      SubtleHD sharpens, in terms
 (Image Intensity   90% of the dataset.                                                              of improvement in visibility of
 Change) Primary                                                                              the edge at a tissue interface
 Endpoint          Slope in a line ROI is increased for at least    High         PASS      by image intensity slope
               95% of the dataset.                        Sharpening                measure, MRI images.

 Sharpness         Thickness, in terms of FWHM in a line ROI,    Default       PASS      SubtleHD sharpens, in terms
 (Image Intensity      is reduced for at least 90% of the dataset.                                       of improvement in visibility of
 Change for                                                                      an anatomical structure by
 Brains)             Thickness, in terms of FWHM in a line ROI,   High         PASS     image intensity FWHM
 Secondary            is reduced for at least 95% of the dataset.     Sharpening                measure, MRI images.
 Endpoint

 Sharpness and     At least 90% of cases demonstrate a lower    Default       PASS      SubtleHD does not result in
 Over Smoothing     gradient entropy value after SubtleHD                                   over-smoothed images, in
 (Gradient           processing.                                                           terms of improvement in
 Entropy) Primary                                                                                gradient entropy.
 Endpoint           At least 95% of cases demonstrate a lower    High         PASS
                      gradient entropy value after SubtleHD        Sharpening
                     processing.


                                                                      Page 8 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


   Endpoint         Acceptance Criteria        SubtleHD   Result       Conclusion
                                        Mode

                   There is a statistically significant               Default and    PASS
                   improvement in gradient entropy when        High
                   comparing the original and SubtleHD         Sharpening
                  enhanced images across the performance
                     dataset per a two-sided paired t-test.


Reader Study:

This study utilized human data gathered under the auspices of IRB-approved clinical protocols. 410
image series (205 input and 205 SubtleHD enhanced) were anonymized and randomized prior to the
reader study. Readers were blind to the image processing method.

Both the input images and the SubtleHD enhanced images were ranked by board-certified radiologists for
perceived SNR, Overall Image Quality  / Diagnostic Confidence, Small Structure Visibility, and Imaging
Artifacts, utilizing a 4 point Likert scale.

The following are the endpoints, acceptance criteria, results, and conclusions from the SubtleHD Reader
Study:

Table 5. Reader Study Summary

  Endpoint         Endpoint         Acceptance Criteria     Result         Conclusion
                   Description

  Denoising     Signal-to-Noise Ratio     Statistically significantly   PASS       SubtleHD performs
     (Primary                                 better with p-value < 0.05                 denoising, in terms of
     Endpoint)                                   or not statistically                  improved SNR, for MRI
                                                significantly different in a                     Images.
                                     Wilcoxon signed rank test

                 Overall Image Quality     Statistically significantly   PASS
                                   / Diagnostic         better with p-value < 0.05
                   Confidence             or not statistically
                                                significantly different in a
                                     Wilcoxon signed rank test

  Sharpness        Visibility of Small        Statistically significantly   PASS       SubtleHD performs
     (Primary            Structures          better with p-value < 0.05              sharpening and does not
     Endpoint)                                   or not statistically                 over-smoooth images, in
                                                significantly different in a              terms of improved visibility
                                     Wilcoxon signed rank test               of small structures, for MRI
                                                                                 images.


                                                                      Page 9 of 10

Subtle Medical Inc. - 510(k) – SubtleHD – 510(k) Summary


  Endpoint         Endpoint         Acceptance Criteria     Result         Conclusion
                   Description

    Artifacts       Artifact Introduction      SubtleHD-enhanced    PASS   SubtleHD does not introduce
   (Secondary                          images do not contain                   artifacts into MRI images.
     Endpoint)                                   artifacts that could impact
                                        diagnosis or b) both input
                                  and SubtleHD-enhanced
                                    images are deemed to
                                        contain artifacts that could
                                          impact diagnosis.


Conclusion:

These results demonstrate that SubtleHD is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


                                                                      Page 10 of 10