December 9, 2025

INFINITT Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Josh Baker
Consultant
12F Daerung Post Tower III
27 Digital-ro 34-gil, Guro-gu
Seoul, 08378
South Korea

Re: K243449
    Trade/Device Name: INFINITT DPS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700
    Regulation Name: Whole Slide Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKQ
    Dated: November 7, 2024
    Received: November 7, 2024

Dear Josh Baker:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243449 - Josh Baker                                                                 Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products
(see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality
systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR
Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control
provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243449 - Josh Baker                                                                 Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                 Shyam Kalavar -S
                                   Shyam Kalavar
                                        Deputy Branch Chief
                                             Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243449

Device Name
INFINITT DPS


Indications for Use (Describe)
INFINITT DPS is a software device intended for viewing and management of whole slide digital images derived from
scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue. It serves as an aid for
pathologists to review and interpret these digital images for the purpose of pathology primary diagnosis.

INFINITT DPS is intended for use with Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD scanner and Barco MDPC-8127 display.

It is the responsibility of the pathologist to implement appropriate procedures and safeguards that assure the integrity and
accuracy of image interpretation when utilizing the INFINITT DPS. The system is not intended for use with frozen
sections, cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
                        INFINITT DPS
    Date of 510(k) Summary: December 8, 2025
1.1 Name & Address of Manufacturer
       Mr. Sang Wook Cho
       Chief Quality Officer, Research and Development Center
      INFINITT Healthcare Co., Ltd.
      12F Daerung Post Tower III, 27 Digital-ro 34-gil, Guro-gu Seoul, 08378, South Korea
        Tel: +82-2-2192-1631
       Fax: +82-2-6969-5455
       Email: bigmouse@infinitt.com

1.2  510(k) Contact Person
      Josh Baker – Consultant
      32565 B Golden Lantern #1048
     Dana Point, CA 92629 USA
        Tel: 714-788-8152
       Email: josh@jbshelp.com

1.3  Device Name
      Device name: INFINITT DPS
       Version: 1.1
       Applicant: INFINITT Healthcare Co., Ltd.
        Classification Product Code: QKQ
        Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 864.3700
        Classification Name: Whole Slide Imaging System
      Device Class: Class II
       510(k) Submission Number: K243449
      Review Panel: 88 – Pathology

1.4  Identification of the Predicate Device
       Predicate Device Name: NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system
       Applicant: Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.
        Classification Product Code: PSY
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.3700
      Device Class: Class II
       510(k) Submission Number: K233027


                                    Page 1 of 9

2. Intended Use / Indications for Use
       A. Intended Use(s):
        See Indications for Use below.

       B. Indications for Use:
          INFINITT DPS is a software device intended for viewing and management of whole
            slide digital images derived from scanned surgical pathology slides prepared from
            formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue. It serves as an aid for pathologists
            to review and interpret these digital images for the purpose of pathology primary
           diagnosis.

          INFINITT DPS is intended for use with Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD scanner
         and Barco MDPC-8127 display.

                 It is the responsibility of the pathologist to implement appropriate procedures and
          safeguards that assure the integrity and accuracy of image interpretation when
             utilizing the INFINITT DPS. The system is not intended for use with frozen sections,
           cytology, or non-FFPE hematopathology specimens.

       C. Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):
        Rx - For Prescription Use Only


  3. Device Description
INFINITT DPS software provides a more efficient and convenient alternative to reviewing slides
with physical microscopes. The primary users of INFINITT DPS are pathologists in
histopathology , as well as technologists who handle specimens. Users can access whole slide
images directly through a web browser, with no need to install additional software on the client
PC.
INFINITT DPS, version 1.1, is a web-based software device that enables qualified pathologists
to review digital pathology images (WSIs) of formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue
specimens for pathology primary diagnosis. The device operates through a supported web
browser without installing any application locally.
•  The Operation and Workflow of INFINITT DPS are described below:
     o  Data Input
                The device accepts WSI files in the NDPI file format generated by a
              Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide Scanner. The WSI files are
                    internally converted into the Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
              (DICOM) file format using the built-in INFINITT DPS Acquisition module.
     o  Data Management and Storage
                The converted images are stored on the INFINITT DPS server. The user is
                   highly recommended to back up the original NDPI files. The device can be

                                    Page 2 of 9

integrated with an external LIS (Laboratory Information System)/EMR
                   (Electronic Medical Record) system to automate case registration and
                     retrieval.
     o  Image Access and Navigation
                Users can log in to the device using the INFINITT DPS WebViewer running
               on a supported web browser (i.e., Chrome, Edge, or Firefox). The stored
              WSIs can be searched, selected, and opened directly within the INFINITT
            DPS WebViewer.
     o  Image Review and Interpretation
                INFINITT DPS WebViewer provides the following interactive features:
                     •  Zoom, pan, and rotate for image navigation
                     •  Measurement tools for length and area analysis
The interoperable components of INFINITT DPS and other system specifications are provided in
tables 1 – 3 below.:
Table 1. Interoperable Components for Use with INFINITT DPS
Components   Manufacturer       Model
Scanner       Hamamatsu         NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner
Display        Barco             MDPC-8127


Table 2. Computer Environment / System for Use with INFINITT DPS
 Component               Requirement
 Operating System          Windows 11
 Memory                32GB RAM
 Processor                         Intel Core i7-11800H
 Supported Browsers         Google Chrome version 90.0 and above
                                Microsoft Edge version 90.0 and above
                                Mozilla Firefox version 80.0 and above

Table 3. Server System Requirements

 Component            Web Server            Database Server
 CPU                     2.8GHz 12-core or higher  2.2GHz 8-core or higher
 Memory                64GB or more          16GB or more
 Storage                 2TB or more           4TB or more
 Software Platforms            Microsoft IIS (Internet Information Services) 10 or higher
 Operating Systems            Microsoft Windows Server 2016 or higher
 Database                 N/A                      Oracle Database 19c or higher
 Network                 1Gbps                1Gbps


                                    Page 3 of 9

4.2 Software Operation
 Device Features   The main features of the INFINITT DPS are:
 Controlled by         • INFINITT DPS is a web-based software device, allowing the app to be
 Software         used without any need for software installation.
                           • View images in the Hamamatsu WSI (Whole Slide Image) format
                   (NDPI) acquired from the Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD Slide
                   scanner in the same environment.
                           • Easily search and view your cases and slides, as INFINITT DPS serves
                  as an online storage solution for slide images.
                           • User-friendly image manipulation tools (Zoom, Pan, Rotation, etc.) are
                       available.
                           • Precise and accurate measurement and annotation tools are provided.
                           • Layout and synchronization functions are supported for viewing and
                  comparing multiple slide images simultaneously.
 Intended Use      Pathology in hospitals.
 Environment
 Software User     The primary software users of INFINITT DPS are pathologists, as the
 Groups           system is intended to aid in the review and interpretation of digital images
                        for primary diagnosis. Secondary users may include laboratory IT staff
                    responsible for system configuration and maintenance, as well as clinical
                     laboratory supervisors who oversee compliance and workflow integration.
 Intended Patient    Patients can receive cancer diagnosis information interpreted by a
 Population          pathologist. The product can be used widely regardless of nationality,
                     race, age or gender.
 Data Analysis     None
 Clinical Actions        It allows to view slides without using a microscope.
 Performed
  Artificial          None
 Intelligence (AI)/
 Machine Learning
 (ML) Model
 Population
 AI/ML Model      None
 Bias/Limitation
 Considerations

  5. Performance Testing
Summary of Testing
Software Verification and Validation (V&V) Testing:
•  Comprehensive validation and verification (V&V) testing were performed on the INFINITT
  DPS to confirm functionality, reliability, and compliance with intended performance
   requirements. This included rigorous testing across all critical software modules, such as
    administration, image acquisition, worklist management, and viewing capabilities.


                                    Page 4 of 9

•  Each test case in the INFINITT DPS test plan was executed according to established
    protocols. The testing process confirmed that all functions met predefined specifications,
    with any detected issues resolved before release. The V&V testing validated that INFINITT
  DPS reliably performs as intended in a clinical setting.
Human Factors Engineering (HFE) and Usability Engineering (UE) Testing:
•  Human Factors and Usability Engineering tests for INFINITT DPS ensured that the design
   supports safe, efficient, and intuitive use by the primary users, including pathologists,
   medical technologists, and system administrators.
•  A simulated-use human factors validation study was conducted with 15 representative users
    (pathologists and technologists) to evaluate usability and use-related risks. All critical tasks
   were completed successfully without use errors leading to harm. Minor user interface (UI)
   improvements (e.g., confirmation pop-ups, case-insensitive search) were made postvalidation, and no additional validation was required. The study demonstrated that INFINITT
  DPS can be used safely and effectively by the intended user population in the intended
   environment.
•  The results demonstrated that INFINITT DPS meets FDA Human Factors Engineering
   standards and effectively minimizes the risk of user error, supporting its safe and intended
   use in clinical environments.
Cybersecurity Testing:
•  Cybersecurity testing for the INFINITT DPS addressed potential security risks and verified
   adherence to medical device software cybersecurity requirements.
•   Static Analysis (SAST) involved a thorough review of the source code, identifying and
    mitigating low-level vulnerabilities to ensure secure coding practices were followed
   throughout the software.
•  Dynamic Analysis included comprehensive web application vulnerability assessments and
    fuzz testing for input validation to confirm data integrity and resistance to unauthorized
   access. Identified vulnerabilities were addressed with specific mitigations, and ongoing
    monitoring protocols were established.
•   Penetration Testing, following the MITRE ATT&CK framework, simulated potential cyber
    threats, verifying that the INFINITT DPS has robust security measures in place to protect
    against unauthorized access and data breaches.
Non-Clinical Bench Performance Testing:
The performance of the INFINITT DPS was validated through a series of non-clinical bench
performance tests following the FDA guidance document, Technical Performance Assessment
of Digital Pathology Whole Slide Imaging Devices (April 20, 2016). The following performance
tests were conducted to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device and to
ensure the system performs safely and effectively for its intended use.
•   Pixel-wise Color Comparison Test: This test demonstrated identical image reproduction
   between the subject device (INFINITT DPS) and the predicate viewer using the CIEDE2000
   (ΔE₀₀) metric. Whole Slide Images (WSIs) of 30 FFPE H&E-stained slides were analyzed

                                    Page 5 of 9

across three web browsers (Chrome, Edge, Firefox). Each slide included 3 ROIs captured at
   3 magnification levels. All 95th percentile ΔE₀₀ values averaged 0.00 (maximum 95th
    percentile ΔE₀₀ values were 0), indicating no significant difference between the subject and
    predicate viewers.
•  Measurement Accuracy Test: The subject device was tested for length and area
   measurement accuracy using various annotation tools (e.g., ruler, region) on multiple WSIs
    at 20x and 40x magnification, with 2 different orientations. Measurements from INFINITT
  DPS were compared to those from the predicate device. All results met the predefined
   acceptance criteria of ±2% or ±5 μm for length and ±5% for area, confirming measurement
    accuracy.
•  Turnaround Time (TAT) Test: This test assessed image load times and responsiveness
    during interactions such as panning and zooming. Using browser developer tools,
   timestamps were recorded and analyzed. WSIs loaded within an average of 2.8 seconds,
   and all interactions responded within an average of 0.48 seconds, meeting the criteria of ≤5
   seconds for load time and ≤1 second for interaction latency.

    In summary, all testing phases for the INFINITT DPS — including software V&V, Human
   Factors Engineering, Cybersecurity assessments, and Non-Clinical Bench Performance
    Testing (Pixel-wise Comparison, Measurement Accuracy, and Turnaround Time) — were
   completed successfully. INFINITT DPS meets its performance, usability, and security
   requirements, supporting its safe and effective use in a clinical setting.

  6. Predicate Device Substantial Equivalence
   Comparison
Predicate Device:
    •  NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner system (K233027) by Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.
    •  Regulation Number 21 CFR 864.3700
    •  Product Code: PSY
    •   Classification: Class II

     General         Subject Device – INFINITT DPS      Predicate: NanoZoomer S360MD        If different, Impact on
     Function                  (K243449)                Slide scanner system (K233027)     Safety and or Efficacy

 Manufacturer       INFINITT Healthcare Co., Ltd.        Hamamatsu Photonics K.K.
 Name

 Trade Name       INFINITT DPS                    NanoZoomer S360MD Slide
                                                        scanner system

 Common Name      Digital Pathology Image Viewing and    Whole Slide Imaging System         INFINITT DPS is softwareManagement Software                                                              only, whereas
                                                                              NanoZoomer S360MD
                                                                                                      Slide scanner system
                                                                                                   includes scanner and
                                                                                        hardware components.
                                                                                                This difference has no

                                    Page 6 of 9

General         Subject Device – INFINITT DPS      Predicate: NanoZoomer S360MD        If different, Impact on
    Function                  (K243449)                Slide scanner system (K233027)     Safety and or Efficacy

                                                                                           impact on safety or
                                                                                                       effectiveness, as image
                                                                                                        acquisition and display are
                                                                                         performed using FDAcleared devices.

Device Class       Class II                              Class II                      No difference


Regulation        21 CFR 864.3700                   21 CFR 864.3700               No difference
Number

Classification      Whole Slide Imaging System          Whole Slide Imaging System       No difference
Name

Product Code    QKQ                        PSY                             There is a difference.
                                                                                       INFINITT DPS is a Digital
                                                                                           Pathology Image Viewing
                                                                                 and Management
                                                                                               Software, but NanoZoomer
                                                                     S360MD Slide scanner
                                                                                     system is a Whole Slide
                                                                                        Imaging System including
                                                                                        scanner and hardware
                                                                                      components.

Indications for      INFINITT DPS is a software device     The NanoZoomer S360MD Slide     INFINITT DPS is a
Use                intended for viewing and management   scanner system (“NanoZoomer        software-only digital
                      of whole slide digital images derived     System”) is an automated digital      pathology image viewing
                   from scanned surgical pathology          slide creation, viewing, and         and management system,
                      slides prepared from formalin-fixed,     management system. The           whereas NanoZoomer
                   paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue. It    NanoZoomer System is intended    S360MD Slide scanner
                   serves as an aid for pathologists to       for in vitro diagnostic use as an aid    system includes the
                   review and interpret these digital         to the pathologist to review and       scanner, software, and
                 images for the purpose of pathology      interpret digital images of surgical      display. This difference
                    primary diagnosis.                     pathology slides prepared from       does not impact safety or
                                                                formalin-fixed paraffin embedded      effectiveness, as INFINITT
                  INFINITT DPS is intended for use with   (“FFPE”) tissue. The NanoZoomer   DPS relies on the FDAHamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD     System is not intended for use with    cleared scanner
                  scanner and Barco MDPC-8127         frozen section, cytology, or non-      (Hamamatsu NanoZoomer
                      display.                       FFPE hematopathology specimens.  S360MD Slide scanner
                                                                                          system) and display for
                                 It is the responsibility of the           The NanoZoomer System           image acquisition and
                     pathologist to implement appropriate    comprises the NanoZoomer           presentation, and its
                   procedures and safeguards that       S360MD Slide scanner, the           intended use remains
                  assure the integrity and accuracy of    NZViewMD Software and a           equivalent for primary
                 image interpretation when utilizing the   compatible display that has been      diagnosis of FFPE surgical
                  INFINITT DPS. The system is not       510(k) cleared for use with the        pathology slides.
                   intended for use with frozen sections,   NanoZoomer system or a 510(k)-
                      cytology, or non-FFPE                  cleared display that has been
                  hematopathology specimens.          assessed in accordance with the
                                                       Predetermined Change Control
                                                       Plan (PCCP) for qualifying
                                                                 additional compatible displays. The
                                               NanoZoomer System is for creation
                                                  and viewing of digital images of
                                                   scanned glass slides that would
                                                          otherwise be appropriate for
                                                   manual visualization by
                                                           conventional light microscopy. It is
                                                           the responsibility of a qualified

                                   Page 7 of 9

General         Subject Device – INFINITT DPS      Predicate: NanoZoomer S360MD        If different, Impact on
    Function                  (K243449)                Slide scanner system (K233027)     Safety and or Efficacy

                                                               pathologist to employ appropriate
                                                       procedures and safeguards to
                                                       assure the validity of the
                                                                  interpretation of images obtained
                                                          using NanoZoomer System.

Specimen type      Surgical pathology slides prepared       Surgical pathology slides prepared   No difference
                   from FFPE tissue.                     from FFPE tissue.

Image Storage     Images are stored in an end user       Images are stored in an end user    No difference
                   provided image storage attached to      provided image storage attached to
                    the local network.                       the local network.

Image             Panning, zooming, gamma function,     Panning, zooming, annotations,     No significant difference
manipulation        annotations, and measurements       and measurements (distance &
functions            (distance & area)                       area)

Image review and   During review, the pathologist opens     During review, the pathologist       No significant difference
Diagnosis        WSI images acquired with a           opens WSI images acquired with
               Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD    Hamamatsu NanoZoomer S360MD
                  scanner from the image storage,        scanner from the image storage,
                   performs further QC and reads WSI     performs further QC and reads WSI
                 images of the slides to make a         images of the slides to make a
                     diagnosis.                               diagnosis.

End User’s         INFINITT DPS Viewer provides the     The NZViewMD software opens the   There is a difference.
Interface            function to view the selected slide or    WSI images acquired with slide      NanoZoomer S360MD
                   gross images and manipulate them     scanner from the image storage       Slide scanner system uses
                   using various tools.                    attached to local network and uses     their proprietary viewer
                                                           the color profile to render the image   (NZViewMD software) and
                                                         data to the calibrated display         INFINITT uses its INFINITT
                                                          monitor to deliver the image view at  DPS proprietary viewer.
                                                           the appropriate magnification.       The use of INFINITT DPS
                                                                                         Viewer does not modify
                                                                                                          existing risks or raise any
                                                                         new potential safety risks.
                                                                                                 Therefore, we believe
                                                                                                  there is no impact on
                                                                                                     safety or efficacy of the
                                                                                                   subject device.

Scanner           INFINITT DPS does not include a      NanoZoomer S360MD Slide         INFINITT DPS does not
                   scanner; however, it is indicated for     scanner system includes the          include a scanner but is
                 use with the Hamamatsu           S360MD Slide scanner system.       indicated for use with the
                NanoZoomer S360MD Slide scanner                                      FDA-cleared Hamamatsu
                   system.                                                       NanoZoomer S360MD
                                                                                                    Slide scanner system.
                                                                             NanoZoomer S360MD
                                                                                                    Slide scanner system
                                                                                                  includes the scanner as
                                                                                                         part of the system. This
                                                                                                       difference does not impact
                                                                                                     safety or effectiveness,
                                                                                               since both devices rely on
                                                                                                the same FDA-cleared
                                                                                        scanner for image
                                                                                                            acquisition.

Display monitor     INFINITT DPS does not include a      NanoZommer S360MD Slide       No significant difference
                     monitor; however, it is indicated for      scanner system does not include a
                 use with the Barco MDPC-8127.         monitor; however, it is indicated for
                                                   use with the JVC Kenwood JDPage 8 of 9

General         Subject Device – INFINITT DPS      Predicate: NanoZoomer S360MD        If different, Impact on
     Function                  (K243449)                Slide scanner system (K233027)     Safety and or Efficacy

                                                 C240BN01A, and Barco MDPC-
                                                   8127 Display.

  7. Conclusion
The 510(k) Pre-Market Notification for the INFINITT DPS, software device contains adequate
information, data, and nonclinical test results to determine substantial equivalence to the
predicate device. The new device and predicate devices are substantially equivalent in the
areas of technical characteristics, general function, application, and intended use does not raise
any new potential safety risks and is equivalent in performance to existing legally marketed
devices.
Non-clinical bench performance tests demonstrate that INFINITT DPS was found to have a
safety and effective profile that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                    Page 9 of 9