January 27, 2025

BunkerHill Health
℅ Nitya Narayanan
Director, Regulatory Affairs
436 Bryant Street
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94107


Re: K243229
    Trade/Device Name:  Bunkerhill AVC
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: December 18, 2024
    Received: December 23, 2024


Dear Nitya Narayanan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243229 - Nitya Narayanan                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243229 - Nitya Narayanan                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for UseI===============  Submission Number (if known)
  I K243229
  Device Name
  I Bunkerhill AVC

   Indications for Use (Describe)
   Bunkerhill AVG is a software device intended for use in detecting presence and estimating quantity
   of aortic valve calcification for adult patients aged 40 years and above. The device automatically
   analyzes non-gated, non-contrast chest computed tomography (CT) images collected during clinical
   care and outputs the region of interest (intended for informational purposes only) and quantification
   of detected calcium.

  The output of the subject device is made available to the physician on-demand as part of his or her
   standard workflow. The device-generated quantification can be viewed in the patient report at the
   discretion of the physician, and the physician also has the option of viewing the device-generated
   calcium region of interest in a diagnostic image viewer. The subject device output in no way replaces
   the original patient report or the original non-gated, non-contrast CT scan; both are still available to
  be viewed and used at the discretion of the physician.

  The device is intended to provide information to the physician to provide assistance during review of
   the patient's case. Results of the subject device are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
  and are solely intended to aid and provide information to the physician. In all cases, further action
   taken on a patient should only come at the recommendation of the physician after further reviewing
   the patient's results.

  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
             *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
            time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
             of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                 "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K243229


                                   510(K) SUMMARY
                                          Bunkerhilll AVC


BunkerHill Health Inc.
436 Bryant Street
San Francisco CA 94107

 Phone: (408) 8028146
 Contact Person: Nitya Narayanan

 Date Prepared: January 27, 2025

 Proposed Device
   Proprietary Name       Bunkerhill AVC
   Classification Name    Computed tomography x-ray system
   Regulation Number    21 CFR 892.1750
  Product Code        JAK

  Regulatory Class           II


 Predicate Device
   Proprietary Name        iCAC Device
  Premarket Notification    K230223
   Classification Name       Computed tomography x-ray system
   Regulation Number       21 CFR 892.1750
  Product Code          JAK
  Regulatory Class               II


 Device Description
 Bunkerhill AVC is a software as a medical device (SaMD) product that interfaces with compatible and
 commercially available computed tomography (CT) systems. Bunkerhill AVC detects, localizes, and
 quantifies aortic valve calcification in non-gated, non-contrast chest CT studies. The core features of the
 product are:
         •      Detection of aortic valve calcification at an Agatston-equivalent score threshold of 0 AU.
         •      Estimation of the overall aortic valve calcification burden in the form of an estimated
         Agatston-equivalent Score.
         •      Localization of estimated calcium burden in the form of AVC region of interest applied
          to a copy of the original CT scan.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

    Bunkerhill AVC is a software device intended for use in detecting presence and estimating quantity of
    aortic valve calcification for adult patients aged 40 years and above. The device automatically
    analyzes non-gated, non-contrast chest computed tomography (CT) images collected during clinical
    care and outputs the region of interest (intended for informational purposes only) and quantification
    of detected calcium.

   The output of the subject device is made available to the physician on-demand as part of his or her
    standard workflow. The device-generated quantification can be viewed in the patient report at the
    discretion of the physician, and the physician also has the option of viewing the device-generated
    calcium region of interest in a diagnostic image viewer. The subject device output in no way replaces
    the original patient report or the original non-gated, non-contrast CT scan; both are still available to
   be viewed and used at the discretion of the physician.

   The device is intended to provide information to the physician to provide assistance during review of
    the patient’s case. Results of the subject device are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis and
    are solely intended to aid and provide information to the physician. In all cases, further action taken
   on a patient should only come at the recommendation of the physician after further reviewing the
    patient’s results.


Note: The only difference in intended use between subject and predicate device is that while predicate
device is used in coronary artery calcification, subject device is used to estimate calcification in aortic valve.
The differences in anatomical area do not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness. Both devices
assist the medical professionals in detecting presence and location of calcifications. Both subject and
predicate devices are to aid medical professionals in viewing and analyzing cardiac computed tomography
(CT) data to determine presence and extent of calcification.


A table comparing the intended use of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.
                    Proposed Device: Bunkerhill AVC         Predicate Device: iCAC Device
                                                        (K230223)

  Intended use /   Bunkerhill AVC is a software device     iCAC is a software device intended for
  Indications for   intended for use in detecting presence      use in estimating presence and quantity
       use       and estimating quantity of aortic valve     of coronary artery calcium for patients
                     calcification for adult patients aged 40     aged 30 years and above during routine
                   years and above. The device                care. The device automatically analyzes
                   automatically analyzes non-gated, non-     non-gated, non-contrast chest computed
                    contrast chest computed tomography      tomography (CT) images collected
                (CT) images collected during clinical      during routine care and outputs a visual
                   care and outputs the region of interest      representation of estimated coronary
                   (intended for informational purposes       artery calcium segmentation (intended
                   only) and quantification of detected         for informational purposes only) and
                   calcium.                                both exact and four-category quantitative
                                                              estimates of the patient’s coronary artery
                                                        calcium burden in Agatston units.

Proposed Device: Bunkerhill AVC         Predicate Device: iCAC Device
                                                        (K230223)

               The output of the subject device is made
                    available to the physician on-demand as   The output of the subject device is made
                    part of his or her standard workflow. The    available to the physician on-demand as
                   device-generated quantification can be     part of his or her standard workflow. The
                 viewed in the patient report at the         device generated calcium score or score
                    discretion of the physician, and the        group can be viewed in the patient report
                   physician also has the option of viewing    at the discretion of the physician, and the
                    the device-generated calcium region of     physician also has the option of viewing
                      interest in a diagnostic image viewer.      the device-generated calcium
               The subject device output in no way       segmentation in a diagnostic image
                   replaces the original patient report or the   viewer. The subject device output in no
                    original non-gated, non-contrast CT      way replaces the original patient report
                   scan; both are still available to be viewed   or the original chest CT scan; both are
                 and used at the discretion of the                still available to be viewed and used at
                    physician.                                 the discretion of the physician.

               The device is intended to provide        The device is intended to provide
                   information to the physician to provide     information to the physician to provide
                    assistance during review of the patient’s    assistance during review of the patient’s
                    case. Results of the subject device are      case. Results of the subject device are
                   not intended to be used on a stand-alone    not intended to be used on a stand-alone
                    basis and are solely intended to aid and     basis and are solely intended to aid and
                  provide information to the physician. In    provide information to the physician. In
                        all cases, further action taken on a patient    all cases, further action taken on a
                  should only come at the recommendation   patient should only come at the
                   of the physician after further reviewing    recommendation of the physician after
                    the patient’s results.                         further reviewing the patient’s results.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

   ●  Both the predicate and the subject device use deep-learning algorithms to identify the presence of
         calcification and estimate calcification.
   ●  Both devices analyze non-gated chest computed tomography (CT) images that are sent to the
        software in DICOM format.
   ●  Both the predicate and the subject device quantify the calcification by generating a metric (an
        estimated score). These metrics are both based on the Agatston-equivalent score.
   ●  Both devices serve as support tools to provide information to the physician. Both can be used ondemand or optionally by the physician and do not provide a definitive diagnosis. Both devices do
        not replace clinical evaluation and do not alter the standard of care. Both require the physician to
       use this information to decide next steps and/or additional diagnostic work up.
   ●  Both devices provide a visual representation of the region of the detected calcification for better
        explainability and for the physician to confirm the device output.

The following technological difference exists between the subject and predicate devices:

   ●  The predicate device estimates presence and quantity of coronary artery calcium and additionally
         defines 4 detection categories for reporting the coronary artery calcium score whereas the subject
        device only provides a binary output (presence/absence of calcification) and an estimated
         Agatston-equivalent score for aortic valve calcium. The predicate device provides a segmentation
         output, whereas the subject device provides a circular region of interest (ROI) around detected
          calcification.


                      Proposed Device:       Predicate Device: iCAC        Summary
                          Bunkerhill AVC             Device (K230223)


 Product code      JAK               JAK                   Same

 Regulation number  21 CFR §892.1750       21 CFR §892.1750         Same

 Modality          Computed tomography    Computed tomography      Same
                    (CT)                   (CT)

 Image format     DICOM            DICOM                 Same

 Contrast             Non-contrast              Non-contrast             Same

 Supported CT scan   Non-cardiac-gated CT     Non-cardiac-gated CT scan   Same
                      scan

  Slice thickness     Up to 5 mm          Up to 5 mm              Same

  Calcification        Automatic               Automatic               Same
  detection

 Main image quality  DICOM            DICOM                 Same

 Annotation of      Yes                   Yes                    Same
 detected calcium

 Visual              Visual output in the form  Outputs a visual              Predicate device shows
 Output             a Circular Region of       representation of             estimated segmentation
 format                Interest (ROI) around      estimated coronary           as one of the device
                      detected calcification                                   outputs whereas subject                                                    artery calcium
                      (intended for                                          device shows a ROI, not                                              segmentation
                      informational purposes                                 segmentation.                                                (intended for
                        only). The estimated
                                                 informational                       visual output can be
                                              purposes only). The                   viewed by the physician
                        in a

diagnostic image viewer.  estimated calcium           Both are for information
                 The physician’s standard  segmentation can be          only.
                 method for viewing       viewed by the
                     unaltered chest CT scans                                              physician in a
                      in PACS will remain                                                diagnostic image
                      available to them even if                                              viewer. The
                     the subject device is
                                                physician’s standard                    being used. However, the
                                       method for viewing                    physician will also have
                                                unaltered chest CT                  an option to view the
                      visual output estimated    scans in PACS will
                 by the subject device as a  remain available to
                     separate series within     them even if the
                PACS.                    subject device is being
                                               used.
                                        However, the
                                              physician will also
                                          have an option to view
                                                the calcium
                                            segmentation
                                              estimated by the
                                                 subject device as a
                                                separate series within
                                    PACS.
Generate patient     Optional to copy result     Optional to copy result to  Same
report                to clipboard, insert in      clipboard, insert in report,
                       report, DICOM       DICOM Secondary Capture
                   Secondary Capture

Report    of    the  Yes, estimated            Yes, Coronary Calcium     iCAC provides
   calcium score        Agatston-equivalent       Detection Category and       estimation of coronary
                       score and binary           estimated Agatston score     calcium burden
                       output                                             whereas subject device
                                          4 detection categories                        (presence/absence)                                     provides estimation of
                                                                                       calcification on aortic
                                                                                  valve.


  Type of             Adjunctive information    Adjunctive information      Same
   Interpretation

   Intended User        Qualified medical          Interpreting physicians        Similar
                         professionals such as
                         cardiologists or
                          radiologists

   Patient population    Patients aged 40 years    Patients above the age of 30   Similar
                    and above

   Anatomical         Chest                    Chest                  Same
   location

   Intended location    Medical facility          Medical facility           Same

  Rx or OTC       Rx                 Rx                    Same

  Measurement scale   Agatston-equivalent units  Agatston-equivalent units    Same


 Performance Data
 Safety and performance of Bunkerhill AVC has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
 specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development and Validation &
 Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User Requirements and Federal
 Regulations and Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions”.

The Bunkerhill AVC performance was validated in a stand-alone retrospective study for localization and
agreement of the device output compared to the established ground truth. The pivotal dataset was curated
from thirty-three (33) sites across three geographical regions in the United States. The primary endpoint was
a Bland Altman agreement analysis and the secondary endpoint was Precision and Recall of the circular
ROI. The acceptance criteria were derived from the performance of the predicate device and clinical
literature in high impact journals that investigate the inter-reader agreement of manual segmentation.

The observed bias in the pivotal study was –5.15 AU and lower and upper limits agreements were –200.96
AU and 190.65 AU, respectively. As result, Bunkerhill AVC met the mean difference and limits of
agreement acceptance criteria, thus satisfying the endpoints of the pivotal testing study. The low mean
difference demonstrates that Bunkerhill AVC has a bias of low magnitude. The observed Precision was
0.826 (0.784, 0.863) and the observed Recall was 0.855 (0.818, 0.890). As a result, Bunkerhill AVC met the
secondary endpoint acceptance criteria.

The testing demonstrates that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate as required by 21 CFR
807.92(b)(3) since both the predicate and subject device demonstrated that with the cited mean difference
and limits of agreement, the primary endpoint for calcium score was met.


 Conclusions

 Bunkerhill AVC is substantially equivalent to the predicate iCAC Device (K230223). The subject device
 has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation
 as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the
 device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In summary, any minor
 differences between Bunkerhill AVC and the iCAC Device do not raise any issues of safety or effectiveness.