May 30, 2025


Audax d.o.o.
℅ Josh Ellis
Consultant
Trellis Enterprises LLC
PO Box 1406
BOULDER, UT 84716


Re: K243005
    Trade/Device Name: AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 29, 2025
    Received: April 30, 2025


Dear Josh Ellis:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243005 - Josh Ellis                                                                  Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243005 - Josh Ellis                                                                  Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
               Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243005

Device Name
AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is designed for use by specialized dental practices for storing and presenting
patient images and assisting in treatment planning. Results produced by the software's treatment planning tools are
dependent on the interpretation of trained and licensed practitioners.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

FDA 510(k) Summary

                                                                                                                                                                                       Rev. 3

                K243005 510(k) Summary
SUBMITTER INFORMATION:
DATE PREPARED:        September 23, 2024 (Revised 05/30/2025)

510(k) SUBMITTER:       Audax d.o.o.
                           Tehnološki park 18c, 1000
                               Ljubljana, Slovenia
Phone:                  00386 1 200 4050
510(k) CONTACT:         Josh Ellis

DEVICE INFORMATION:
DEVICE TRADE NAME:    AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software
COMMON NAME:           Dental imaging software
CLASSIFICATION NAME:   Medical Image Management and Processing System
REGULATION NUMBER:   21 CFR §892.2050
PRODUCT CODE:        QIH
DEVICE CLASS:                    II

PREDICATE DEVICE:
The predicate device chosen for this submission is CephX Cephalometric Analysis
Software (K231396) cleared on January 31, 2024, legally marketed by Orca Dental AI,
Ltd.

No reference devices were used in this submission.

To identify a suitable predicate, the short list of devices in Product Codes LLZ & QIH
that have similar Indications for Use (cephalogram analysis) were analyzed according to
applicable FDA Guidance.1

DEVICE DESCRIPTION:
AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is a software-only device intended for use
by specialty dental professionals in the development of 2D dental treatment planning
utilizing cephalogram landmarks. Cephalogram imagery must be captured separately
and inputted to the program using a variety of common file formats (BMP, JPG, JPEG,
PNG, TIFF). Landmarks are digitized, structures are traced, measurements can be
taken, and various custom analysis types are possible. The software assists in
orthodontic treatment planning by providing image analysis, superimpositions, and VTO
(visualized treatment objective).
The software is offered in two different client configurations: A desktop client as an
application locally-hosted on a PC (“AudaxCeph Ultimate” and “Essentials”), and a
cloud-hosted solution (“AudaxCeph WeDoCeph”) which is accessible by a web browser
client. Both are intended for use only by specialty dental professionals, have no patient-


1 “Best Practices for Selecting a Predicate Device to Support a Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission” (2023).
Retrieved from: https://www.fda.gov/media/171838/download
510(k) Summary                                         Page 1 of 5

FDA 510(k) Summary

                                                                                                                                                                                       Rev. 3

interacting components or interfaces, and all analysis capabilities of the AudaxCeph
Cephalogram Analysis software that inform clinical decisions are within the capabilities
of the CephX Cephalometric Analysis Software predicate device.

INDICATIONS FOR USE:
AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is designed for use by specialized dental
practices for storing and presenting patient images and assisting in treatment planning.
Results produced by the software's treatment planning tools are dependent on the
interpretation of trained and licensed practitioners.

The Indications for Use statement for the AudaxCeph device is not identical to the
predicate device; however, the differences do not alter the intended therapeutic use of
the device nor do they affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the
predicate. There are no differences in the use environment, intended users, or
anatomical structures of use between the devices. Both the subject device and
predicate device have the same intended use of storing and presenting patient images
and assisting in dental treatment planning.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
DEVICE
Cephalogram analysis involves landmark placement and various measurements
between landmarks to aid in dental treatment planning. The technological principle for
both the subject AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software and predicate CephX
Cephalometric Analysis Software (K231396) is to utilize computer software to digitize
landmark placement and measurement tasks. A comparison between the technological
and use characteristics of the subject and the predicate device, summarized in Table 1,
demonstrates that the design, technology, and Indications for Use of the AudaxCeph
Cephalogram Analysis Software are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


510(k) Summary                                         Page 2 of 5

FDA 510(k) Summary

                                                                                                                                                                                       Rev. 3

Table 1: Comparison of Subject Device with Predicate Device
                                 SUBJECT:                PREDICATE:
             Feature           AudaxCeph Cephalogram   CephX Cephalometric Analysis
                                     Analysis Software                 Software
   510(k) Number                                        K231396
                                Designed for use by            Indicated for use by dentists who
                                     specialized dental practices     provide orthodontic treatment for
                                           for storing and presenting      image analysis, simulation,
                                       patient images and assisting    profilogram, VTO (Visual
                                           in treatment planning.          Treatment Objective), and patient
                                   Results produced by the        consultation. Results produced by
  Intended Use                    software's treatment planning   the software’s diagnostic,
                                        tools are dependent on the     treatment planning and simulation
                                        interpretation of trained and     tools are dependent on the
                                    licensed practitioners.           interpretation of trained and
                                                                    licensed practitioners or dentists.
                                                      The device is only for use on
                                                                       patients 14 years old and above.
  Product Code               QIH                     QIH
  Type of Use (Rx /OTC)        Rx                      Rx
                                     Orthodontic, oral maxillofacial   Orthodontic, oral maxillofacial
  User                             surgery, and dental-specialty    surgery, and dental-specialty
                                       practices.                        practices.
                                 IBM-compatible PC or PC      IBM-compatible PC or PC   Platform                                 network                      network
                                x64-based processor or  Processor                                                x64-based processor or higher                                    higher
                                   Local PC hosted or cloud  Software Access                                            Cloud-hosted                                 hosted
   Materials, Additives, &                                  N/A, software-only device      N/A, software-only device   Finishing Agents
  Energy Delivery                N/A, software-only device      N/A, software-only device
  Anatomical Area                Dental, Maxilla, Mandible       Dental, Maxilla, Mandible
  Device Features
  2D Image Acquisition/Digitizing
    (radiological/image capture         No                     No
    interface/controls)
  2D Automatic Tracing                             Yes                      Yes   w/Clinician Review
  2D Image Measurements       Yes                      Yes
  2D Image Superimposition      Yes                      Yes
  2D Growth Forecast           Yes                      Yes
  2D Treatment Simulation       Yes                      Yes
  2D Custom Analysis Editor      Yes                      Yes
  2D Orthognathic Surgical                          No                     No   Planning
   Implant Module             No                     No
  3D Image Capability          No                     No
  Landmarks                   60                        21

The subject device and the predicate device have the following technological
differences:

510(k) Summary                                         Page 3 of 5

FDA 510(k) Summary

                                                                                                                                                                                       Rev. 3

    1. The wording of the Indications for Use are slightly different but both have the
     same Intended Use. The predicate includes a restriction limiting device usage to
       patients 14 years of age or above while the subject device does not include such
     a restriction. The removal of an age limitation from the Indications for Use in the
       subject device is consistent with other similar software on the market and
       consistent with a practitioner’s ability to do manual tracing on a patient of any
      age. The appropriateness and validity of the various named analyses to mixeddentition populations is well-documented in the literature and generally known
     and understood in the population of intended users.
    2. The subject device is capable of operating in PC-based standalone software
       configuration instead of only a cloud-hosted configuration like the predicate
       device.
    3. The predicate device is capable of identifying 21 landmarks while the subject
      device is capable of identifying 60.

All analysis capabilities of the AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis software that inform
clinical decisions are within the capabilities of the CephX Cephalometric Analysis
Software predicate device.

NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING
Non-clinical testing, including software verification tests, evaluated:
    •   Unit testing
    •  Performance Testing
    •  Manual Testing
    •   Integration Testing
    •  System and Regression Testing

The device has been designed, manufactured, and tested in accordance with the FDA
Voluntary Consensus Standards and Guidance outlined in Table 2. Software
verification and validation activities have been successfully performed on the software
package, including assurance that functions work as designed, measurements are
accurate, performance requirements and specifications have been met, and that all
hazard mitigations have been fully implemented. All testing has met the predetermined
acceptance values.

Table 2: Non-Clinical Testing Standards & Guidance
  Standard              Title                      FDA Recognition #

                           Medical device software - Software life  IEC 62304 ed. 1.1                                                 13-79                             cycle processes
                           Medical devices - Part 1: Application of  IEC 62366-1 ed 1.1                                                5-129                                 usability engineering to medical devices
                           Medical devices - Application of risk  ISO 14971:2019                                                  5-125                       management to medical devices


510(k) Summary                                         Page 4 of 5

FDA 510(k) Summary

                                                                                                                                                                                       Rev. 3

  Standard              Title                      FDA Recognition #

                           Medical device software - Part 1: Guidance
  IEC TR 80002-1 ed. 1.0   on the application of ISO 14971 to medical    13-34
                            device software
                            Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality  FDA Guidance                                                      Docket:                        System Considerations and Content of  (09-27-2023)                                                  FDA-2021-D-1158                          Premarket Submissions
                               Principles for medical device security - Risk  AAMI TIR57:2016                                                 13-83                        management.

To verify the accuracy of automatically placed landmarks, first an acceptance criteria
study was performed to assess the accuracy of manual landmark placement. The
results of that study, combined with a literature review of other studies, was used to
establish the acceptance criteria upon which automatic landmark detection accuracy
was evaluated. The accuracy study involved automatically-detected landmarks
reviewed by orthodontists. The results of the accuracy study, as shown in Table 3,
indicate that the device met all acceptance criteria for automatic landmark detection.

Table 3: Automatic Landmark Detection Accuracy Study Results

                  Parameter            Acceptance Criteria    Conclusion
                            Lateral                 ≤ 1.5           PASS
      MRE (mm)
                            Frontal (PA)             ≤ 2.5           PASS

CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING
No clinical testing was required to support substantial equivalence.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE CONCLUSION:
The intended use and fundamental technological capabilities of cephalometric
tracing/landmark analysis, image superimposition, and treatment planning of the
AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software and that of the predicate device are
identical. Although the predicate device is a cloud-based software and AudaxCeph also
offers a desktop-based interface, the difference does not raise any new questions
regarding safety or effectiveness. Both devices have been verified and validated using
internal protocols according to FDA-recognized consensus standards. The information
presented in this submission sufficiently demonstrates that the proposed device is as
safe and effective as the predicate device.
Thus, the AudaxCeph Cephalogram Analysis Software is substantially equivalent for all
regulatory purposes to the legally marketed predicate device CephX Cephalometric
Analysis Software (K231396).


510(k) Summary                                         Page 5 of 5