January 24, 2025
ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
Brennan Sullivan
Regulatory Affairs Manager
120 S. Sierra Ave., Suite 100
Solana Beach, California 92075


Re: K243657
    Trade/Device Name:  ClearPoint System (Software Version 3.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: HAW
    Dated: November 26, 2024
    Received: November 27, 2024

Dear Brennan Sullivan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243657 - Brennan Sullivan                                                  Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243657 - Brennan Sullivan                                                  Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
             Adam D.   DigitallyAdam D. signedPierce -Sby
                   Pierce -S   Date:12:36:192025.01.24-05'00'
                                Adam D. Pierce, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243657

Device Name
ClearPoint System (Software Version 3.0)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The ClearPoint System is intended to provide stereotactic guidance for the placement and operation of instruments or
devices during planning and operation of neurological procedures within an operating room environment and in
conjunction with MR and/or CT imaging. During planning, the system is intended to provide functionality for the
automatic identification, labeling, visualization, and quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of loaded
MR images. The ClearPoint System is intended as an integral part of procedures that have traditionally used stereotactic
methodology. These procedures include biopsies, catheter and electrode insertion including deep brain stimulation (DBS)
(asleep or awake) lead placement. When used in an MRI environment, the system is intended for use only with 1.5 and
3.0 Tesla MRI scanners and MR Conditional implants and devices.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243657 Page 1 of 10


                                 510(k) Summary
                                for the ClearPoint Neuro
                             ClearPoint 3.0 Software
                                 (per 21CFR 807.87)

1.  SUBMITTER/510(K) HOLDER
     ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
    6349 Paseo Del Lago
     Carlsbad, CA 92011
     Contact Person: Brennan Sullivan
     Telephone:     617-678-1028

     Date Prepared:  January 24, 2025

2.  DEVICE INFORMATION
    Name of Device:            ClearPoint System 3.0 Software
    Common or Usual Name:    ClearPoint System
      Classification:              Neurological Stereotaxic Instrument, 21CFR 882.4560
     Regulatory Class:           Class II
     Product Code        HAW


3.  PREDICATE DEVICES

        •  ClearPoint Software Version 2.2         K233243

        •  ClearPoint Software Version 2.1         K222519
4.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION
    The updated ClearPoint Software Version 3.0 introduces modifications to support a new
     clinical workflow using intraoperative CT imaging when compared to the previous
     ClearPoint Software Version 2.2 (K233243).  The ClearPoint System described in this
    submission is essentially identical from a technological standpoint to the cleared predicate
     device described in K233243 (ClearPoint System version 2.2). As mentioned above, since
     the prior clearance, the company has implemented software features to enable usage of the
     ClearPoint System during CT-guided procedures, in addition to MR-guided procedures
    supported in the predicate device. The hardware components are unchanged from the device
     described in K233243 and minor changes were made to the indications for use.
    The  ClearPoint System  is comprised  of  a  workstation  laptop  with  software,  the
   SMARTGrid Planning Grid, the SMARTFrame Trajectory Frame, the SMARTFrame
    Accessory Kit and the SMARTFrame Thumbwheel Extension.  The SMARTGrid and
     associated Marking Tool are designed to assist the physician to precisely position the entry
     hole as called out in the trajectory planning software. The SMARTFrame is an Adjustable
     Trajectory Frame (ATF) that provides the guidance and fixation for neurosurgical tools.

K243657 Page 2 of 10


The image-visible fluids of the Targeting Cannula along with the fiducial markers in the
base  of  the frame  allows  for  trajectory  feedback when  the  physician views  the
intraoperatively acquired images, makes changes and confirms with subsequent image
acquisitions.

Optionally, the ClearPoint System can be used with any head fixation frame to immobilize
the patient’s head with respect to the scanner table. ClearPoint Neuro also supplies an
optional head fixation frame that can be used with the ClearPoint System.

The ClearPoint Workstation includes the following:

    1.  ClearPoint Workstation Software (for trajectory planning and monitoring)
    2.  Laptop Computer

The hardware components of the current ClearPoint System are the SMARTFrame and
Accessories.  They are all single use devices that are provided sterile and include the
following:

    1. SMARTGrid Planning Grid (interacts with the software to determine the desired
       location of the burr hole)
             a.  Marking Grid
            b.  Marking Tool
    2. SMARTFrame Pack (SMARTFrame or SMARTFrame XG)
             a. SMARTFrame (“ATF”) with Base
            b.  Centering Device and Wharen Centering Guide
             c.  Dock
            d.  Device Lock
             e.  Screwdriver
                f.  Roll Lock Screw and Washer
    3.  Rescue Screws (Extra Titanium Screws)
    4. Thumbwheel Extension
    5.  Accessory Kit
             a.  Peel-away Sheath
            b.  Stylet
             c.  Lancet
            d.  Depth Stop
             e.  Ruler
    6.  Scalp Mount Base
    7.  Guide Tubes and Device Guide Packs (Guide Cannulas)


In addition, the ClearPoint System is used with the following separately cleared or Class I,
510(k) exempt products:

   •  SmartTip MRI Hand Drill and Drill Bit Kit
   •  MRI Neuro Procedure Drape, with Marker Pen and Cover

K243657 Page 3 of 10


        •  SmartFrame Fiducial

    Each of the above packs is sold separately and is intended to be used with the ClearPoint
    System. Each of the components has been described in detail in previous submissions. The
     ClearPoint System described in this 510(k) is a modification to the company’s cleared
     ClearPoint System (K233243).

5.  INDICATIONS FOR USE
    The ClearPoint System is intended to provide stereotactic guidance for the placement and
     operation of instruments or devices during planning and operation of neurological
    procedures within an operating room environment and in conjunction with MR and/or CT
    imaging. During planning, the system is intended to provide functionality for the automatic
     identification, labeling, visualization, and quantification of segmentable brain structures
    from a set of loaded MR images. The ClearPoint System is intended as an integral part of
    procedures that have traditionally used stereotactic methodology. These procedures include
     biopsies, catheter and electrode insertion including deep brain stimulation (DBS) (asleep or
    awake) lead placement. When used in an MRI environment, the system is intended for use
    only with 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla MRI scanners and MR Conditional implants and devices.

6.  NON-CLINICAL TESTING
     ClearPoint Neuro performed extensive Non-Clinical Verification Testing to evaluate the
     safety and performance of the software components of ClearPoint System (Software
    Version 3.0). The following software verification testing was performed:

        •  Automated Verification
        •   Integrated System Verification using Magnetic Resonance Imaging
        •  Regression Test Verification
        •  Manual Testing
        •  Accuracy Verification using Computed Tomography Imaging

    The results of all testing met the acceptance criteria and demonstrated that the proposed
     ClearPoint System (Software Version 3.0) complies with all design specifications and
     performs as expected.

     Accuracy testing was performed using an MRI scanner to confirm that modifications
     included in the ClearPoint System 3.0 did not cause any unexpected changes in the
     accuracy specifications of the software, with successful results. Additionally, accuracy
      testing was performed in a CT scanner to validate the CT-guided clinical workflow that is
    new to the ClearPoint 3.0 software and establish new ground-truth accuracy specifications.
     Table 1 outlines the demonstrated accuracy specifications of ClearPoint System using MRI
     guidance and is unchanged with respect to the predicate device. Table 2 outlines the
     demonstrated accuracy specifications of ClearPoint System with CT image-guidance.

K243657 Page 4 of 10


                 Table 1: ClearPoint System Accuracy Specifications - MRI
    Performance Validation Positional Error (mm)        Angular Error (deg.)
     ClearPoint System      Mean (X,Y,Z) Std. Dev. 99% CI Mean Std. Dev. 99% CI
                             0.14          0.37     0.44    0.32° 0.17°    0.46°
                             0.16          0.54     0.60
                             0.56          0.57     0.10

                 Table 2: ClearPoint System Accuracy Specifications – CT
             Positional Error (mm)                    Trajectory Angle Error (Degrees)
Mean           Standard     99% CI       Mean        Standard     99% CI
                  Deviation    Upper Bound                    Deviation    Upper Bound
     0.81            0.49            0.93            0.31            0.23            0.37

 7.  TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

      ClearPoint System (Version 3.0) is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared
      ClearPoint System (Version 2.2) (K233243) and the reference device StealthStation
      Cranial Software, v3.1.5 (K231976). The subject device’s hardware is identical in design
     and technological characteristics to the predicate device. The differences between the
      proposed and predicate devices are modifications to the software to enable its use during
     CT-guided neurosurgical procedures.

     Both the proposed and predicate ClearPoint Systems are intended to provide stereotactic
      guidance for the placement and operation of instruments or devices during planning and
      operation of neurological procedures in conjunction with MR imaging. The primary
      technological differences between the subject ClearPoint 3.0 and ClearPoint 2.2 predicate
      device are the following:

        •   Introduction of a full set of software modifications to support a clinical workflow
            using intraoperative CT imaging
        •   Introduction of the ability to automatically segment ClearPoint System hardware
           components from CT images (i.e., marking grid, frame markers, targeting cannula,
             inserted device)
        •   Introduction of a new set of image fusion tool improvements
        •   Introduction a set of tools and features to improve the clinical workflow post device
             insertion
        •  Obsolescence of product features that have very limited usage clinically.
        •   Introduction of the ability to visualize adjustable frame tower and initial frame
            adjustments prior to frame mounting
        •  Minor user interface updates for continuous improvement and product rebranding

     These modifications allow for enhanced functionality and compatibility of the ClearPoint
      System. These changes have been verified and validated and do not raise any different
      questions of safety or effectiveness and the subject device is substantially equivalent to
      the predicate.

K243657 Page 5 of 10


A substantial equivalence chart comparing the similarities and differences between the
ClearPoint System and its predicate devices is provided below.

K243657 Page 6 of 10


                       Table 3: Side-by-side comparison of ClearPoint System (Software Version 3.0) with Predicate Devices


   Characteristic       Proposed ClearPoint System (v3.0)          Primary Predicate                        Secondary Predicate
                                                          ClearPoint System (v2.2) K233243         StealthStation Cranial Software K231976

   Classification               21 CFR 882.4560                   21 CFR 882.4560                          21 CFR 882.4560
  Product Code            HAW                  HAW                      HAW

Indications for Use    The  ClearPoint System  is  intended  to  The  ClearPoint System  is  intended  to  The  StealthStation  System,  with  StealthStation  Cranial
                          provide  stereotactic  guidance  for  the   provide  stereotactic  guidance  for  the   software, is intended to aid in precisely locating anatomical
                         placement and operation of instruments or   placement and operation of instruments or   structures  in  either  open  or  percutaneous  neurosurgical
                           devices during planning and operation of   devices during planning and operation of   procedures. The system is indicated for any medical condition
                           neurological   procedures   within   an   neurological procedures within the MRI   in which reference to a rigid anatomical structure can be
                           operating  room  environment  and   in   environment and in conjunction with MR   identified relative to images of the anatomy. This can include,
                          conjunction   with  MR   and/or  CT   imaging.  During planning, the system is   but is not limited to, the following cranial procedures (including
                          imaging.  During planning, the system is   intended to provide functionality for the   stereotactic frame-based and stereotactic frame alternativesintended to provide functionality for the   automatic      identification,     labeling,   based procedures):
                          automatic      identification,     labeling,   visualization   and    quantification   of       •    Cranial biopsies (including stereotactic)
                              visualization,   and   quantification   of   segmentable brain structures from a set of       •   Deep brain stimulation (DBS) lead placement
                         segmentable brain structures from a set of   loaded MR  images.   The  ClearPoint       •   Depth electrode placement
                          loaded MR images. The ClearPoint System  System is intended as an integral part of       •   Tumor resections
                                  is intended as an integral part of procedures   procedures  that have  traditionally used       •   Craniotomies/Craniectomies
                              that have  traditionally used  stereotactic   stereotactic   methodology.       These                                                                                                             •    Skull Base Procedures
                         methodology. These  procedures  include   procedures include biopsies, catheter and                                                                                                             •   Transsphenoidal Procedures                             biopsies, catheter and electrode insertion   electrode insertion including deep brain                                                                                                             •   Thalamotomies/Pallidotomies                           including deep brain stimulation (DBS)   stimulation (DBS) lead placement.  The                                                                                                             •    Pituitary Tumor Removal                            (asleep or awake) lead placement. When  System is intended for use only with 1.5
                                                                                                             •   CSF leak repair                         used in an MRI environment, the system is  and  3.0  Tesla MRI  scanners and MR
                                                                                                             •    Pediatric Ventricular Catheter Placement                          intended for use only with 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla   conditional implants and devices.
                  MRI  scanners  and MR  Conditional                                               •   General Ventricular Catheter Placement
                          implants and devices.
   Environment       MRI Suite and Operating Room             MRI Suite              MRI Suite and Operating Room environment
                                  environment
Imaging Modalities     Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)    Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)             Computed Tomography (CT)
                       Computed Tomography (CT)                                                  Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI)
                                                                                                                 Nuclear Medicine
SMARTGrid Pack                                          Planning Grid & Marking tool                     NA

K243657 Page 7 of 10


SMARTFrame Pack   SmartFrame XG, Skull Mount Base,   SmartFrame XG, Skull Mount Base,                 NA
                         Scalp Mount  Base,  Bone  Screws,     Scalp Mount Base, Bone Screws,
                        Stand-Off      Pins,     Screwdriver,       Stand-Off Pins, Screwdriver,
                         Centering  Tool, Wharen  Centering    Centering Tool, Wharen Centering
                      Guide (packaged and sold separately),  Guide (packaged and sold separately),
                    Dock and Lock, Roll Lock Screw with    Dock and Lock, Roll Lock Screw
                       Washer,  Rescue  Screws  (packaged       with Washer, Rescue Screws
                           separately)                                  (packaged separately)

  Hand Controller        Thumbwheel Extension (Light     Thumbwheel Extension (Light Hand                 NA
                       Hand Controller)                                 Controller)
   Accessory pack       Peel away sheath, Lancet, Stylet,           Peel away sheath, Lancet, Stylet,                  NA
                      Depth stop, ruler                             Depth stop, ruler
     Drill Guides        4.5 mm , 5.4 mm, & 6.0 mm                 4.5 mm, 5.4 mm, & 6.0 mm                   NA
  Targeting Cannula    ID             0.0825”            ID             0.0825”                       NA
                           Materials:      Ultem and PEEK      Materials:      Ultem and PEEK

    Guide Tube                     1.24 - 1.80                            1.24 - 1.80                        NA
     Instruments
  Compatible (mm)
    Device Guide                      2.1 - 5.4                                2.1 - 5.4                           NA
     Instrument
 Compatibility (mm)
 Targeting Accuracy       ± 1.5 mm @ ≤125mm                 ± 1.5 mm @ ≤125mm         Under  representative  worst-case  configuration,  the
                                                                                                        StealthStation®  System  with  StealthStation  Cranial
                                                                                                       Software,  has  demonstrated  performance   in  3D
                                                                                                               positional accuracy with a mean error ≤ 2.0 mm and in
                                                                                                                   trajectory angle accuracy with a mean error ≤ 2.0 degrees
     Packaging            Sterile, Sealed Tray/Pouch                       Sterile, Sealed Tray/Pouch                   NA
      Software             Version 3.0                                  Version 2.2                                          3.1.5
  Operating System         Microsoft Windows Operating         Microsoft Windows Operating              Microsoft Windows Operating System
                          System                                     System
   Programming           Visual C#                             Visual C#                                    C++
     Languages             Visual C++                       Visual C++
Visualization Features   •   Display of MR images in          •   Display of MR images in           Ultrasound Video In, Ultrasound Overlay, 3D, 2D
                              reformatted (MPR) and 3D views.       reformatted (MPR) and 3D views.  Anatomic Orthogonal, Trajectory 1 and 2, Target
                        •   Cross-reference line display with    •   Cross-reference line display with    Guidance, Trajectory Guidance, Probes Eye, Look
                               current plane intersection                current plane intersection          Ahead, Microscope Injection, Video Input
                                correlation point indication.              correlation point indication.

K243657 Page 8 of 10


                      •   Display of 2D annotations and      •   Display of 2D annotations and
                            overlays on rendered images.           overlays on rendered images.
                      •   General interactive tools (e.g.,      •   General interactive tools (e.g.,
                            pan, zoom, width/level, etc.).            pan, zoom, width/level, etc.).
                      •  3D display of hardware models of   •  3D display of hardware models of
                             the SMARTGrid and                    the SMARTGrid and
                    SMARTFrame along with          SMARTFrame along with
                            volumetric image sets.                 volumetric image sets.
                      •   Ability to display CT images in     •   Ability to display CT images in
                            reformatted (MPR) and 3D views.       reformatted (MPR) and 3D views.

 DICOM Features     •   Retrieval of images from MR/CT   •   Retrieval of images from MR      Network Connectivity CD, DVD, USB DICOM Import
                            scanner through network               scanner through network       DICOM Export
                          (TCP/IP)                            (TCP/IP)
                      •   Browse/load images from          •   Browse/load images from
                            media/local storage                     media/local storage
                      •   Configuration and testing of        •   Configuration and testing of
                         image transfer from scanner to         image transfer from scanner to
                            workstation                            workstation
                      •  Load enhanced/compressed        •   Load enhanced/compressed
                  DICOM images               DICOM images
                      •  Load color DICOM images that    •   Load color DICOM images that
                             are stored with RGB Photometric        are stored with RGB Photometric
                               Interpretation                             Interpretation
                      •   Single image DICOM Export
                                (local)
     Image          •   Ability to automatically           •   Ability to automatically          Exam-to-Exam     Registration:     Identity    Merge
Fusion/Registration         register/fuse MR-to-MR and MR-        register/fuse MR-to-MR and MR-   Registration, Manual Merge Registration and Automatic
                         to-CT images acquired in             to-CT images acquired in         Merge Registration.
                               different frames of reference             different frames of reference
                      •   Ability to seed automatic          •   Ability to seed automatic            Patient  Registration: PointMerge  registration,  Tracer
                               registration/fusion based on an           registration/fusion based on an       registration,  Touch-N-Go   registration,   StealthAiR
                                    initial input transform                       initial input transform                registration, O-arm registration, Stereotactic Localizer
                      •   Slider control used to set the       •   Slider control used to set the        Registration and StarFix Bone Anchor Registration
                                relative weight of the two blended        relative weight of the two blended
                         image volumes                     image volumes
                      •   Tools for reviewing the accuracy   •   Tools for reviewing the accuracy
                             of registration and manual              of registration and manual
                             override capabilities                    override capabilities

K243657 Page 9 of 10


                       •   Spherical region-of-interest tools
                                to define regions to consider for
                            automatic registration/fusion
     Localization       •   Magnetic Resonance Imaging      •   Magnetic Resonance Imaging      •   Optical (infra-red)
    Technology          (MRI)                            (MRI)                           •   Electromagnetic
                       •   Computed Tomography (CT)                                           •   Mechanical based stereotactic
  Planning Features     •   Ability to create one or more       •   Ability to create one or more       Plan Entry and Target Selection 3D Model Building
                                 trajectory paths (entry and target         trajectory paths (entry and target    Advanced   Visualization   Create   Patient   Based
                                selection)                                 selection)                       Anatomical  Coordinate  Space  Stereotactic  Frame
                       •   Advanced visualization using      •   Advanced visualization using       Settings Brain Atlas: Schaltenbrand-Wahren Atlas with
                              multiple viewing layouts and            multiple viewing layouts and        Talairach Grid StarFix Designer Annotations
                           viewing planes                       viewing planes
                       •   Viewport crosshair correlation      •   Viewport crosshair correlation
                                 capabilities                                capabilities
                       •   Display graphic annotations        •   Display graphic annotations
                              representing trajectory paths             representing trajectory paths
                       •   Display trajectory point distances   •   Display trajectory point distances
                          and trajectory depth                  and trajectory depth
                          measurements                        measurements.
                       •   Compare two selected image       •   Compare two selected image
                                 series side-by-side                        series side-by-side
                       •   Display segmented brain regions    •   Display segmented brain regions
                              overlaid on loaded image sets.           overlaid on loaded image sets.
                       •   Visualize 3D frame mount         •   Visualize 3D frame mount
                               positions and frame tower               positions
                              angulation
Help/Troubleshooting   •   User Manual available on          •   User Manual available on                          N/A
        Tools                workstation.                            workstation.
                       •   Status message                   •   Status message
                              indications/warnings with ability        indications/warnings with ability
                                to show specific troubleshooting         to show specific troubleshooting
                                 instructions.                               instructions.
                       •   User visible software log so that   •   User visible software log so that
                              previously displayed status             previously displayed status
                          messages (and troubleshooting        messages (and troubleshooting
                                instructions) can be re-visited           instructions) can be re-visited
                            throughout the course of a             throughout the course of a
                             procedure.                            procedure.

K243657 Page 10 of 10


 Image Segmentation   •   Algorithm to automatically identify •   Algorithm to automatically                          N/A
     Algorithms             anterior commissure (AC) and           identify anterior commissure (AC)
                               posterior commissure (PC)            and posterior commissure (PC)
                              locations within the brain.               locations within the brain.
                       •   Algorithms to automatically locate  •   Algorithms to automatically locate
                         and identify marking grid,             and identify marking grid,
                               targeting frame components,             targeting frame components,
                             cannula, and device tip from both       cannula, and device tip from MR
                MR and CT image sets.               image sets.
                        •   Automated measurement of brain   •   Automated measurement of brain
                                 tissue volumes and structures             tissue volumes and structures
                          from MR images.                   from MR images.
                        •   Automatic segmentation and       •   Automatic segmentation and
                                quantification of brain structures         quantification of brain structures
                             using proprietary shape-                using proprietary shapeconstrained segmentation               constrained segmentation
                             algorithms from MR images.            algorithms from MR images.

  MRI Scan Plane      Geometric computations to display     Geometric  computations  to  display
     Parameters         position and orientation of prescribed    position and orientation of prescribed                    N/A
                         scan plane parameters for Siemens,      scan plane parameters  for Siemens,
                             Philips, and GE MR scanner              Philips,   and  GE  MR   scanner
                          manufacturers.                         manufacturers.
Hardware Adjustment   Computations used to indicate         Computations   used    to   indicate                    N/A
    Computations       required frame adjustments needed to    required frame adjustments needed to
                           adjust targeting cannula to desired       adjust  targeting  cannula  to  desired
                             trajectory.                                  trajectory.
   Low-Level Math      Low-level math utilities used for        Low-level  math   utilities  used  for                    N/A
       Library          geometric computations.               geometric computations.
     Workflow         Support for pre-surgical and            Support    for    pre-surgical   and  Support  for  Pre-surgical and  intraoperative  surgical
                           intraoperative surgical workflows        intraoperative surgical workflow using  workflows using optical  / electromagnetic localization
                         using MR and CT image guidance    MR image guidance                    technology.