July 31, 2025

Hologic, Inc.
Julia Vaillancourt
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
600 Technology Dr.
Newark, Delaware 19702


Re: K243341
    Trade/Device Name:   Genius AI Detection 2.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection And Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: June 30, 2025
    Received: June 30, 2025

Dear Julia Vaillancourt:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have
determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally
marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical
Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may,
therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your
product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k)
Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm
identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for
annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you,
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to
additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations,
Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal
Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance
documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an
Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820),
which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and
21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket
review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243341 - Julia Vaillancourt                                                           Page  2


production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21
CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a
determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations
administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to:
registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4,
Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21
CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions
(Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are
required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule
requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR
801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be
formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that
certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830
Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-deviceidentification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For
questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report-medicaldevice-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuingeducation/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask
a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/deviceadvice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more
information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                     Sincerely,
                      YANNA S. KANG -S

                                         Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                    Assistant Director
                                      Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                     DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                               Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                      OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                                  Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                                Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for UseI
===============Submission Number (if known)
  K243341 I
  Device Name
  Genius Al Detection 2.0 I

   Indications for Use (Describe)
  Genius Al Detection is a computer-aided detection and diagnosis (CADe/CADx) software device
   intended to be used with compatible digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) systems to identify and mark
   regions of interest including soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries)
  and calcifications in DBT exams from compatible DBT systems and provide confidence scores that
   offer assessment for Certainty of Findings and a Case Score.
  The device intends to aid in the interpretation of digital breast tomosynthesis exams in a concurrent
   fashion, where the interpreting physician confirms or dismisses the findings during the reading of the
  exam.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              IX] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
          The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
            time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                 '~n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                        K243341             Genius AI Detection 2.0
          Traditional 510(k) Summary

This 510(k) summary is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92


Date Prepared:              October 25th, 2024
Manufacturer:                 Hologic, Inc.
                          600 Technology Drive
                           Newark, DE 19702 USA

Establishment Registration #:  3005496266

Contact Person:                  Julia Vaillancourt
                              Regulatory Affairs Specialist II
                                 P: 781.980.2885

Identification of the Device:
Proprietary/Trade Name:      Genius AI Detection 2.0
Classification Name:            Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software for
                               Lesions Suspicious for Cancer
Regulatory Number:          21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code:           QDQ
Device Class:                   Class II
Review Panel:                 Radiology


Identification of the Legally Marketed Predicate and Reference Devices:
Trade Name:                 Genius AI Detection 2.0
Classification Name:            Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software for
                               Lesions Suspicious for Cancer
Regulatory Number:          21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code:           QDQ
Device Class:                   Class II
Review Panel:                 Radiology
Submitter/510(k) Holder:       Hologic, Inc.
Clearance:                 K221449 (cleared October 6, 2022)

Reference Device             Genius AI Detection 2.0 with CC-MLO Correlation
Classification Name:            Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software for
                               Lesions Suspicious for Cancer
Regulatory Number:          21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code:           QDQ

                                                                                   1

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                               Genius AI Detection 2.0

Device Class:                   Class II
Review Panel:                 Radiology
Submitter/510(k) Holder:       Hologic, Inc.
Clearance:                 K230096 (cleared May 23, 2023)


Device Description:
Genius AI Detection 2.0 is a software device intended to identify potential abnormalities in breast
tomosynthesis images. Genius AI Detection 2.0 analyzes each standard mammographic view in a digital
breast tomosynthesis examination using deep learning networks. For each detected lesion, Genius AI
Detection 2.0 produces CAD results that include:
    •   the location of the lesion;
    •  an outline of the lesion;
    •   a confidence score for the lesion
    •   Genius AI Detection 2.0 also produces a case score for the entire breast tomosynthesis exam.

Genius AI Detection 2.0 packages all CAD findings derived from the corresponding analysis of a
tomosynthesis exam into a DICOM Mammography CAD SR object and distributes it for display on DICOM
compliant review workstations. The interpreting physician will have access to the CAD findings
concurrently to the reading of the tomosynthesis exam. In addition, a combination of peripheral
information such as number of marks and case scores may be used on the review workstation to
enhance the interpreting physician’s workflow by offering a better organization of the patient worklist.

Indications for Use:
Genius AI Detection is a computer-aided detection and diagnosis (CADe/CADx) software device intended
to be used with compatible digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) systems to identify and mark regions of
interest including soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and
calcifications in DBT exams from compatible DBT systems and provide confidence scores that offer
assessment for Certainty of Findings and a Case Score. The device intends to aid in the interpretation of
digital breast tomosynthesis exams in a concurrent fashion, where the interpreting physician confirms or
dismisses the findings during the reading of the exam.

Standards:
    •   IEC 62304: 2015 – Medical device software – Software Life Cycle Processes
    •   ISO 14971: 2019 – Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices


                                                                                   2

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                   Genius AI Detection 2.0

   Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

Features and       Subject Device                      Predicate Device              Difference and
Characteristics      Hologic, Inc.                          Hologic, Inc.              Comments
                  Genius AI Detection 2.0             Genius AI Detection
                                                         2.0 (K221449)
Regulation        21 CFR 892.2090/               Same                    N/A
Number/Name     Radiological Computer Assisted
                   Detection and Diagnosis Software
Product Code    QDQ                         Same                    N/A
Classification     A radiological computer assisted     Same                    N/A
Description        detection and diagnostic software for
                  suspected lesions is an image
                   processing device intended to aid in
                   the detection, localization, and
                    characterization of lesions suspicious
                     for cancer on acquired medical images
                         (e.g., mammography, MR, CT,
                    ultrasound, radiography). The device
                     detects, identifies and characterizes
                     lesions suspicious for cancer based on
                    features or information extracted
                 from the images, and may provide
                   information about the presence,
                     location, and characteristics of the
                     lesion to the user. Primary diagnostic
                and patient management decisions
                   are made by the clinical user.
Indications for Use Genius AI Detection 2.0 is a computer- Same                    N/A
                   aided detection and diagnosis
                 (CADe/CADx) software device
                  intended to be used with compatible
                        digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT)
                  systems to identify and mark regions
                    of interest including soft tissue
                     densities (masses, architectural
                     distortions and asymmetries) and
                      calcifications in DBT exams from
                  compatible DBT systems and provide
                   confidence scores that offer
                  assessment for Certainty of Findings
                and a Case Score. The device intends
                    to aid in the interpretation of digital
                    breast tomosynthesis exams in a
                   concurrent fashion, where the
                     interpreting physician confirms or


                                                                                      3

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                   Genius AI Detection 2.0

Features and       Subject Device                      Predicate Device              Difference and
Characteristics      Hologic, Inc.                          Hologic, Inc.              Comments
                  Genius AI Detection 2.0             Genius AI Detection
                                                         2.0 (K221449)
                    dismisses the findings during the
                   reading of the exam.
Compatible DBT    Envision Mammography Platform     Hologic Selenia Dimensions    The Envision
Systems                                                Hologic 3Dimensions        Mammography
                                                                                    Platform
                  Supports the following modes:       Supports both models in the   supports High
                                                          following modes:               resolution slices;
                                                                                   standard
                        •   High resolution 1-mm slices            •      Standard       resolution is not
                            (Clarity HD)                               resolution 1-mm slices available.
                        •   High resolution 6-mm smart           •      High resolution
                            slices (3DQuorum)                 1-mm slices (Clarity
                                                      HD)
                                                                  •      High resolution
                                              6-mm smart slices
                                                      (3DQuorum)
Type of CAD        Radiological computer assisted      Same                    N/A
Software           detection and diagnostic software
Mode of Action    Image processing device utilizing    Same                    N/A
                 machine learning to aid in the
                    detection, localization, and
                    characterization of soft tissue
                     densities (masses, architectural
                     distortions and asymmetries) and
                      calcifications in the 1-mm 3D DBT
                        slices. Findings are co-registered to 6-
           mm SmartSlices.
Clinical Output    To inform the primary diagnostic and Same                    N/A
                    patient management decisions that
                   are made by the clinical user.
Patient Population Symptomatic and asymptomatic     Same                    N/A
              women undergoing mammography.
End Users       MQSA- Qualified Interpreting       Same                    N/A
                    Physicians and Radiologists
Image Source        Digital Breast Tomosynthesis Slices   Same                    N/A
Modalities
Output Device     Softcopy Workstation            Same                    N/A
Deployment       Stand-alone computer            Same                    N/A
Method of Use     Concurrent reading              Same                    N/A
Supported Views  CC and MLO                   Same                    N/A
Visualization       Places mark within suspicious lesion  Same                    N/A
Features          by default (Emphasize ™; RightOn™)

                                                                                      4

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                   Genius AI Detection 2.0

Features and       Subject Device                      Predicate Device              Difference and
Characteristics      Hologic, Inc.                          Hologic, Inc.              Comments
                  Genius AI Detection 2.0             Genius AI Detection
                                                         2.0 (K221449)
                and reports confidence of finding next
                    to each identified lesion in the image.
               CAD display may be toggled on/off.
                  Option to automatically zoom into or
                  contour the suspicious region of
                     interest (PeerView™).


   Comparison with Predicate Device:
   The Summary of Substantial Equivalence table above details the similarities and differences between the
    Genius AI Detection 2.0 device and its predicate device, Genius AI Detection 2.0, K221449. The main
    difference is compatibility with an additional DBT system, the Envision Mammography Platform. Both the
   proposed and predicate device use the same technology per 21 CFR 892.2090. GAID 2.0 remains
   unchanged in order to be used on the Envision Mammography Platform. Consistent with the predicate
    device, the subject device aids in the detection, localization, and characterization of disease specific
    findings on acquired medical images. The outputs of GAID 2.0 serve to augment the interpretation of
     digital breast tomosynthesis exams as a concurrent reading tool. The output is used to inform and assist
    the interpreting physician, supplementing their clinical expertise and judgement. Processing of implant
    cases acquired with Hologic's Selenia Dimensions System has been added along with CC-MLO Correlation
    feature for cases acquired with the Envision System.

    Genius AI Detection 2.0 on the Envision Mammography Platform provides the same performance in
   terms of sensitivity and the number of false positives as GAID 2.0 on the Selenia Dimensions System as
    well as the same workflow for radiologists. As such, there is no change in the safety and effectiveness of
    the GAID 2.0 device.

   Standalone Performance Testing:
    Genius AI Detection 2.0 is a software-only device. In accordance with the FDA Guidance “Content of
   Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions”, issued on June 14, 2023, the Genius AI Detection
    2.0 software requires Basic Documentation as it is a Class II device that is intended to be used with
    compatible digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) systems to identify and mark regions of interest, where
    the interpreting physician maintains control to confirm or dismiss the findings during the reading of the
   exam.
    Verification testing consisted of software unit testing, software integration testing and software system
    testing. The verification testing showed that the software application satisfied the software
    requirements.
   A standalone study was conducted to compare the detection performance of FDA cleared Genius AI
    Detection 2.0 (K221449) using Standard of Care (SOC) images acquired on the Dimensions systems
    against images acquired on the FDA approved Envision Mammography Platform (P080003/S009).


                                                                                      5

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                               Genius AI Detection 2.0

A sequestered test dataset was constructed with a subset of breast tomosynthesis exams acquired for
evaluating the safety and effectiveness of the Envision (ENV) platform. All images were collected using an
IRB approved protocol from 15 locations at a national multi-center breast imaging network. The protocol
involved imaging each subject on the SOC imaging system and the Envision Mammography Platform
(ENV). The dataset consisted of standard mammographic images from 1475 subjects consisting of 200
biopsy-proven cancer subjects, 275 biopsy-proven benign subjects, 78 BI-RADS subjects that were
considered BI-RADS 1 or 2 upon diagnostic workup (no biopsy), and 922 subjects that were read as BIRADS 1 and 2 at screening. Of the 200 biopsy-proven cancers 46 cases included only calcification lesions
whereas 154 cases included soft tissue lesions or soft tissue lesions associated with calcification lesions.
All patients were female with average age of 57 with a standard deviation of 11 years. The race
distribution of this cohort indicated 81% white, 6% African American, 1% Asian, 1% multi-race and 11%
unknown, whereas ethnicity distribution was 6% Hispanic, 78% non-Hispanic and 16% unknown. The
cohort contained 10% BI-RADS density category a, 48% category b, 36% category c and 6% category d.
This image dataset was sequestered from any training datasets by isolating it on a secured server with
controlled access permissions.

This comparison study included testing in terms of fROC and ROC curves and key metrics including
sensitivity, specificity, and false marker rate per view. The ground truthing to evaluate performance
metrics including the locations of cancer lesions was done by two MQSA-certified radiologists with over
20 years of experience. The comparison of AUC of ROC curve for ENV and SOC images indicated the
difference in AUC (ENV-SOC) to be -0.0017 (95% CI -0.023-0.020). The DeLong’s p-value for this
difference was 0.87 indicating no significant difference in the performance of GAID 2.0 between the two
modalities. In addition, the comparisons of sensitivity, specificity and false marks per image also resulted
in no significant difference for each metric between the two modalities. The fROC curves stratified by
breast density and lesion type also aligned closely between the two modalities. The primary endpoint
targeted by this analysis was that accuracy of GAID 2.0, as measured by AUC on ENV images, is noninferior (5% margin) to the same on SOC images. Thus, all results in the standalone analysis confirmed
that the detection performance of the GAID 2.0 algorithm on ENV images can be considered as
equivalent to its performance on SOC images.

The same sequestered dataset was also used to evaluate performance of CC-MLO correlation algorithm.
The study evaluated accuracy of the CC-MLO correlation algorithm on ENV images in comparison with
SOC images. The CC-MLO Correlation algorithm accurately correlated the Genius AI Detection software
2.0 marks on 90% of the biopsy-proven malignant lesions. In addition, 73% of correlated pairs of marks
on negative cases were considered as accurate by expert radiologists.

The performance of GAID on implant cases was evaluated on a dataset with a total of 480 subjects
consisting of 132 biopsy proven cancer subjects and 348 negative subjects including 119 biopsy proven
benign cases and 229 screening negative cases. All subjects were female subjects with implants and were
imaged with implant displaced views. 30% of the subjects had sub-glandular implants whereas 70% of
subjects had sub-muscular implants. All images were collected using Hologic’s Selenia Dimensions
systems collected from 2015 to 2022. The ground truthing to evaluate performance metrics including the
locations of cancer lesions was done by two MQSA-certified radiologists with over 20 years of
experience. The data utilized for evaluation of implant cases was sequestered from the training datasets
for Genius AI Detection. In absence paired dataset with and without implants, the performance of GAID

                                                                                   6

Hologic, Inc.                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                               Genius AI Detection 2.0

on implant patients was considered acceptable based on confidence intervals of sensitivity and
specificity at operating point. The detection performance of GAID 2.0 measured on a set of 132 cancer
patients and 348 negative subjects with implant displaced images demonstrated location specific cancer
detection sensitivity of 76% (CI 68%~84%) and specificity of 67% (CI 62%~72%).

Based on results of verification and validation tests, it is concluded the Genius AI Detection 2.0 is safe
and effective in the detection of soft lesions and calcifications at an appropriate safety level in
tomosynthesis exams acquired with Hologic’s Envision Mammography Platform.

Assessment of Benefit-Risk and Safety and Effectiveness:
Risk management is ensured through risk analysis which is used to identify and mitigate potential
hazards. Any potential hazards are controlled via software development, verification, and validation
testing. In addition, device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and
warnings to provide for safe and effective use of this device. Hologic finds that the proposed device has a
positive balance in terms of probable benefits versus probable risks and thus may be considered safe and
effective based on verification and validation testing.

Conclusion:
Based on the required information submitted in this premarket notification, the proposed Genius AI
Detection 2.0 device has been found to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Genius AI
Detection 2.0, K221449. Both devices have the same indications for use and aid in the detection,
localization, and characterization of disease specific findings on acquired medical images. Standalone
performance testing demonstrated that Genius AI Detection 2.0 on the Envision Mammography Platform
achieves equivalent detection performance compared to the predicate. There are no issues of safety and
effectiveness of the proposed Genius AI Detection 2.0 device.


                                                                                   7