April 11, 2025

Cognoa, Inc.
℅ Alexia Haralambous
Senior Principal
RQM+
2790 Mosside Blvd, #800
Monroeville, Pennsylvania 15146


Re: K243558
    Trade/Device Name: Canvas Dx
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1491
    Regulation Name: Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder Diagnosis Aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QPF
    Dated: March 12, 2025
    Received: March 12, 2025

Dear Alexia Haralambous:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243558 - Alexia Haralambous                                                         Page  2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K243558 - Alexia Haralambous                                                         Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Jay R. Gupta -S

                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K243558
Device Name
Canvas Dx
Indications for Use (Describe)
Canvas Dx is intended for use by healthcare providers as an aid in the diagnosis of Autism
Spectrum Disorder (ASD) for patients ages 18 months through 72 months who are at risk for
developmental delay based on concerns of a parent, caregiver, or healthcare provider.
The device is not intended for use as a stand-alone diagnostic device but as an adjunct to the
diagnostic process.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) CL Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                                    Canvas Dx


                      510(k) Summary


                                                                       Page 1 of 5

Canvas Dx


                                   510(K) SUMMARY

DATE PREPARED
March 10, 2025

MANUFACTURER AND 510(k) OWNER
Cognoa, Inc.
2185 Park Blvd.
Palo Alto, CA 94306
Telephone: +1 (650) 785-2624
Official Contact: Sharief Taraman, MD, Chief Executive Officer

REPRESENTATIVE/CONSULTANT
Alexia Haralambous, MS, RAC
Allison Komiyama, Ph.D., RAC
RQM+
Telephone: +1 (267) 778-5114
Email: aharalambous@rqmplus.com

DEVICE INFORMATION
Proprietary Name/Trade Name: Canvas Dx
Common Name: Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder diagnosis aid
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1491
Class: II
Product Code: QPF
Premarket Review: OHT5/DHT5A
Review Panel: Neurology

PREDICATE DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
Canvas Dx is substantially equivalent to the following predicates:
 510(k) Number      Predicate Device Name / Manufacturer               Primary Predicate
 DEN200069       Cognoa ASD Diagnosis Aid / Cognoa, Inc.             

DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Canvas Dx is a prescription diagnostic aid for healthcare professionals (HCP) considering the diagnosis of
Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) in patients 18 months through 72 months of age at risk for
developmental delay. The subject device is identical to the Cognoa ASD Diagnosis Aid which was
authorized under DEN200069 and was renamed Canvas Dx shortly thereafter. Canvas Dx consists of
Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) together with several medical device data system (MDDS)
components. The SaMD components consist of the following:

    •  Device inputs:
        o  Device Input 1: The answers to the Caregiver Questionnaire
        o  Device Input 2: Patient Video Analysis
        o  Device Input 3: The answers to the Healthcare Provider Questionnaire
    •  A machine learning (ML) algorithm (‘Algorithm’) modeled after standard medical evaluation
       methodologies and drives the device outputs.
    •  Device outputs:


                                                                       Page 2 of 5

Canvas Dx


        o   ‘Positive for autism’
        o  ‘Negative for autism’
        o  ‘Indeterminate’
The MDDS components that are compatible with the SaMD components include the following:

    •  A caregiver facing mobile application, which provides Device Input 1;
    •  A video analyst system, which provides Device Input 2;
    •  A healthcare provider portal, which provides Device Input 3;
    •   Several supporting software and backend services and infrastructure, including privacy and
        security encryption and infrastructure in compliance with HIPAA and other best practices.

The subject of this submission is the inclusion of a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) that
allows updates to the Canvas Dx model and performance thresholds.

INDICATIONS FOR USE
Canvas Dx is intended for use by healthcare providers as an aid in the diagnosis of Autism Spectrum
Disorder (ASD) for patients ages 18 months through 72 months who are at risk for developmental delay
based on concerns of a parent, caregiver, or healthcare provider.

The device is not intended for use as a stand-alone diagnostic device but as an adjunct to the diagnostic
process.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
Cognoa, Inc. believes that the Canvas Dx device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices based
on the information summarized here:

                                                            Primary Predicate: Cognoa ASD                             Subject Device: Canvas Dx                                                                      Diagnosis Aid (DEN200069)
  Manufacturer      Cognoa, Inc.                             Cognoa, Inc.
  Regulation         21 CFR 882.1491                       21 CFR 882.1491
  Number
  Regulation Name    Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder           Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder
                        diagnosis aid                                diagnosis aid
  Regulatory Class    Class II                                     Class II
  Product Code     QPF                            QPF
   Indications for      Canvas Dx is intended for use by healthcare  The Cognoa ASD Diagnosis Aid is intended
  Use                  providers as an aid in the diagnosis of          for use by healthcare providers as an aid in
                     Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) for         the diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder
                          patients ages 18 months through 72 months   (ASD) for patients ages 18 months through
                  who are at risk for developmental delay      72 months who are at risk for
                      based on concerns of a parent, caregiver, or   developmental delay based on concerns of a
                         healthcare provider.                            parent, caregiver, or healthcare provider.

                   The device is not intended for use as a       The device is not intended for use as a
                        stand-alone diagnostic device but as an        stand-alone diagnostic device but as an
                        adjunct to the diagnostic process.             adjunct to the diagnostic process.
  Data Collection       A caregiver facing mobile application,      A caregiver facing mobile application,
                        which provides Device Input 1             which provides Device Input 1
                            (Caregiver Questionnaire)                    (Caregiver Questionnaire)


                                                                       Page 3 of 5

Canvas Dx


                        A video analyst portal, which provides     A video analyst portal, which provides
                         Device Input 2 (Patient Video               Device Input 2 (Patient Video
                            Analysis)                                   Analysis)
                        A healthcare provider portal, which        A healthcare provider portal, which
                            provides Device Input 3 (HCP                provides Device Input 3 (HCP
                            Questionnaire)                              Questionnaire)
  Outputs               ‘Positive for Autism’                      ‘Positive for ASD
                         ‘Negative for Autism’                     ‘Negative for ASD
                         ‘Indeterminate’                           ‘No Result’
  Software           Compliant to ISO 62304                   Compliant to ISO 62304
  Performance       The Canvas Dx performance thresholds will  The following thresholds are based on the
                     be updated based on improvements to the       initial performance of the device under the
                      Algorithm per the terms of the PCCP            initial clinical validation study (prospective,
                        presented in this 510(k).                      double-blinded, single-arm) performed at
                                                          14 sites, compared to the clinical reference
                                                                        standard, in support of the DEN200069
                                                                   submission. These values are based on
                                                                review by 3 clinical specialists.


                                                                  PPV: 80.77% (CI: 70.27-88.82%)
                                                                  NPV: 98.25% (CI: 90.61-99.96%)
                                                                   Determinate Rate (percent of users
                                                    who received a positive or negative
                                                                               result): 31.76% (CI: 63.58%-87.67%)
                                                                   Sensitivity: 98.44% (CI: 91.6%-
                                                               99.96%)
                                                                   Specificity: 78.87% (CI: 67.56%-
                                                               87.67%)


SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL TESTING
Testing was performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006 to demonstrate safety based on current
industry standards. The results of these tests indicate that Canvas Dx is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.

SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTING
Clinical testing was not performed in support of this submission

PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN
Canvas Dx includes an authorized Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) that allows for planned
updates and modifications based on real-world data within the cleared indications for use. These
modifications are related to:

    1)  Quantitative measures of machine learning-enabled device software functions (ML-DSF)
       performance specifications. This includes re-training the ML model based on new data within the
        intended use population from the same type and range of input signal. The re-training may result
        in internal decision trees with different weights or overall structure
    2)  Device inputs to the ML-DSF. This may involve expanding the algorithm to include new inputs
        of the same signal type.


                                                                       Page 4 of 5

Canvas Dx


The three modifications are summarized below.

1. Optimization of Decision Thresholds: Adjusting the predefined decision thresholds based on new data
without modifying the existing model architecture, parameters, or structure. Optimizing decision
thresholds can yield a higher determinate rate while maintaining or improving performance on PPV and
NPV.

2. Model Retraining: Retraining the model with new data while maintaining the same set of input features
and model architecture. Retraining may change feature weights and decision nodes based on the new data.
Retraining the model based on new data enables the Device to adapt, improving generalizability and
maintaining performance across evolving clinical populations.

3. Feature Addition: Adding neurodevelopmental/neurobehavioral features as inputs from the parent,
video, or healthcare provider questionnaires, while maintaining the original set of input features and
model architecture. Any new features will be limited to those that can be directly observed or reported
through existing questionnaires and will not require additional separate testing or assessments. The
addition of features may improve Device generalizability and performance, allowing for higher reliability
and accuracy of the Device overall.

All modifications are subject to performance evaluation and update procedures, including software
verification and validation. All modifications follow the same data management practices, as outlined in
the PCCP Modification Protocol.

CONCLUSION
As the intended use and technological features of the subject Canvas Dx device have not changed since
the original De Novo authorization of the Cognoa ASD Diagnosis Aid under DEN200069, it can be
concluded that the subject Canvas Dx device does not raise new issues of safety or effectiveness
compared to the predicate device. The Canvas Dx model and performance thresholds will be updated
based on improvements to the Algorithm per the terms of the PCCP presented in this 510(k). Therefore,
the subject Canvas Dx device is substantially equivalent to DEN200069.


                                                                       Page 5 of 5