June 13, 2025

Brainlab AG
Sadwini Suresh
QM Consultant
Olof-Palme-Str.9
Munich, 81829
Germany

Re: K243633
    Trade/Device Name:  Brainlab Elements (7.0);
                         Brainlab Elements Image Fusion (5.0);
                         Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0);
                         Brainlab Elements Contouring (5.0);
                         Brainlab Elements Fibertracking (3.0);
                         Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping (1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, JAK, LLZ
    Dated: May 27, 2025
    Received: May 27, 2025

Dear Sadwini Suresh:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243633 - Sadwini Suresh                                                             Page 2


Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the

K243633 - Sadwini Suresh                                                             Page 3


Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

           FPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        E7Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping is indicated for planning of cranial surgical treatments.
 (BOLD MRI Data) to visualize the activation signal.  It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
 Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping provides tools to analyze blood oxygen level dependent data

 treatments and preplanning of cranial and extracranial radiotherapy treatments.
 Brainlab Elements Contouring is indicated for planning of cranial and extracranial surgical
 and manipulate structures in patient image data.  It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
 Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an interface with tools and views to outline, refine, combine

 preplanning of cranial radiotherapy treatments.
 Brainlab Elements Fibertracking  is indicated for planning of cranial surgical treatments and
 procedures.  It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
 matter tracts based on Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) data for use in treatment planning
 Brainlab Elements Fibertracking  is an application for the processing and visualization of cranial white

 preplanning of cranial radiotherapy treatments.
 Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is indicated for planning of cranial surgical treatments and
 co-registration of cerebrovascular image data.  It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
 Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a software application that is intended to be used for the

 treatments and preplanning of cranial and extracranial radiotherapy treatments.
 Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is indicated for planning of cranial and extracranial surgical
 anatomical structures between data sets.  It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
 medical procedures by using rigid and deformable registration methods.  It is intended to align
 Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application for the co-registration of image data within
Indications for Use (Describe)
 Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping (1.0)
 Brainlab Elements Fibertracking (3.0);
 Brainlab Elements Contouring (5.0);
 Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio  (1.0);
 Brainlab Elements Image Fusion (5.0);
 Brainlab Elements  (7.0);
Device Name
 IK243633

Submission Number (if known)
                   Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement below.
                           Food and Drug Administration                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
             DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

K243633


                          510(k) Summary

June 11, 2025

                                General Information
 Manufacturer                Brainlab AG; Olof-Palme Str.9; 81829, Munich, Germany
 Establishment Registration   8043933
Trade Name                 Brainlab Elements (7.0);
                              Brainlab Elements Image Fusion (5.0);
                              Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0);
                              Brainlab Elements Contouring (5.0);
                              Brainlab Elements Fibertracking (3.0);
                              Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping (1.0)
 Classification Name         Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Product Code               QIH; JAK; LLZ
 Regulation Number         892.2050
 Regulatory Class                        II
 Panel                      Radiology
 Predicate Device           K223106; Brainlab Elements 6.0
Reference Device          K212397; StealthStation S8 Cranial v2.0
                                Contact Information
 Primary Contact                         Alternate Contact
 Sadwini Suresh                        Chiara Cunico
QM Consultant                         Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs
Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0             Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0
 Email: regulatory.affairs@brainlab.com   Email: chiara.cunico@brainlab.com


     1.  Indications for Use
        Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application for the co-registration of image data within
       medical procedures by using rigid and deformable registration methods.  It is intended to align
        anatomical structures between data sets. It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
        Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is indicated for planning of cranial and extracranial surgical
        treatments and preplanning of cranial and extracranial radiotherapy treatments.


        Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a software application that is intended to be used for the
        co-registration of cerebrovascular image data. It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.


                                                                             PAGE 1 OF 19

Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is indicated for planning of cranial surgical treatments and
    preplanning of cranial radiotherapy treatments.


    Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an application for the processing and visualization of cranial
    white matter tracts based on Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) data for use in treatment planning
    procedures. It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
    Brainlab Elements Fibertracking  is indicated for planning of cranial surgical treatments and
    preplanning of cranial radiotherapy treatments.


    Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an interface with tools and views to outline, refine, combine
   and manipulate structures in patient image data. It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
    Brainlab Elements Contouring  is indicated for planning of cranial and extracranial surgical
    treatments and preplanning of cranial and extracranial radiotherapy treatments.


    Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping provides tools to analyze blood oxygen level dependent
    data (BOLD MRI Data) to visualize the activation signal. It is not intended for diagnostic purposes.
    Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping is indicated for planning of cranial surgical treatments.

2.  Device Description

   The Brainlab Elements are applications and background services for processing of medical images
    including  functionalities such as data  transfer, image  co-registration, image segmentation,
    contouring and other image processing.

   They consist of the following software applications:

           1.  Image Fusion 5.0
        2.  Image Fusion Angio 1.0
        3.  Contouring 5.0
        4. BOLD MRI Mapping 1.0
        5.  Fibertracking 3.0

    This device is a successor of the Predicate Device Brainlab Elements 6.0 (K223106).

    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application for the co-registration of image data within
    medical procedures by using rigid and deformable registration methods.

    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a software application that is intended to be used for the
    co-registration of cerebrovascular image data. It allows co-registration of 2D digital subtraction
    angiography images to 3D vascular images in order to combine flow and location information. In


                                                                          PAGE 2 OF 19

particular, 2D DSA (digital subtraction angiography) sequences can be fused to MRA, CTA and 3D
      DSA sequences.

        Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an interface with tools and views to outline, refine, combine
       and manipulate structures in patient image data. The output is saved as 3D DICOM segmentation
        object and can be used for further processing and treatment planning.

     BOLD MRI Mapping provides methods to analyze task-based (block-design) functional magnet
       resonance images (fMRI). It provides a user interface with tools and views in order to visualize
         activation maps and generate 3D objects that can be used for further treatment planning.

        Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an application for the processing and visualization of information
       based upon Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) data, i.e. to calculate and visualize cranial white
        matter tracts in selected regions of interest, which can be used for treatment planning procedures.


    3.  Substantial Equivalence


   Predicate                                   Name
   Number

 Subject        Brainlab Elements, Brainlab Elements Contouring (5.0), Brainlab Elements Fibertracking (3.0), Brainlab
 Device        Elements Image Fusion (5.0), Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0), Brainlab Elements BOLD
             MRI Mapping (1.0)

 Predicate      Brainlab Elements, Brainlab Elements Contouring (4.5), Brainlab Elements Fibertracking (2.0), Brainlab
 device        Elements Image Fusion (4.5), Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0), Brainlab Elements BOLD
 (K223106)    MRI Mapping (1.0)

 Reference      StealthStation S8 Cranial v2.0
 device
 (K212397)


Image Fusion 5.0

     Topic/        Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab      Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
    Feature     Elements Image Fusion 4.5 (K223106))                 Fusion 5.0)
                    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an            Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application
 Indications for     application for the co-registration of image        for the co-registration of image data within
 use               data within medical procedures by using rigid    medical procedures by using rigid and deformable
                 and deformable registration methods. It is         registration methods. It is intended to align


                                                                             PAGE 3 OF 19

Topic/        Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab      Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
   Feature     Elements Image Fusion 4.5 (K223106))                 Fusion 5.0)
                  intended to align anatomical structures          anatomical structures between data sets. It is not
                between data sets.                             intended for diagnostic purposes.

               The device itself does not have clinical           Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is indicated for
                     indications.                                    planning of cranial and extracranial surgical
                                                                  treatments and preplanning of cranial and
                                                                       extracranial radiotherapy treatments.
                                                      The intended users are medical professionals.
               The intended users are medical professionals.
                                                                   Typical users are:
                   Typical users are:
                                                                                            -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS): Surgeons
                          -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS):
                                                                           trained in the areas of neurosurgery, spine
                     Neurosurgeons, Ear-Nose-Throat (ENT)
                                                           and trauma surgery, ear-nose-throat (ENT)
                     surgeons and Cranio-Maxillofacial (CMF)
Operator profile                                                      surgery and craniomaxillofacial (CMF) surgery
                     surgeons including their assistants
                                                                         including their assistants.
                  Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals who
                                                               Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals who
                 perform radiation treatment planning (medical
                                                              perform radiation treatment planning (medical
                     physicists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists,
                                                                         physicists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists,
                   physicians, etc.)
                                                                    physicians, etc.).
Patient              In general, there are no demographic, regional   There are no demographic, regional or cultural
population         or cultural limitations for patients. It is up to the   limitations for patients.
                  user to decide if the system shall be used to
                     assist a certain procedure.
Conditions of     The system shall be used in a hospital office    The system shall be used in a hospital office
use              environment or rooms appropriate for surgical    environment or rooms appropriate for surgical
                    interventions or radiotherapy planning.            interventions or radiotherapy planning.
Computer         Brainlab Elements can be used on hardware      All platforms which fulfill the minimum
hardware           that fulfills the defined minimum requirements:   requirements:
requirements        - Operating System: Windows 8.1 64bit         IGS Workstation:
                       - Minimum 4 logical cores                            - Operating system: Windows 10
                       - Minimum RAM: 6 GB                                - minimum 4 physical cores
                       - Graphics: Direct X compatible                      - RAM: 8 GB
                       - Display Resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)        - Graphics: DirectX 12 compatible
                                                                                 - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)
                                                         IGS Server / Virtual Machine
                                                                                 - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                                 - RAM 16GB
                                                 RT Workstation:
                                                                                 - Operating System: Windows 10
                                                                                 - minimum 6 physical cores
                                                                                 - RAM: 48GB
                                                                                 - Graphics card: DirectX 12
                                                                                 - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)
                                                 RT Server / Virtual Machine
                                                                                 - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                                 - minimum 12 physical cores

                                                                            PAGE 4 OF 19

Topic/        Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab      Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
   Feature     Elements Image Fusion 4.5 (K223106))                 Fusion 5.0)
                                                                                 - RAM: 64GB (+16GB per additional user)
                                                                                 - Windows Server 2016
                          -   Windows Server 2012 R2 / 2016 / 2019
Operating                                                                     - Windows Server 2019
                          -   Windows 8.1
system                                                                         - Windows Server 2022
               Windows 10
                                                                                 - Windows 10
Input Devices     Touch and mouse/keyboard control Touch and  Touch and mouse/keyboard control Touch and
                mouse/keyboard control                     mouse/keyboard control
Image Data Sets  DICOM 3D imaging Modalities, e.g. CT/XT,     DICOM 3D imaging Modalities, e.g. CT/XT, MRI,
Format           MRI, NM/PET, OT, are supported for automatic  NM/PET, OT, are supported for automatic fusion.
                    fusion.                                      Other modalities are supported for manual fusion
                 Other modalities are supported for manual       (alignment)
                   fusion (alignment)
                 Automatic rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of   Automatic rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of 3D
              3D DICOM image data: CT (incl. low-dose CT),  DICOM image data: CT (incl. low-dose CT), MR,
Rigid co-               MR, OT (e.g. Perfusion), MR-DTI, MR-BOLD,   OT (e.g. Perfusion), MR-DWI, MR-BOLD, NM/PET,
registration,               NM/PET, US (ultrasound).                US (ultrasound).rigid image
fusion
                Manual rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of     Manual rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of other
                   other (unknown) 3D DICOM image data.         (unknown) 3D DICOM image data.
Application View  GUI Technology: HTML                     GUI Technology: HTML
Layout and        Single view layout:                              Single view layout:
Views                - Axial view is displayed by default                  - Axial view is displayed by default
                       - The user is able to switch to coronal and         - The user is able to switch to coronal and sagittal
                      sagittal views                                 views
                       - A toolbar is available on the right side to          - A toolbar is available on the right side to access
                 access the data selection, fusion tools and       the data selection, fusion tools and verification
                     verification tools                                  tools
                       - In the header, the user is able to approve or      - In the header, the user is able to approve or
                     reject the fusion result                              reject the fusion result

Region of        The co-registration can be restricted to a       The co-registration can be restricted to a specific
Interest             specific region of interest of the datasets by      region of interest of the datasets by means of a
               means of a box.                           box and an ellipsoid.
Rigid co-         Automatic rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of   Automatic rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of 3D
registration,     3D DICOM image data: CT (incl. low-dose CT),  DICOM image data: CT (incl. low-dose CT), MR,
rigid image      MR, OT (e.g. Perfusion), MR-DTI, MR-BOLD,   OT (e.g. Perfusion), MR-DWI, MR-BOLD, NM/PET,
fusion          NM/PET, US (ultrasound).                US (ultrasound).
                Manual rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of     Manual rigid co-registration (rigid fusion) of other
                   other (unknown) 3D DICOM image data.         (unknown) 3D DICOM image data.
Deformable        Distortion Correction for cranial image data:       Distortion Correction for cranial image data: CTRegistration /     CT-MR, MR-MR (incl. DTI)                  MR, MR-MR (incl. DTI)
Elastic Image
Fusion:
Distortion


                                                                            PAGE 5 OF 19

Topic/        Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab      Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
   Feature     Elements Image Fusion 4.5 (K223106))                 Fusion 5.0)
Correction
Cranial
Deformable       Curvature Correction for spinal image data:      Curvature Correction for spinal image data: CTRegistration /     CT-CT, CT-MR (incl. low-dose CT scanner)      CT, CT-MR (incl. low-dose CT scanner)
Elastic Image
Fusion:
Curvature
Correction Spine
                                                                    Calculation of a brain shift (“virtual iMRI”)
                   Calculation of a brain shift (“virtual iMRI”)
                                                                      simulation, based on intra-operative CT, MR, or
                    simulation, based on intra-operative CT or MR
                                               US image data, offering a simulation of preimage data, offering a simulation of preoperative planning data within an intra-operative
                   operative planning data within an intrasituation.
                   operative situation.
Deformable
Registration /                                            The intra-operative resection cavity is blacked out
               The intra-operative resection cavity is grayed
Elastic Image                                                                in the simulation result.
                  out in the simulation result.
Fusion: Virtual                                                 Automatic scrolling is activated as soon as a
iMRI Cranial                                                        simulation result is available.
                  With the acceptance of a Virtual iMRI
                    simulation, the original variant of an image set
                                                              With the acceptance of a Virtual iMRI simulation,
                and existing co-registrations are removed from
                                                                  the original variant of an image set and existing
                   the current data selection
                                                                       co-registrations are kept in the current data
                                                                      selection
Verification
             A spy glass superimposes the first image set in  A spy glass superimposes the first image set in a
Tools: Spy
                a frame over the second image set.             frame over the second image set.
Glass
                 Blending allows to view structures in two
                                                              Blending allows to view structures in two image
Verification       image sets at the same time by using
                                                                     sets at the same time by using complimentary
Tools: Blending   complimentary colors to distinguish both image
                                                                   colors to distinguish both image sets.
                     sets.
                  For deformable registrations the spy glass
Verification                                                     For deformable registrations the spy glass feature
                   feature is combined with a heatmap and a
Tools: Spy                                                                         is combined with a heatmap and a deformation
                  deformation grid, highlighting areas where the
Glass for                                                                   grid, highlighting areas where the deformed image
                deformed image set has been (locally)
Deformable Co-                                                      set has been (locally) modified and giving a global
                  modified and giving a global impression about
Registrations                                                    impression about the deformation
                   the deformation
                                                               For deformable registrations the blending feature
                                                                                       is combined with a deformation grid, which gives a
                  For deformable registrations the blending
                                                                   global impression about the deformation while its
Verification        feature is combined with a deformation grid,
                                                                colored grid lines highlight areas where the
Tools: Blending   which gives a global impression about the
                                                          deformed image set has been (locally) modified.
for deformable    deformation while its colored grid lines
co-registrations    highlight areas where the deformed image set
                                                               For Virtual iMRI with Ultrasound, the weather
                has been (locally) modified.
                                                                      radar, a specific type of blending with distinct
                                                                       colors, has been implemented.

                                                                            PAGE 6 OF 19

Topic/        Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab      Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
    Feature     Elements Image Fusion 4.5 (K223106))                 Fusion 5.0)
 Contrast           Calculation of treatment response assessment    Calculation of treatment response assessment
 Clearance       maps for the analysis of contrast agent        maps for the analysis of contrast agent clearance
 Analysis           clearance.


Image Fusion Angio 1.0.2

 Topic/         Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab       Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
 Feature        Elements Image Angio 1.0.2 (K223106))  Fusion Angio 1.0.2)
                    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a
                   software application that is intended to be used   Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a
                      for the co-registration of cerebrovascular        software application that is intended to be used for
                 image data.                                    the co-registration of cerebrovascular image data.
 Indications for
                                                                                                                     It is not intended for diagnostic purposes. Brainlab
 use
                The device itself does not have clinical          Elements Image Fusion Angio is indicated for
                      indications.                                    planning of cranial surgical treatments and
                                                                 preplanning of cranial radiotherapy treatments.

                The intended users are medical professionals.
                                                       The intended users are medical professionals.
                    Typical users are:
                                                                    Typical users are:
                            -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS):
                                                                                              -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS): Surgeons
                      Neurosurgeons, Ear-Nose-Throat (ENT)
                                                                            trained in the areas of neurosurgery including
                      surgeons and Cranio-Maxillofacial (CMF)
 Operator profile                                                                 their assistants.
                      surgeons including their assistants
                                                                Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals who
                   Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals who
                                                               perform radiation treatment planning (medical
                   perform radiation treatment planning (medical
                                                                          physicists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists,
                      physicists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists,
                                                                      physicians, etc.).
                     physicians, etc.)
                                                                               All platforms which fulfill the minimum
                                                                   requirements:

                                                          IGS Workstation:
                                                                                   - Operating system: Windows 10
                    Brainlab Elements can be used on hardware       - minimum 4 physical cores
                      that fulfills the defined minimum requirements:    - RAM: 8 GB
 Computer             -   Operating System: Windows 8.1 64bit         - Graphics: DirectX 12 compatible
 hardware              -   Minimum 4 logical cores                        - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)
 requirements         -   Minimum RAM: 6 GB
                            -    Graphics: Direct X compatible             IGS Server / Virtual Machine
                    Display Resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)         - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                                   - RAM 16GB

                                                  RT Workstation:
                                                                                   - Operating System: Windows 10
                                                                                   - minimum 6 physical cores

                                                                             PAGE 7 OF 19

Topic/         Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab       Subject Device (Brainlab Elements Image
 Feature        Elements Image Angio 1.0.2 (K223106))  Fusion Angio 1.0.2)
                                                                                   - RAM: 48GB
                                                                                   - Graphics card: DirectX 12
                                                                                   - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)

                                                  RT Server / Virtual Machine
                                                                                   - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                                   - minimum 12 physical cores
                                                                                   - RAM: 64GB (+16GB per additional user)


Contouring 5.0

                       Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab          Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
   Topic/ Feature
                     Elements Contouring 4.5 (K223106))                 Contouring 5.0)
                       Brainlab Elements Contouring provides
                                                                  Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an
                    an interface with tools and views to
                                                                       interface with tools and views to outline, refine,
                          outline, refine, combine and manipulate
                                                         combine and manipulate structures in patient
                         structures in patient image data. The
                                                         image data. It is not intended for diagnostic
                      generated 3D structures are not intended
 Indications for use                                              purposes.Brainlab Elements Contouring is
                          to create physical replicas used for
                                                                    indicated for planning of cranial and
                        diagnostic purposes.
                                                                      extracranial surgical treatments and
                                                                preplanning of cranial and extracranial
                   The device itself does not have clinical
                                                                  radiotherapy treatments.
                         indications
 Patient population      In general, there are no demographic,      There are no demographic, regional or cultural
                        regional or cultural limitations for            limitations for patients.
                          patients. It is up to the user to decide if
                       the system shall be used to assist a
                         certain procedure.
 Conditions of use    The system shall be used in a hospital     The system shall be used in a hospital office
                          office environment or rooms appropriate    environment or rooms appropriate for surgical
                          for surgical interventions or radiotherapy    interventions or radiotherapy planning.
                        planning.
                   The intended users are medical          The intended users are medical professionals.
                         professionals. Typical users are:            Typical users are:
                                 -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS):               -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS): Surgeons
                         Neurosurgeons, Ear-Nose-Throat           trained in the areas of neurosurgery, spine
 Operator profile          (ENT) surgeons and Cranio-             and trauma surgery, ear-nose-throat
                              Maxillofacial (CMF) surgeons             (ENT) surgery and craniomaxillofacial
                             including their assistants                (CMF) surgery including their assistants.
                      Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals   Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals who
                  who perform radiation treatment planning   perform radiation treatment planning (medical


                                                                             PAGE 8 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab          Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
  Topic/ Feature
                    Elements Contouring 4.5 (K223106))                 Contouring 5.0)
                      (medical physicists, radiation oncologists,   physicists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists,
                        dosimetrists, physicians, etc.)               physicians, etc.).
Computer hardware   Brainlab Elements can be used on        IGS Workstation:
requirements         hardware that fulfills the defined              - Operating system: Windows 10
                  minimum requirements:                         - minimum 4 physical cores
                           - Operating System: Windows 8.1 64bit       - RAM: 8 GB
                           - Minimum 4 logical cores                      - Graphics: DirectX 12 compatible
                           - Minimum RAM: 6 GB                          - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD) IGS
                           - Graphics: Direct X compatible            Server / Virtual Machine:
                           - Display Resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full       - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                  HD)                                                - RAM 16GB
                                               RT Workstation:
                                                                               - Operating System: Windows 10
                                                                               - minimum 6 physical cores
                                                                               - RAM: 48GB
                                                                               - Graphics card: DirectX 12
                                                                               - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD) RT
                                                              Server / Virtual Machine:
                                                                               - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                               - minimum 12 physical cores
                                                                               - RAM: 64GB (+16GB per additional user)
                                                                                                         If Anatomical Patient Model 1.1 (APM 1.1) shall
                                                      be used, the following minimum requirements
                                                        have to
                                                      be fulfilled:
                                                                               - CPU: 12 (virtual) cores
                                                                               - RAM: 24 GB
                                                                                                         If the Cranial Tumor Segmentation feature of
                                                             Contouring shall be supported, the following
                                            GPU
                                                              requirements have to be fulfilled:
                                                                               - GPU vRAM: 8GB
                                                                               - GPU driver: ≥ 472.5* (*cuda 11.8 tool kit
                                                                       compatibility)
                                                                               - CUDA compute capability: > 5.2
Operating system
                           - Windows Server 2012 R2 / 2016 / 2019    - Windows Server 2016
                           - Windows 8.1                                    - Windows Server 2019
                           - Windows 10                                    - Windows Server 2022
                                                                               - Windows 10

Input Devices        Touch and mouse/keyboard control       Touch and mouse/keyboard control
Automatic
                                                                   Cranial tumors are auto-segmented as 3D
Segmentation:       Not available
                                                                  objects in image sets with supported modality
Cranial Tumors


                                                                            PAGE 9 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab          Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
  Topic/ Feature
                    Elements Contouring 4.5 (K223106))                 Contouring 5.0)
                                                              (MR-t1 contrast enhanced) by means of a
                                                        machine learning algorithm.

                                                                     Similar to other anatomical structures the user
                                                        can review, adjust or reject the tumor object.
Automatic          The application automatically creates      The application automatically creates
Segmentation:        segmentation objects by using an atlas-    segmentation objects by using an atlas-based
Anatomical objects   based automatic segmentation of the       automatic segmentation of the
                         brain.                                         brain.
                     Workflow-relevant segmentation objects    Workflow-relevant segmentation objects are
                      are                                       created automatically or, if required by a
                      created automatically or, if required by a    workflow, on a single button click.
                     workflow, on a single button click.            In addition auto-segmented objects can
                                                                     optionally also be retrieved via the Anatomical
                                                                     Patient Model 1.1 by means of a setting.
Landmark Support    The application can display annotations.   The application can be used to display, define
                     Annotations cannot be changed or        and edit annotations and registration markers.
                    removed.
Visualization:        Not available                         The application can be used to display two
Blending Mode                                               fused images within one view. A slider is
                                                                    available to blend from one image to another.
Abnormity Detection    If an anomaly is detected, the application      If an anomaly is detected, the application
                       automatically focuses the views on this     automatically focuses the views on this
                    anomaly.                               anomaly.
                  Anomaly detection is either the result of    Anomaly detection is either the result of the
                      the                                       atlas-based automatic segmentation of the
                      atlas-based automatic segmentation of      brain or, on platforms with appropriate
                      the                                GPUs, the result of a machine learning
                       brain or, on platforms with appropriate      algorithm. The GPU requirements are listed
                  GPUs, the result of a machine learning       in the UniversalAtlasPerformer Test Plan
                       algorithm. The GPU requirements are     ML Abnormity Detection.
                          listed
                          in the UniversalAtlasPerformer Test Plan
               ML Abnormity Detection.
Automatic          The application also offers the possibility   The application also offers the possibility to
Segmentation:         to                                         define customized segmentation templates.
Anatomical objects    define customized segmentation
– Segmentation       templates.
Templates
Automatic           Not available                     A resection cavity object can be segmented
Segmentation –                                                   automatically based on ultrasound image data.
Resection Cavity                                                    Similar to other anatomical or tumor objects,
                                                                the user can review, adjust or reject the
                                                                   resection cavity object.


                                                                           PAGE 10 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab          Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
  Topic/ Feature
                    Elements Contouring 4.5 (K223106))                 Contouring 5.0)
Manual Creation     The application provides tools for manual  The application provides tools for manual
and Refinement of     creation and refinement of segmentation    creation and refinement of segmentation
Objects                objects:                                      objects:
                           - SmartShaper                                   - SmartShaper
                           - Brush 3D / Erase 3D                          - Brush 3D / Erase 3D
                           - Brush 2D / Erase 2D                          - Brush 2D / Erase 2D
                           - Smart Brush                                    - Smart Brush
Multi-Modal         SmartBrush can be used for multi-modal   SmartBrush can be used for multi-modal
Drawing              drawing, i.e. two images are used for       drawing, i.e. two images are used for drawing
                    drawing in a multi-modal view layout.        in the newly introduced blending view when
                                                             Blending Mode is active.
Manual Creation of   The application provides a Threshold      The application provides a Threshold
Objects: Threshold    Segmentation tool to create objects.       Segmentation tool to create objects.
Segmentation        Threshold Segmentation supports MR,     Threshold Segmentation supports MR, CT,
                   CT, PET, US and Contrast Clearance      PET, US, Contrast Clearance Analysis (CCA)
                      Analysis (CCA) data.                   and RGB data.
                  The size of a geometric ROI during        The size of a geometric ROI during Threshold
                     Threshold Segmentation can be adjusted.   Segmentation can be adjusted and it can be
                                                                       rotated.
                  The application provides tools for the      The application provides tools for the
                      manipulation of objects:                   manipulation of objects:
                           - Copy                                            - Copy
                           - Margins                                         - Margins
Object Manipulation    - Smoothing                                      - Smoothing
                           - Mirroring                                        - Mirroring
                           - Shifting and Rotation                          - Shifting and Rotation
                           - Splitting                                         - Splitting
                           - Automatic Object Fitting                      - Automatic Object Fitting
                  The application provides tools for logical   The application provides tools for logical
                      operations on objects:                     operations on objects:
Logical Operations     - Union                                           - Union
                           - Subtract                                        - Subtract
                           - Intersect                                        - Intersect
Object Review       The application provides functionality to    The application provides functionality to
                       control the review state of objects. In        control the review state of objects. In case
                    case                                        of leaving the application with unreviewed
                       of leaving the application with              semi-automatically or automatically created
                    unreviewed                                  objects, a message is displayed.
                      semi-automatically or automatically
                      created
                        objects, a message is displayed.
Volumetric Report        It is possible to create a printable report        It is possible to create a printable report for
                         for                                  an object in a platform independent file
                   an object in a platform independent file     format, giving information about the object's
                                                           volume, its diameter according to the


                                                                           PAGE 11 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab          Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
   Topic/ Feature
                     Elements Contouring 4.5 (K223106))                 Contouring 5.0)
                        format, giving information about the       Macdonald criteria and its response
                          object's                                    evaluation criteria (RECIST).
                      volume, its diameter according to the            If multiple objects are selected and a
                    Macdonald criteria and its response         volumetric report is created, it contains
                        evaluation criteria (RECIST).                information about all objects.
                                      If multiple objects are selected and a
                        volumetric report is created, it contains
                        information about all objects.
 Drawing Tools for    The application calculates a clinical       The application calculates a clinical target
 the Spine SRS Use    target                                volume (CTV) and a cropped organ at risk
 Case               volume (CTV) and a cropped organ at risk  (OAR) object based on a manually outlined
                    (OAR) object based on a manually         Gross Tumor (GTV).
                        outlined                         CTV and OAR objects can be created upon
                     Gross Tumor (GTV).                       button click, based on a guideline published
                 CTV and OAR objects can be created      by Cox et al. (2012) when adding a GTV
                   upon                                           outline.
                       button click, based on a guideline            In a user session, multiple combinations of
                       published                           GTV, CTV and OAR can be created.
                    by Cox et al. (2012) when adding a GTV
                           outline.
                           In a user session, multiple combinations
                        of
                   GTV, CTV and OAR can be created.
 Drawing Tools for    The application offers outlining features    The application offers outlining features for
 the Angio Use Case    for                                       cerebrovascular diseases. These features
                       cerebrovascular diseases. These features   shall be supported by utilization of
                          shall be supported by utilization of         angiographic image data (i. e. 2D DSA) and
                       angiographic image data (i. e. 2D DSA)      projective fusions written by Image Fusion
                    and                                      Angio.
                         projective fusions written by Image
                      Fusion
                       Angio.


Fibertracking 3.0

                          Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab         Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
    Topic/ Feature
                      Elements Fibertracking 2.0 (K223106))               Fibertracking 3.0)
                         Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an         Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an
                           application for the processing and            application for the processing and
                            visualization of cranial white matter tracts     visualization of cranial white matter tracts
 Indications for use     based on Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI)     based on diffusion weighted imaging
                        data for use in treatment planning           (DWI) data for use in treatment planning
                        procedures.                                procedures. It is not intended for diagnostic
                                                                  purposes. Brainlab Elements Fibertracking


                                                                            PAGE 12 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab         Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
   Topic/ Feature
                     Elements Fibertracking 2.0 (K223106))               Fibertracking 3.0)
                   The device itself does not have clinical         is indicated for planning of cranial surgical
                          indications.                                 treatments and preplanning of cranial
                                                                    radiotherapy treatments.
                   The intended users are medical
                         professionals. Typical users are:           The intended users are medical
                                 -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS):             professionals. Typical users are:
                          Neurosurgeons, Ear-Nose-Throat                 -  Image Guided Surgery (IGS): Surgeons
                          (ENT) surgeons and Cranio-                 trained in the areas of neurosurgery
Operator profile              Maxillofacial (CMF) surgeons including      including their assistants.
                                 their assistants                        Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals
                      Radiotherapy (RT): medical professionals    who perform radiation treatment planning
                  who perform radiation treatment planning     (medical physicists, radiation oncologists,
                       (medical physicists, radiation oncologists,     dosimetrists, physicians, etc.).
                          dosimetrists, physicians, etc.)
Patient population        In general, there are no demographic,       There are no demographic, regional or
                         regional or cultural limitations for patients.    cultural limitations for patients.
                                         It is up to the user to decide if the system
                          shall be used to assist a certain procedure.
Conditions of use      The system shall be used in a hospital      The system shall be used in a hospital
                          office environment or rooms appropriate      office environment or rooms appropriate
                           for surgical interventions or radiotherapy      for surgical interventions or radiotherapy
                        planning.                                    planning.
Computer hardware     Brainlab Elements can be used on          IGS Workstation:
requirements          hardware that fulfills the defined minimum     - Operating system: Windows 10
                        requirements:                                      - minimum 4 physical cores
                             - Operating System: Windows 8.1 64bit         - RAM: 8 GB
                             - Minimum 4 logical cores                        - Graphics: DirectX 12 compatible
                             - Minimum RAM: 6 GB                            - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)
                             - Graphics: Direct X compatible            IGS Server / Virtual Machine:
                             - Display Resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)    - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                                   - RAM 16GB
                                                  RT Workstation:
                                                                                   - Operating System: Windows 10
                                                                                   - minimum 6 physical cores
                                                                                   - RAM: 48GB
                                                                                   - Graphics card: DirectX 12
                                                                                   - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080 (Full HD)
                                                  RT Server / Virtual Machine:
                                                                                   - Operating System: Windows Server 2016
                                                                                   - minimum 12 physical cores
                                                                                   - RAM: 64GB (+16GB per additional user)
Operating system                                                               - Windows Server 2016
                             - Windows Server 2012 R2 / 2016 / 2019      - Windows Server 2019
                             - Windows 8.1                                      - Windows Server 2022
                             - Windows 10                                      - Windows 10


                                                                           PAGE 13 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab         Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
   Topic/ Feature
                     Elements Fibertracking 2.0 (K223106))               Fibertracking 3.0)

Preprocessing         Automatic DTI Preprocessing (by using       Automatic DWI Preprocessing (by using
                    component DTI Preprocessing Performer    component DWI Performer 3.0):
                           2.0):                              Eddy Current Correction,
                   Eddy Current Correction,               Motion Correction,
                   Motion Correction,                   B-Vector Realignment,
                   B-Vector Realignment,                Denoising,
                   Denoising,                         Regularization
                   Regularization                      Creation of ODF field for HARDI data

Define seed regions     Application offers the following possibilities   Application offers the following possibilities
of interest               to define seed ROIs for Fibertracking (ROI     to define seed ROIs for Fibertracking (ROI
                     based Fibertracking):                     based Fibertracking):
                   Manual 3D Object (as include or exclude   Manual 3D Object (as include or exclude
                      ROI)                                      ROI)
                   Existing 3D Object(s), e.g. by using ROI    Existing 3D Object(s), e.g. by using ROI
                       templates                                  templates
                   “Interactive Tracking” to use a dynamic     “Interactive Tracking” to use a dynamic
                    ROI to generate fiber bundles on the fly     ROI to generate fiber bundles on the fly

Algorithm               Application offers three sliders to influence   Application offers sliders to influence the
configuration           the algorithm’s stopping criteria:              algorithm’s stopping criteria:
                   Minimum FA Threshold (default: 0.2)        Deterministic tracking using DTI:
                   Minimum Length (default: 80 mm)        Refinement (remove outliers, default:
                   Maximum Angulation (default: 20°)      10%)
                                                   Minimum FA Threshold (default: 0.2)
                   See also topic “Toolarea”.               Maximum Angulation (default: 20°)

                                                                            Probabilistic tracking using CSD:
                                                   Refinement (remove outliers, default:
                                                 10%)
                                                   Amplitude (default: 0.1)
                                                   Maximum Angulation (default: 20°)

                                                                      •  Deterministic Tracking Algorithm
                                                               based on Combined Single/Dual
                                                                 Tensor Tracking
                         •  Deterministic Tracking Algorithm
                                                                      •  Probabilistic tracking algorithm
                        based on Combined Single/Dual
                                                                      •  Constrained Spherical Deconvolution
Fibertracking              Tensor Tracking
                                                                           tracking
algorithm              Create 3D Objects from Fiber bundles
                                                                 Create 3D Objects from Fiber bundles

                                                           Reference Device K212397
                                                                   StealthStation S8 Cranial v2.0:
                                                                       StealthStation S8 Cranial v2.0 offers a


                                                                           PAGE 14 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device (Brainlab         Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
    Topic/ Feature
                      Elements Fibertracking 2.0 (K223106))               Fibertracking 3.0)
                                                                              similar algorithm like the new probabilistic
                                                 CSD tracking algorithm introduced with
                                                                        Fibertracking 3.0.
 User Interface: Tool
 Area, description                    Fiber bundles are accessible via toggle     Fiber bundles are accessible and
                          control and manageable via In-App         manageable in sidebar control
                         DataSelection.
                                                    ROIs are accessible in sidebar for
                    ROIs are accessible in sidebar for         drag&drop to fiber bundle and selectable
                      drag&drop to fiber bundle.                     for editing.
                    ROI-Brush accessible via toolarea.        ROI-Brush accessible via toolarea.
                    Other ROIs directly accessible via        Other ROIs directly accessible via
                         Sidebar.                                     Sidebar.

                    Parameter sliders area accessible in       Parameter sliders area accessible in
                           toolarea.                                      toolarea.

                    “Refresh” accessible via toolarea.         “Refresh” accessible via sidebar.
                    “Erase” accessible via toolarea          “Erase” accessible via toolarea.
                    “Objects Exclude” via Sidebar           “Objects Exclude” via Sidebar

                                                    Algorithm (DTI or CSD) can be selected
                                                                                  in toolarea
                                                    Measurement of coordinates and FA
                                                                   values available via toolarea


BOLD MRI Mapping 1.0

                                       Primary Predicate Device
                                                                       Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
          Topic/ Feature               (Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI
                                                        BOLD MRI Mapping 1.0)
                                      Mapping (K223106))
                                                                            Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI
                                       Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI
                                                                 Mapping provides tools to analyze
                                 Mapping provides tools to analyze
                                                                      blood oxygen level dependent data
                                    blood oxygen level dependent data
                                                           (BOLD MRI Data) to visualize the
                              (BOLD MRI Data) to visualize the
                                                                                   activation signal. It is not intended
 Indications for use                      activation signal and correlation
                                                                                     for diagnostic purposes.
                                  between brain areas.

                                                                            Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI
                                The device itself does not have
                                                                 Mapping is indicated for planning of
                                              clinical indications
                                                                                   cranial surgical treatments.
                                The intended users are medical      The intended users are medical
 Operator profile
                                         professionals. Typical users are:       professionals. Typical users are:

                                                                            PAGE 15 OF 19

Primary Predicate Device
                                                                      Subject Device (Brainlab Elements
         Topic/ Feature               (Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI
                                                       BOLD MRI Mapping 1.0)
                                     Mapping (K223106))
                                                    -   Image Guided Surgery (IGS):     Image Guided Surgery (IGS):
                                      Neurosurgeons, Ear-Nose-       Surgeons trained in the area of
                                        Throat (ENT) surgeons and       neurosurgery including their
                                           CranioMaxillofacial (CMF)         assistants
                                      surgeons including their
                                            assistants
                                   Radiotherapy (RT): medical
                                      professionals who perform radiation
                                     treatment planning (medical
                                         physicists, radiation oncologists,
                                        dosimetrists, physicians, etc.)
                                                                IGS Workstation:
                                     Brainlab Elements can be used on      - Operating system: Windows 10
                                 hardware that fulfills the defined        - minimum 4 physical cores
                              minimum requirements:                  - RAM: 8 GB
                                                    -   Operating System: Windows 8.1    - Graphics: DirectX 12 compatible
                                          64bit                                  - Display resolution: 1920 x 1080
Computer hardware requirements
                                                    -   Minimum 4 logical cores           (Full HD)
                                                    -   Minimum RAM: 6 GB
                                                    -    Graphics: Direct X compatible    IGS Server / Virtual Machine:
                                     Display Resolution: 1920 x 1080        - Operating System: Windows
                                            (Full HD)                            Server 2016
                                                                                           - RAM 16GB
                                                    -   Windows Server 2012 R2 /          -   Windows Server 2016
                                   2016 / 2019                              -   Windows Server 2019
Operating system
                                                    -   Windows 8.1                             -   Windows Server 2022
                              Windows 10                     Windows 10


                                                                           PAGE 16 OF 19

4.  Performance Data
   The Subject Device has been verified and validated according to Brainlab processes for product
    design and development. A high level explanation of the testing provided in this submission for the
    Subject Device is provided below.


    Software verification:
    Software verification has been performed on software level, verifying the software requirements
    through integration tests as well as GUI tests and Unit tests. An incremental test strategy has been
    set up for the release candidates for changes with limited scope. In this case, an impact analysis of
    the  modifications was performed and  tests  to be performed  are  identified and planned
    correspondingly.

    Usability Evaluation:
   Image Fusion 5.0:
    Formative and Summative Usability was carried out for Image Fusion 5.0. The main goal was the
    calculation of vMRI images that can support further neurosurgical procedures. Compared to Image
    Fusion 4.5, users can now additionally calculate a vMRI based on an intraoperative Ultrasound. The
   page layout and tools for verification of a fusion remain similar to predecessor versions.

    Fibertracking 3.0:
   The changes did not affect primary operating functions or any use related risks. No Summative
    Usability Evaluation was performed. Four rounds of formative evaluations of the changes were
    performed with a total of 23 users. Different rounds focused on various aspects such as general
   use of Fibertracking in a clinical workflow and experiences with the predecessor devices, new GUI
   components, review of the final concepts for the user interface.


   Accuracy Tests:
   Image Fusion 5.0:
    This test was to validate that Elements Virtual iMRI Cranial can be applied to cranial MR and
    intraoperative MR/CT/US image data related to image guided surgery approaches to compensate
    for surgery-related brain shift during resection. Tests were carried out using retrospective image
    data sets.
    Fibertracking 3.0:
   To validate  if Fibertracking allows to visualize cranial white matter structures such as motoric,
    language and visual tracts based on state of the art approaches for Fibertracking as Constrained
    Spherical Deconvolution (CSD) and probabilistic tracking.

                                                                         PAGE 17 OF 19

AI/ML Performance Tests for Contouring 5.0:
To validate Elements AI Tumor Segmentation can be used to semi-automatically segment
supported cranial tumors (metastases, meningiomas, cranial and paraspinal nerve tumors, gliomas,
glioneuronal and neuronal tumors) on 3D medical Contrast Enhanced T1-weighted MR images
powered by the Anatomical Patient Model. The approach used was quantitative validation –
comparison to ground-truth annotations.

Validation Summary:
Elements AI Tumor Segmentation algorithm was tested on de-identified 3D CE-T1 MR images
from 412 patients (595 scans, 1878 annotations) from multiple clinical sites in the US and Europe.
All data was acquired from adult patients with one or multiple contrast-enhancing tumors. The
pool contained homogenous distribution by gender (female/male) and a diversity of ethnicity
groups being White/Black/Latino/Asian with the highest representation. Most of data were
obtained in patients who underwent stereotactic radiosurgery using a diverse acquisition of MR
protocols (mainly containing 1.5T/3T MRI scans acquired in axial scan orientation). The test data
pools also included control patients without cranial tumors. ¼ of the test pool corresponded to
data from three independent sites in USA. The validation was conducted quantitatively by
comparing the (manual) ground-truth segmentations, the so-called annotations with the
respective automatically-created segmentations. The annotations involved external/independent
annotator team including US radiologists and non US radiologists which followed a well-defined
data curation process.


In accordance with best practices, measurement of recall and precision and object-specific DICE
coefficient were performed to assess the similarity between both segmentations. Acceptance
criteria were Dice ≥ 0.7, Recall ≥ 0.8 and Precision ≥ 0.8 for the lower bound of the respective 95
% confidence intervals. Successful validation has been completed based on images containing
up to 30 cranial metastases, each showing a diameter of at least 3 mm, and images with primary
cranial tumors that are at least 10 mm in diameter (for meningioma, cranial/paraspinal nerve
tumors, gliomas, glioneuronal and neuronal tumors). See performance metrics in Table 1.


                             Table 1 Summary of test statistics

      Diagnostic                     Mean     Mean     Mean
      Characteristics                     Dice        Precision   Recall
       All                                0.75       0.86       0.85
      Metastases to the CNS               0.74       0.85       0.84


                                                                      PAGE 18 OF 19

Meningiomas                       0.76       0.89       0.90
          Cranial and paraspinal nerve tumors   0.89       0.97       0.97
         Gliomas and glio-/neuronal tumors     0.81       0.95       0.85


5.  Conclusion
   The comparison of the Subject Device with the predicate device shows that Brainlab Elements 7.0
   has similar functionality, intended use and technological characteristics as the predicate device.
   Based on the comparison to the predicate and the performance testing conducted, the Subject
    Device is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                         PAGE 19 OF 19