June 12, 2025


Pearl Inc.
℅ William Birdsall
Chief Compliance Officer
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K243234
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion® CS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: May 8, 2025
    Received: May 8, 2025


Dear William Birdsall:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243234 - William Birdsall                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243234 - William Birdsall                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,
               Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243234

Device Name

Second Opinion® CS

Indications for Use (Describe)

Second Opinion® CS is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid in the detection and segmentation of caries
in periapical radiographs.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review periapical radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of
age or older as a second reader.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K243234
                     510(K) SUMMARY


1. Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: Ashley Brown, Director of Quality and Regulatory Affairs

Officer Date Summary Prepared: May 22, 2025

2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion® CS

3. Common or Usual Name
Analyzer, Medical Image

4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:      Medical Image Analyzer
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2070, Class II
Product Code: MYN

5. Predicate Information
Predicate device: The proposed primary predicate device is the first clearance of the
Second Opinion device, by Pearl Inc., cleared on March 04, 2022 (K210365)
classified as a Class II Medical Image Analyzer pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2070, under
product code MYN (Analyzer, Medical Image).
The cleared device is a computer aided detection (CADe) software device, indicated for
use by dental health professionals as an aid in their assessment of periapical radiographs
of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older, as second reader. The device
utilizes computer vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques, to
identify and mark potential caries with bounding boxes.
The subject device is substantially equivalent to the first clearance as the overall intended
use and nature of the software remains the same. Caries detection was originally cleared
(K210365) based on standalone and MRMC studies. Second Opinion CS has the same
intended use for detection of caries in periapical radiographs. The only difference is that
Second Opinion CS now provides a detailed analysis of the lesion’s overlap with dentin
and enamel, presented as a percentage.

The proposed secondary predicate device is Overjet Dental Caries Assist by Overjet Inc.,
cleared in K222746 (03/22/2023). The product code for the predicate is MYN. This device
has the same technology (AI software) and intended use as CADe to aid in dental review of
radiographs.

6. Device Description
 Second Opinion CS detects suspected carious lesions and presents them as an
 overlay of segmented contours. The software highlights detected caries with an
 overlay and provides a detailed analysis of the lesion’s overlap with dentine and
enamel, presented as a percentage. The output of Second Opinion CS is a visual
 overlay of regions of the input radiograph which have been detected as potentially
 containing caries. The user can hover over the caries detection to see the
segmentation analysis.

Second Opinion PC consists of three parts:
   ●Application Programing Interface (“API”)
   ●Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
    ●Client User Interface (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:
1.  Images are sent for processing via the API
2.  The API routes images to the ML modules
3.  The ML modules produce detection output
4.  The UI renders the detection output

The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user
interface and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine
learning modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by
the machine learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

Second Opinion CS uses machine learning to detect and segment caries. Images received
by the ML modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as metadata.
The final output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the UI for
visualization. Detected carious lesions are displayed as overlays atop the original
radiograph which indicate to the practitioner which teeth contain which detected carious
lesions that may require clinical review. The clinician can toggle over the image to highlight
a potential condition for viewing. Further, the clinician can hover over the detected caries to
show a hover information box containing the segmentation of the caries in the form of
percentages.

7. Indications for Use
Second Opinion® CS is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to aid dentists in
the detection and segmentation of caries in periapical radiographs.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review periapical radiographs of
  permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a second reader.

 8. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
  The primary and secondary predicate devices and subject device are similar CADe
  devices in the following ways:

     1) Intended use: All three devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians
          in their detection of caries in radiographs of permanent teeth. Both the subject
        device and the secondary predicate are intended for segmentation of detected
         carious lesions.
     2) Technology characteristics: All three devices employ computer vision and
       machine learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
        processing, and demarcate detected caries within a user interface with a
         graphical overlay over radiographs.
     3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate devices are CADe systems,
         neither pose a direct safety hazard to the patient. The primary hazards for all
         devices,  subject and  predicates, are  potential  false  positives and  false
         negatives. In the case of each device, users are not meant to rely solely on
         detection output for clinical decision-making.
     4)  Clinical Performance:  All devices have undergone  clinical studies which
        demonstrate statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance.


Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion CS with the predicate devices.

                                                Primary Predicate            Secondary Predicate
                       Subject Device            Second Opinion                     Overjet
               Second Opinion PC            K210365                     K231678
  Manufacturer            Pearl Inc.                      Pearl Inc.                          Overjet, Inc.

   Classification           892.2070                    892.2070                       892.2070

  Product Code         MYN                MYN                   MYN

     Image              Radiograph                  Radiograph                     Radiograph
    Modality

   Intended Use    Dental CADe to aid in         Dental CADe to aid in dental       Dental CADe to aid in dental
                      dental radiograph review       radiograph review by HCP         radiograph review by HCP
                   by HCP

Full IFU    Second Opinion® CS is a    Second Opinion® is a computer   Overjet Caries Assist (OCA) is a
                computer aided detection    aided detection ("CADe”) software radiological, automated,
                ("CADe”) software to aid in    to identify and mark regions in     concurrent-read, computer-assisted
                 the detection and              relation to suspected dental       detection (CADe) software intended
                segmentation of caries in     findings which include Caries,     to aid in the detection and
                   periapical radiographs.       Discrepancy at the margin of an   segmentation of caries on bitewing
                                                   existing restoration, Calculus,    and periapical radiographs. The
                             It is designed to aid dental
                                                 Periapical radiolucency, Crown    device provides additional
                  health professionals to review
                                                 (metal, including zirconia &        information for the dentist to use in
                   periapical radiographs of
                                               non-metal), Filling (metal &         their diagnosis of a tooth surface
               permanent teeth in patients
                                               non-metal), Root canal, Bridge,   suspected of being carious. The
               12 years of age or older as a
                                       and Implants.                    device is not intended as a
               second reader.
                                                                          replacement for a complete dentist’s
                                                                             It is designed to aid dental health
                                                                             review or their clinical judgment that
                                               professionals to review bitewing
                                                                             takes into account other relevant
                                       and periapical radiographs of
                                                                                  information from the image, patient
                                        permanent teeth in patients 12
                                                                                              history, or actual in vivo clinical
                                            years of age or older as a second
                                                                        assessment.
                                                reader.

     Intended              Dental                        Dental                           Dental
    body part
   Technology      Utilizes computer vision      Utilizes computer vision neural      Automated, concurrent-read,
                   neural network algorithms,    network algorithms, developed     CADe software that utilizes
                      developed from           from open-source models            machine learning
                  open-source models using      using supervised machine
                     supervised machine             learning techniques
                        learning techniques
      Device           Detection and          Detection of radiological dental     Detection and segmentation of
   Description     segmentation of caries.          findings: 5 restorations                      caries.
                                               (crowns, bridges, implants, root
                                                  canals, fillings), 4 pathologies
                                                        (caries, margin discrepancy,
                                                          calculus, periapical
                                                  radiolucency) using bounding
                                                        boxes.


9. Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices
 The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate devices is the
 automatic detection of periapical radiolucencies using machine learning

 The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

      •   All are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
      •   All devices are designed to process digital intraoral radiographs.
      •   All devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for
        periapical radiolucencies detection.
      •   All devices demarcate detections within the user interface with a graphical overlay
       on the radiograph.
      •   All devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.

•  All devices are considered to be of “moderate” level of software concern.
       •  All devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

The candidate and predicate devices are technologically different as follows:
     •  Second Opinion does not include segmentation, whereas Overjet Caries Assist and
     Second Opinion CS include caries segmentation.

 10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
 and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

 Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone clinical study. The
 results of the study showed the system is both safe and effective for its intended use.
 When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion CS are weighed
 against one another, the weight of benefits significantly exceeds that of risks. This
 judgement can be made based on review of the submitted materials showing that Second
 Opinion CS meets the design verification and validation and labeling Special Controls
 required for clearance of Class II medical image analyzers. It is thus concluded that
 Second Opinion CS can be considered safe and effective such that the device will aid
 users in the indicated user population in their radiographic detection and segmentation of
 caries lesions.

 11.Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
 The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
 device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
 Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
 applicable to this device.


 12.Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed

 The effectiveness of Second Opinion CS was evaluated in a standalone performance
 assessment to validate the inclusion of a new caries lesion anatomical segmentation. The
 standalone retrospective study of 1250 periapical radiograph images containing 404 overall
 caries lesions on 286 abnormal images assessed the sensitivity of caries detection of
 Second Opinion CS compared to the Ground Truth.


 The GT dataset for the clinical evaluation of the Second Opinion CS system is
 characterized by a diverse distribution of radiographs across various geographical
 regions, genders, ages, and imaging devices. Geographically, with respect to the
 United States, the dataset includes radiographs from the Northwest (11.0%), from the
 Northeast (18.8%), from the South (29.2%), from the West (15.6%), and from the
 Midwest (25.5%).

 In terms of gender distribution, the dataset comprises radiographs from females

(50.1%), males (44.6%), and unknown gender (5.3%). Age-wise, radiographs are
 from individuals aged 12-18 (12.3%), aged 18-75 (81.7%), and aged 75+ (6.0%).

 The imaging devices used include radiographs from Carestream-Trophy KodakRVG6100
 (25.7%), 79 from Carestream-Trophy RVG5200 (3.2%), 674 from
 Carestream-Trophy RVG6200 (27.0%), 480 from DEXIS Platinum
 (19.2%), 471 from DEXIS Titanium (18.8%), 21 from KodakTrophy KodakRVG6100 (0.8%), and 133 from unknown devices (5.3%).

 Below is a table describing the composition of the dataset with respect to presence
 of caries.

 Standalone Testing

 The  effectiveness  of Second  Opinion CS was  evaluated  in  a  standalone
 performance assessment to validate the inclusion of a new caries lesion anatomical
 segmentation. The standalone retrospective study  of 1250 radiograph images
 containing 404  overall caries lesions on 286 abnormal images assessed the
 sensitivity of caries detection of Second Opinion CS compared to the Ground Truth.

 The key results from this study are:

    ●  The study met the primary endpoint, where Second Opinion CS sensitivity was >
       70%.
    ●  The results remained statistically significant after controlling for multiple
       comparisons (p-value < 0.001).

 The z-score analysis of the lesion level sensitivity for overall caries detection by
 image type showed the estimated lesion level sensitivity (95% CI) was 0.88. The
 tests that the sensitivity was greater than 70% was statistically significant (Hommel
 adjusted p-value: <0.0001).

 The caries subgroup sensitivity (95% CI) was 0.95 (0.92, 0.97) enamel and 0.86
 (0.81, 0.90) dentin. The caries subgroup FPPI (95% CI) was 0.76 (0.70, 0.83)
 enamel and 0.48 (0.43, 0.52) dentin.

 MRMC Testing

The efficacy of Second Opinion® CS was evaluated through a fully crossed multi-reader
multi-case (MRMC) study to validate its caries detection and anatomical segmentation
(enamel, dentin) capabilities in periapical radiographs. The study included 330 radiographs
with 508 caries lesions across 179 abnormal images. Twenty-one U.S.-certified dentists
compared aided (using Second Opinion® CS) and unaided performance, with ground truth
determined by four experienced dentists achieving consensus (Jaccard index ≥0.4). A
standalone analysis compared standalone CAD performance to unaided readers
demonstrated equivalence to the predicate, Overjet Caries Assist (K222746).

The primary endpoint, the difference in weighted alternative free-response receiver
operating characteristic (wAFROC) figure of merit (FOM) between aided and unaided
readers, was analyzed using the Hommel procedure to control family-wise error at 5%, with
Holm-adjusted 95% confidence intervals (CI). Aided readers showed a significant
improvement in caries detection for periapical images (wAFROC-FOM difference: 0.05, 95%
CI: 0.01–0.09, adjusted p=0.0345).

Secondary endpoints revealed a significant increase in lesion-level sensitivity (0.20, 95% CI:
0.16–0.24). False positives per image (FPPI) increased slightly (0.16, 95% CI: -0.03–0.36).
Surface-level specificity decreased marginally (-0.02, 95% CI: -0.04–0.00). Localization and
segmentation accuracy, measured by the Jaccard index, was consistent across readers,
confirming reliable identification of caries and anatomical structures. The standalone
performance of Second Opinion® CS matched or exceeded unaided readers, supporting
equivalence to the predicate.

For overall caries, Standalone CAD outperformed unaided readers, achieving higher
wAFROC-FOM and sensitivity, though with higher FPPI, reflecting a sensitivity-driven
design manageable by clinician oversight, similar to the predicate. These results highlight
the CAD’s superior ability to detect and segment caries independently, reinforcing its
equivalence to the predicate and its value as an adjunct tool.

For enamel and dentin, the wAFROC-FOM difference was 0.04 (95% CI: 0.01, 0.08) for
enamel and 0.05 (95% CI: 0.02, 0.08) for dentin. Lesion level sensitivity increased
significantly (0.20, 95% CI: 0.16-0.25) for enamel (0.19, 95% CI: 0.15-0.23) for dentin. FPPI
rose slightly (0.21, 95% CI: 0.04, 0.37) for enamel and 0.08 (95% CI: -0.08, 0.23) for dentin.
Standalone CAD vs. unaided readers demonstrated comparable or superior wAFROC-FOM
and sensitivity, confirming robust detection and segmentation performance. The slight
increase in FPPI is mitigated by clinical review in accordance with the intended use.

Exploratory subgroup analyses by age, gender, geographic area, and imaging device
showed no notable differences, though the study was not powered for these comparisons.
The results demonstrate that Second Opinion® CS enhances caries detection, particularly
for periapical images, and reliably segments anatomical structures, affirming its efficacy as
a diagnostic aid.

13. Conclusions

Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion CS and its predicate devices
are deemed to have similar intended uses as devices which aid in the detection and
segmentation of caries that can appear in dental radiographic imagery. Second Opinion
CS’s clinical trial results demonstrate that the device is safe and effective.
As Second Opinion CS raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended use
and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.