May 16, 2025

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co.,Ltd.
℅ Xin Gao
Regulatory Affairs Manager
No.2258 Chengbei Rd. Jiading District
SHANGHAI, 201807
CHINA


Re: K243617
    Trade/Device Name: uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis; uCT ATLAS with
                    uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: April 17, 2025
    Received: April 17, 2025


Dear Xin Gao:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243617 - Xin Gao                                                                   Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243617 - Xin Gao                                                                   Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                               Assistant Director
                                            Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                             Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                           Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K243617

Device Name
uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis; uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis


Indications for Use (Describe)
uCT ATLAS Astound is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the
whole body by computer reconstruction of x-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes. uCT ATLAS
Astound is applicable to head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.
uCT ATLAS Astound is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening for the early detection of lung nodules
that may represent cancer. The screening must be performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs /
protocols that have been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional medical society.
* Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011;
365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for further information.

uCT ATLAS is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the whole
body by computer reconstruction of x-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes. uCT ATLAS is
applicable to head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.
uCT ATLAS has the capability to image a whole organ in a single rotation. Organs include, but not limited to head, heart,
liver, kidney, pancreas, joints, etc.
uCT ATLAS is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening for the early detection of lung nodules that
may represent cancer. The screening must be performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs / protocols
that have been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional medical society.
* Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011;
365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for further information.

uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis is a post-processing software package that accepts UIH CT images acquired using
different tube voltages and/or tube currents of the same anatomical location. The various materials of an anatomical
region of interest have different attenuation coefficients, which depend on the used energy. These differences provide
information on the chemical composition of the scanned body materials and enable images to be generated at multiple
energies within the available spectrum. uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis software combines images acquired with low and
high energy spectra to visualize this information.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 2 of 2

K243617
 Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

                      510 (K) SUMMARY

1.  Date of Preparation
   May 14, 2025

2.  Sponsor Identification

    Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co.,Ltd.
    No.2258 Chengbei Rd. Jiading District, 201807, Shanghai, China

    Contact Person: Xin GAO
    Position: Regulatory Affair Manager
     Tel: +86-021-67076888-5386
    Fax: +86-021-67076889
    Email: xin.gao@united-imaging.com

3.  Identification of Subject Device

    Device Name: uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
   Common Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Model(s): uCT ATLAS Astound
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: JAK
   Review Panel: Radiology

    Device Name: uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
   Common Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Model(s): uCT ATLAS
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: JAK
   Review Panel: Radiology

4.  Identification of Predicate/Reference Device(s)

    Predicate Device(s)

    Device Name: uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
    510(k) Number: K231482
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: JAK
   Review Panel: Radiology


                      Page 1 of 8

K243617
 Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com


    Device Name: uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis
    510(k) Number: K231482
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: JAK
   Review Panel: Radiology


    Reference device(s):
    Device Name: uCT 760, uCT780
    510(k) Number: K230162
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: JAK
   Review Panel: Radiology

5.  Device Description:

The uCT ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT Dual Energy Analysis and uCT ATLAS with
uWS-CT Dual Energy Analysis includes the same intended use and same indications for
use as their recent cleared versions (K231482). The reason for this submission is to
support the following additional functions:


   CardioXphase (optimized)
   CardioBoost
   CardioCapture (optimized)
   AIIR
   Motion Freeze
   Ultra EFOV


6.  Indications for Use

  uCT ATLAS Astound is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to
  produce cross-sectional images of the whole body by computer reconstruction of x-ray
  transmission data taken at different angles and planes. uCT ATLAS Astound is
  applicable to head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.

  uCT ATLAS Astound is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening
   for the early detection of lung nodules that may represent cancer. The screening must
  be performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs / protocols that


                      Page 2 of 8

K243617
Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

 have been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional
 medical society.

 * Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung
 Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for
 further information.

 uCT ATLAS is a computed tomography x-ray system, which is intended to produce
 cross-sectional images of the whole body by computer reconstruction of x-ray
 transmission data taken at different angles and planes. uCT ATLAS is applicable to
 head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular x-ray Computed Tomography.

 uCT ATLAS has the capability to image a whole organ in a single rotation. Organs
 include, but not limited to head, heart, liver, kidney, pancreas, joints, etc.

 uCT ATLAS is intended to be used for low dose CT lung cancer screening for the
 early detection of lung nodules that may represent cancer. The screening must be
 performed within the established inclusion criteria of programs / protocols that have
 been approved and published by either a governmental body or professional medical
 society.

 * Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung
 Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for
 further information.

 uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis is a post-processing software package that accepts
 UIH CT images acquired using different tube voltages and/or tube currents of the
 same anatomical location. The various materials of an anatomical region of interest
 have different attenuation coefficients, which depend on the used energy. These
 differences provide information on the chemical composition of the scanned body
 materials and enable images to be generated at multiple energies within the available
 spectrum. uWS-CT-Dual Energy Analysis software combines images acquired with
 low and high energy spectra to visualize this information.


                     Page 3 of 8

K243617
 Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com


7.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The table below provides the comparisons among the subject devices and the
predicate/reference devices:


 Software    Subject devices                  Predicate     Reference    Discussion
 functions                                    device        device #1
                                          (K231482)    (K230162)
 CardioBoost  Yes                                           --         DELTA         Substantial
                      It is an image reconstruction method                                  Equivalent
                 for cardiac scanning based on deep                              Note 1
                learning technology.
 AIIR        Yes                            Yes                --               Substantial
                      It is an image reconstruction method                                  Equivalent
                  that combines a modal-based iterative                              Note 2
                reconstruction  and  deep  learning
               technology.
 CardioXpha  Yes                            Yes                --               Substantial
 se                  It can recommend the optimal phase                                  Equivalent
                 for cardiac reconstruction, which is                              Note 3
              based on deep learning technology.
 Motion      Yes                                           --                   --               Substantial
 Freeze          It is an intelligent function based                                  Equivalent
            on deep learning to reduce the                              Note 4
                 artifacts caused by head motion.
 Ultra EFOV  Yes                      EFOV      EFOV          Substantial
                      It can extend reconstruction FOV to                                   Equivalent
               bore size using deep learning                                     Note 5
                technique.

 CardioCapt   Yes                            Yes                --               Substantial
 ure                It is a motion correction function for  Both uCT                      Equivalent
                cardiac scanning to reduce coronary  ATLAS and                  Note 6
              motion  artifact, which  is based on  uCT ATLAS
              deep learning technology.           Astound have
             Only uCT ATLAS Optimize  this   this function
                function


 Justification
 Note ID    Justification
 Note 1    Compared to the reference device (K230162), CardioBoost in subject devices is an
            image reconstruction method for cardiac. The difference in the subject devices is datasets
            augmentation and deep learning network optimization in order to improve the overall
            performance for cardiac images reconstruction
          From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject device
            and reference device.

                      Page 4 of 8

K243617
 Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

 Note 2     For uCT ATLAS:
           Compared to the predicate device (K231482), the differences in the subject device are
              datasets augmentation and deep learning network optimization to enable reconstruction
              for head.
            For uCT ATLAS Astound:
           Compared to the predicate device (K231482), the difference in the subject device is deep
              learning network optimization to improve the overall performance.
          From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject devices
            and predicate devices.
 Note 3    Compared to the predicate devices (K231482), the difference in the subject device is the
              introduction of a new deep learning based coronaries detection algorithm to improve the
            performance of CardioXphase. The functionality to select the best phase flowchart
             already exists in the predicate devices CardioXphase (K231482).
          From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject devices
            and reference devices
 Note 4    The function of Motion Freeze is an image reconstruction algorithm which intend to
              correct the patient head motion, this will not raise new safety and effectiveness concerns.
 Note 5    Compared to the predicate devices (K231482), the difference in the subject devices is
               that Ultra EFOV introduces a deep learning network to improve HU accuracy in the area
             of extended FOV.
          From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject devices
            and reference devices.
 Note 6     CardioCapture in this submission is only optimized for uCT ATLAS.
           Compared to the predicate device(K231482), the difference in the subject device is the
              introduction of the deep learning module.
          From the user perspective, the workflow remains the same between the subject device
            and predicate device. .

The difference in technological characteristics do not raise safety and effectiveness concerns. The
bench test and reader evaluation were conducted, The results show that the subject devices are
substantial equivalent to the predicate devices and reference devices.


Performance Data


The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial
equivalence determination

Non-Clinical Testing

Non-clinical testing including bench test and reader study were conducted for the uCT
ATLAS Astound with uWS-CT Dual Energy Analysis and uCT ATLAS with uWS-CT
Dual Energy Analysis to verify that the proposed device met all design specifications as
it is Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device.

UNITED IMAGING HEALTHCARE claims conformance to the same standards and
guidance cleared in K231482.


                      Page 5 of 8

K243617
Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

Software functions  Bench test
CardioBoost         The bench test for CardioBoost was performed to evaluate the
                       subject devices IQ with CardioBoost.

                  IQ evaluation includes:
                  ·General IQ Performance testing of metrics identified in IEC
                    61223-3-5 to study overall performance in a standardized and
                      referenceable manner. General IQ tests include CT HU number
                          test and thickness section test.
           ·A low contrast detectability (LCD) test was performed under
                       the guidance of CTIQ White Paper to evaluate the LCD
                    enhancement, dose reduction and noise reduction.
           ·A high contrast spatial resolution test was performed under
                       the guidance of AAPM's report .

                  The test result shows that:
                  ·CardioBoost passed the basic general IQ test which satisfied
                       the requirement of IEC 61223-3-5.
                  ·CardioBoost showed better LCD comparing with FBP at
                  same scanning dose and can reduce scanning dose comparing
                     with FBP at same LCD.
                  ·CardioBoost showed better noise comparing with FBP.
                  ·CardioBoost showed better spatial resolution comparing with
                FBP at same scanning dose.
AIIR              The bench test for AIIR was performed to evaluate the subject
                      devices IQ with AIIR.

                  IQ evaluation includes:
                  ·General IQ Performance testing of metrics identified in IEC
                    61223-3-5 to study overall performance in a standardized and
                      referenceable manner. General IQ tests include CT HU number
                          test and thickness section test.
           ·A low contrast detectability (LCD) test was performed under
                       the guidance of CTIQ White Paper to evaluate the LCD
                    enhancement, dose reduction and noise reduction.
           ·A high contrast spatial resolution test was performed under
                       the guidance of AAPM's report.

                  The test results show that:
               ·AIIR passed the basic general IQ test which satisfied the
                     requirement of IEC 61223-3-5.
               ·AIIR showed better LCD comparing with FBP at same
                     scanning dose and can reduce scanning dose comparing with
                FBP at same LCD.


                     Page 6 of 8

K243617
Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

               ·AIIR showed better noise comparing with FBP.
               ·AIIR showed better spatial resolution comparing with FBP at
                  same scanning dose.
CardioXphase        The bench test for CardioXphase was performed to evaluate the
                       extraction accuracy of new AI module in heart and coronary
                        artery structure. Other modules are same as the function cleared
                        in K231482.
                  The quantitative assessment metrics for the heart mask and
                     coronary artery mask extracted by the new AI module and the
                     annotated results are calculated: Dice Similarity Coefficient
                    (DICE), Precision, and Recall.
                  The test results show that all indicators have met the
                        verification criteria and have passed the verification.
Motion Freeze       The bench test for Motion Freeze was performed to evaluate the
                       effectiveness on reducing head motion artifacts, by comparing
                       the artifacts on images with- and without- Motion Freeze,
                  The test results show that Motion Freeze can reduce head
                   motion artifacts.
Ultra EFOV         The bench test for Ultra EFOV was performed to evaluate the
                       effectiveness on improving CT value accuracy, by comparing
                       the CT value of images with EFOV and the CT value of
                    images with Ultra EFOV.
                  The test results show that Ultra EFOV can improve the CT
                   number, in cases where the scanned object exceeds the CT field
                      of scan-FOV.

Software functions  Reader study
CardioBoost         The clinical images reconstructed with CardioBoost and KARL
               3D respectively were shown to the readers to perform a fivepoint scale evaluation of both image sets on the several image
                       quality aspects, including noise level, structure fidelity, image
                       quality and clinical features.
                  The results confirmed that CardioBoost images are sufficient
                        for diagnosis and the image quality of CardioBoost is equal or
                        better than the image quality of KARL 3D over all of the
                      evaluation aspects.
AIIR              The clinical images reconstructed with AIIR and FBP
                       respectively were shown to the readers to perform a five-point
                       scale evaluation of both image sets on the several image quality
                       aspects, including noise level, streaking artifact reduction and
                   image structure fidelity.
                  The results confirmed that AIIR images are sufficient for
                     diagnose and the image quality of AIIR is equal or better than
                       the image quality of FBP over all of the evaluation aspects.


                     Page 7 of 8

K243617
       Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
       Tel: +86 (21) 67076888 Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
       www.united-imaging.com

     Motion Freeze       The clinical images reconstructed with Motion Freeze were
                      shown to the readers to perform a 5-point scale evaluation of
                          both image sets on the image quality aspects, including artifact
                            correction effect and clinical diagnostic benefit of the images.
                      The results confirmed that Motion Freeze is helpful for both
                                artifact suppression and clinical diagnosis.
      Ultra EFOV         The clinical images with Ultra EFOV and EFOV respectively
                        were shown to the readers to perform a 5-point scale evaluation
                           of both image sets on the image quality aspects, including
                       image artifacts and homogeneity of same tissue.
                      The results confirm that the images with Ultra EFOV can
                        improve the accuracy of image CT numbers, in cases where the
                         scanned object exceeds the CT field of view.
     CardioCapture       AI motion correction is a new module integrated as a part of
                         CardioCapture in uCT ATLAS. Other modules are same as the
                           function cleared in K231482.
                      The reader evaluation is based on the CardioCapture function
                          with AIMC enabled. The evaluation aspects include:
                      ·Contours are clear and continuous
                    ·Motion artifacts of coronary arteries are tolerable
                   ·Number of diagnostic coronaries reaches at least 50% of the
                                total number of coronary artery segments
                      The results conclude the effectiveness of CardioCapture
                           function for reducing cardiac motion artifacts as expected.

   Summary

   The features described in this premarket submission are supported with the results of the
     testing mentioned above, the subject devices were found to have a safety and
    effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

8.  Conclusions
    Based on the comparison and analysis above, the proposed device has the same intended
     use, similar performance, safety equivalence, and effectiveness as the predicate device.
   The differences above between the proposed device and predicate device do not affect
    the intended use, technology characteristics, safety, and effectiveness. And no issues are
    raised regarding to safety and effectiveness. The proposed device is determined to be
    Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device.


                        Page 8 of 8