February 25, 2025


GE Medical Systems SCS
℅ Ning WEN
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
283 Rue De La Miniere
BUC, 78530
FRANCE


Re: K243446
    Trade/Device Name: 3DXR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1650
    Regulation Name: Image-Intensified Fluoroscopic X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OWB, QIH
    Dated: November 6, 2024
    Received: January 24, 2025


Dear Ning WEN:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243446 - Ning WEN                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243446 - Ning WEN                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K243446                                                             I
Device Name
13DXR

Indications for Use (Describe)
 3DXR  is the AW application which is intended to perform the three-dimensional (3D) reconstruction
 computation of any images acquired with a 3D Acquisition mode of the X-ray interventional system
 for visualization under Volume Viewer.
 The 3D Acquisition modes are intended for imaging vessels, bones and soft tissues as well as other
  internal body structures.
 The 3D reconstructed Volume assist the physician in diagnosis, surgical planning, Interventional
 procedures and treatment follow-up.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

GE HealthCare
3DXR
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                                                        K243446               510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided.

 Date:                    January 24, 2025
 Submitter:             GE Medical Systems SCS
                           Establishment Registration Number - 9611343
                             283, rue de la Minière
                          78530 Buc, France
 Primary Contact:          Ning WEN
                            Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
                      GE HealthCare, (GE Medical Systems SCS)
                                 Tel: +33 6 2324 6023
                             Email: ning.wen@gehealthcare.com
 Secondary Contact         Michelle Huettner
                            Regulatory Affairs Director
                                 Tel: +1 901 558 8035
                             Email: michelle.huettner@gehealthcare.com
 Device Trade Name:      3DXR
 Common/Usual Name:     3DXR, with CleaRecon DL option
 Regulation Number:       21CFR 892.1650, Image-intensified fluoroscopic x-ray system
 Primary Product Code:    OWB
 Secondary Product Code:   QIH
 Regulatory Class:            Class II
 Predicate Device:
 Device Name:            3DXR
 Manufacturer:           GE Medical Systems SCS
 510(k) number:           K181403
 Regulation Number:       21CFR 892.1650, Image-intensified fluoroscopic x-ray system
 Product Code:         OWB
 Regulatory Class:            Class II

Device Description and Marketed Devices:
3DXR is a post-processing software-only application, runs on Advantage Workstation (AW) platform
[K110834], and performs 3D reconstruction for the CBCT 3D acquisition images (input) acquired from
the fixed interventional X-ray system [K181403, K232344]. The reconstructed 3D volume (output) is
visualized under Volume Viewer application [K041521].


                                              Page 1 of 6

GE HealthCare
3DXR
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

The proposed 3DXR is a modification from the predicate 3DXR [included and cleared in K181403]. A new
option, called CleaRecon DL, based on Deep-Learning (DL) technology, is added in the proposed
subject 3DXR application. This new CleaRecon DL option triggered this subject 510(k) submission.
The proposed 3DXR with CleaRecon DL option addresses the same user needs as predicate 3DXR. The
goal of CleaRecon DL option is to remove streak artifacts caused by the pulsatile nature of blood flow
around contrasted objects such as contrast medium injected vessels and stent structures.
The primary features/functions of the proposed software are:
    •  3D Reconstruction for the CBCT images.
    •  CleaRecon DL: powered by a Deep-Learning algorithm, ability to remove streak artifacts
       caused by the pulsatile nature of blood flow and appearing around contrasted objects such as
       contrast medium injected vessels and devices.
    •   3DStent: ability to reconstruct coronary stent with the compensation of the respiratory and
       cardiac motion.
    •   Ability to read Imaging Purposes information on CBCT images (containing the acquisition
       system 3D preset information).
    •  Motion Freeze: ability to reduce the artifacts caused by involuntary respiratory motion.
    •  Metal Artifact Reduction (MAR): ability to reduce the artifacts induced by the presence of
        metallic devices.
    •   Active Tracker Detection: allowing to localize and record Active Tracker position for future
       automatic registration of reconstructed volume with Ultrasound images.
    •   Iodine Streaks Reduction: ability to reduce the streak artifacts induced by the high density of
        iodine.
    •   Scatter Reduction: ability to reduce the scatter-induced non-uniformities.
    •  Extended Range: allowing to increase the dynamic range of the 3D Volume.
    •  CT Format: labeling the reconstructed 3D Volume with CT format.
    •  Image Filters.
    •  3D Volume Size selection.
    •  3D Sub Volume selection.

Intended Use:
 3DXR is the AW application which is intended to perform the three-dimensional (3D) reconstruction
  computation of any images acquired with a 3D Acquisition mode of the X-ray interventional system
  for visualization under Volume Viewer.

Indications for Use:
 3DXR is the AW application which is intended to perform the three-dimensional (3D) reconstruction
  computation of any images acquired with a 3D Acquisition mode of the X-ray interventional system
  for visualization under Volume Viewer.
  The 3D Acquisition modes are intended for imaging vessels, bones and soft tissues as well as other
  internal body structures.
  The 3D reconstructed Volume assist the physician in diagnosis, surgical planning, Interventional
  procedures and treatment follow-up.


                                              Page 2 of 6

GE HealthCare
3DXR
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Technology:
The proposed device 3DXR employs the same fundamental scientific technology as its predicate
device 3DXR [K181403].
In addition, the proposed device 3DXR includes an option CleaRecon DL powered by a Deep-Learning
(DL) Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for removing streak artifacts. The CleaRecon DL algorithm
was trained and qualified using pairs of images with and without streak artifacts.

Device Modification Overview:
The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences and similarities
between the predicate device and the proposed device:

                                Predicate Device:               Proposed Device: Specification
                          3DXR [K181403]                  3DXR
 Indications for Use                      Identical                             Identical
 Patient Population        No limitations on the patient      Same, except for CleaRecon DL
                                    population             option which is validated for adult
                                                                   population only
 3D Reconstruction                      Yes                              Yes
 CleaRecon DL             No, streak artifacts reduction by       Yes, streak artifacts removal
                             Iodine Streaks Reduction only     powered by DL-based algorithm
 3DStent                 No, 3D reconstruction of moving    Yes, 3D reconstruction of coronary
                            object with the compensation of   stent with the compensation of the
                               the respiratory motion          respiratory and cardiac motion
 Imaging Purposes          No, read multiple acquisition       Yes, read acquisition system 3D
                          system DICOM tags to identify     preset in Imaging Purposes DICOM
                                the clinical protocol                        tag
 Motion Freeze                          Identical                             Identical
 Metal Artifact Reduction                Identical                             Identical
 Active Tracker Detection                Identical                             Identical
 Iodine Streaks Reduction               Identical                             Identical
 Scatter Reduction                      Yes                              Yes
 Extended Range                        Identical                             Identical
 CT Format                              Identical                             Identical
 Image Filters                           Yes                              Yes
 3D Volume Size selection               Identical                             Identical
 3D Sub Volume selection                Yes                              Yes


                                              Page 3 of 6

GE HealthCare
3DXR
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Determination of Substantial Equivalence:

Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing
The proposed device, 3DXR, has successfully completed the required design control testing per GE
HealthCare Quality Management System. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected
test results were observed. The proposed device complies with NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 Digital Imaging and
Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (Radiology) standard. It was designed and manufactured
under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the device:
    •  Requirements Definition
    •   Risk Analysis
    •   Technical Design Reviews
    •  Formal Design Reviews
    •  Software Development Lifecycle
    •  Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
    •  System Testing (Verification, Validation)
The proposed 3DXR has been successfully verified on the AW VolumeShare workstation [K110834]
platform. All of the testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and
effectiveness other than those already associated with the predicate device.
The substantial equivalence determination is also based on the software documentation for a BASIC
level.

Additional Non-Clinical Testing
Engineering bench testing was used to demonstrate the performances of the new CleaRecon DL
algorithm’s capabilities to remove streak artifacts from CBCT reconstructions.
Performance was first tested on a segregated test dataset of image pairs (with and without applying
CleaRecon DL for streak artifact correction), independent from the dataset for training and tuning of
CleaRecon DL algorithm. Mean Absolute Error (MAE) and Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM)
were computed for two samples. Acceptance criteria were reduction of MAE and increase of SSIM. A
statistically significant reduction in MAE and increase in SSIM were observed between the two
samples. It was thus concluded that the CleaRecon DL option reduces streak artifacts on tested
images.
Performance was then tested on phantoms. CBCT images acquisitions made with the fixed
interventional X-ray system [K181403, K232344] were performed with simulated streak artifacts
conditions and without (reference). MAE with respect to the reference and standard deviation (SD)
were computed to quantify streak artifact reduction. Acceptance criteria were reduction of MAE and
SD. The reduction of both MAE and SD was observed leading to the conclusion that CleaRecon DL
reduces streak artifacts on phantoms.


                                              Page 4 of 6

GE HealthCare
3DXR
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

The engineering bench testing passed the predefined acceptance criteria, demonstrated the
CleaRecon DL performance to remove streak artifacts, and no degradation of image quality, nor other
concerns related to safety and performance were observed.

Summary of Clinical Testing
A retrospective clinical image quality evaluation was conducted to demonstrate the performances of
the new CleaRecon DL algorithm’s capabilities to remove streak artifacts from CBCT reconstructions
and to ensure final validation of CleaRecon DL derived outputs.
110 independent exams (each from a unique patient) coming from 13 clinical sites were used in this
evaluation, including:
       Brain/Head: 20 patients
       Liver/Abdomen: 30 patients
        Prostate/Pelvic: 20 male patients
        Aorta/Stent-graft: 20 patients
       Other anatomies: 20 patients
These exams were retrospectively collected from the CBCT acquisitions performed with the fixed
interventional X-ray system [K181403, K232344] on adult patients (pediatrics excluded) undergoing
interventional procedures. 80 patients came from the US, 26 patients came from France, 4 patients
came from Japan. These exams were anonymized. There were no inclusion/exclusion criteria of age
(within adult range) and sex/gender (except for prostate). These exams were independent and never
used for the training and tuning of CleaRecon DL algorithm.
13 clinicians were recruited for this evaluation. Each of the 110 exams (with and without applying
CleaRecon DL) was prepared so that the conventional reconstruction images and the images
reconstructed with CleaRecon DL option were presented side by side on AW, with the same display
conditions, and were compared / evaluated at least 3 times independently, resulting in 490 pairs of
clinicians’ evaluations.

For each image comparison, the physicians were asked (through 8 questions):
     -   to evaluate the impact of CleaRecon DL on CBCT image quality,
     -   to confirm that CleaRecon DL removes streaks artifacts and assess whether it brings other
         artifacts when compared to the conventional CBCT reconstruction.
     -   to assess if CleaRecon DL provides a clearer image and how it impacts their confidence in
      image interpretation.
     -   to assess if it brings artificial structures and/or hides important anatomical structures.
The evaluation results met the predefined acceptance criteria and substantiated the performance
claims. In 98% of the cases, the CBCT images reconstructed with CleaRecon DL option are evaluated
as clearer than the conventional CBCT images.
Within 489 reviews, clinicians did not identify any structure or pattern that has been hidden or
artificially created by CleaRecon DL when compared to the original reconstruction.


                                              Page 5 of 6

GE HealthCare
3DXR
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The changes to the predicate device 3DXR do not create new Intended Use nor Indication for Use. The
proposed device 3DXR has identical or substantially equivalent technological characteristics as its
predicate device.
GE HealthCare’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify
any new questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming
from the changes to the predicate.
Based on the development under GE HealthCare’s quality system, successful design verification and
validation, software documentation for a “Basic” level, along with the engineering bench testing and
the clinical evaluation by physicians demonstrate that the proposed 3DXR is substantially equivalent
to, and hence as safe and as effective for its Intended Use as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                              Page 6 of 6