February 6, 2025

Philips Ultrasound LLC
Deval Patel
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
Bothell, Washington 98021


Re: K243794
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System; Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                      System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: December 10, 2024
    Received: December 10, 2024


Dear Deval Patel:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K243794 - Deval Patel                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).
Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K243794 - Deval Patel                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                   YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 k243794                                                        I
Device Name
 EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
  Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
 EPIQ:

 The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
 flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

 Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
  (Adult),  Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
 (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
 (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
 Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

 Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler,
 Color M Mode, Power Doppler and Harmonic Imaging.

 The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include
 clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

 When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and
 surgeon with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure
 uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.

 The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
 procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
 operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
 designed. However, nothing stated  in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
 clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.


  Affiniti:

 The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
 and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

 Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
 (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
 (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
 Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
 Transvaginal, Lung.

 Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler,
 Color M Mode, Power Doppler and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include
 clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

 The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
 procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
 operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
 designed. However, nothing stated  in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
 clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: K243794

Date Prepared: October 10, 2024

Date of Revision: February 5, 2025


      I.      Submitter
        Manufacturer Name and        Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information          Deval Patel
                                            Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (949) 502-1823
       Secondary Contact             Erdit Gremi
                                            Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Philips Ultrasound LLC
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 798-8092

      II.     Device
         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                      Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers
        Regulation Description       Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                   Primary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                                                   892.1550      IYN                                           ultrasonic
                                 Secondary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                                                   892.1560      IYO                                           ultrasonic
                                      Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic  892.1570       ITX
                                      Medical image management and                                                                   892.2050      QIH                                      processing system
                                        Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200     OBJ

        Device Class                 Class II
       Review Panel                 Radiology
        Predicate Device            K240850; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and
                                             Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

Predicate Regulation         Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
     Description                 Primary
                                System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                                               892.1550      IYN                                       ultrasonic
                             Secondary
                                System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                                               892.1560      IYO                                       ultrasonic
                                  Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic  892.1570       ITX
                                  Medical image management and                                                               892.2050      QIH                                   processing system
                                    Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200     OBJ


III.     Device Description
The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the change in AutoMeasure
V3 software application onto the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and  Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems.
Philips AutoMeasure feature provides the end user semi-automated 2D, Doppler and M-mode
measurements with an adult cardiology transthoracic transducer and acquisitions that includes an
electrocardiogram (ECG). The Auto Measure feature is designed to provide semi-automated and
editable measures during an echocardiography. When Auto Measure  is enabled, the healthcare
professional  performs an  echocardiography  with a  workflow  that  provides  the  user  with a
semiautomated measurement that can be edited, accepted, or rejected. AutoMeasure is available in
the Adult Echo analysis application for acquisitions with ECG. Availability  is also controlled by
transducer and preset via the EPM.


The software applications are supported by all EPIQ and Affiniti models running software version 13.0
or higher.

IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use
EPIQ Intended Use
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body.
EPIQ Indications for Use:
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic  (Neonatal),  Fetal/Obstetric,  Gynecological,  Intraoperative  (Vascular),  Intraoperative
(Cardiac),  intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
Doppler and Harmonic Imaging.
The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
and best clinical procedure.

Affiniti Intended Use
The intended use of Affiniti Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body.

Affiniti Indications for Use:


The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
Doppler and Harmonic Imaging.
The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information.
Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for
which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility
for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the
introduction of the AutoMeasure software applications

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
The purpose of the submission is to introduce the change to AutoMeasure V3 software applications to
the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System. The
subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K240850).
The following tables provide an overview of the comparison of similarities and differences between the
proposed device and the predicates.

Table 1: Comparison to Predicate for modification of AutoMeasure V3 onto EPIQ

               EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System     EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
     Feature               Feature: AutoMeasure V3                           K240850                                Comparison
                          Proposed Device                               Predicate Device
                  Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other      Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal),          Identical to predicate
                       (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,  Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
                   Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),        Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological,
                     Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative  Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),
                     (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-      intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal
                     luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal   (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial),
                    (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial),  Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Indications for                   Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,         Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),     Use                    Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,      Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal,
                    Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal          Lung.
                     (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.


                   Trained healthcare professionals             Trained healthcare professionals                          Identical to predicate

                   Intended for sonographers, physicians, and   Intended for sonographers, physicians, and biomedical
                   biomedical engineers who operate and        engineers who operate and maintain your product.
                   maintain your product.
                                                             Before use of the system and user information, the user Intended Users                  Before use of the system and user          must be familiar with ultrasound techniques.
                     information, the user must be familiar with    Sonography training and clinical procedures are not
                   ultrasound techniques. Sonography training   included in the User Manual or with the EPIQ Series
                and clinical procedures are not included in     Diagnostic Ultrasound System.
                   the User Manual or with the EPIQ Series
                   Diagnostic Ultrasound System.
                      Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care     Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for            Identical to predicate
 Intended User    for diagnosis of patients.                     diagnosis of patients.
  Environment

                  Class II                                   Class II                                                     Identical to predicate
   USA FDA
  Classification

                IYN                                  IYN                                                         Identical to predicate
Primary Product
     Code

                 System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler, Ultrasonic  System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler, Ultrasonic             Identical to predicate
    Primary
Regulation Name

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System     EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
     Feature               Feature: AutoMeasure V3                           K240850                                Comparison
                          Proposed Device                               Predicate Device
                21 CFR 892.1550                       21 CFR 892.1550                                          Identical to predicate
    Primary
   Regulation
   Number
                 ITX                                     ITX                                                         Identical to predicate
   Secondary    IYO                                 IYO
 Product Codes  OBJ                             OBJ
               QIH                                QIH
                   Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer              Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer                           Identical to predicate
                    Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging                Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging
   Secondary    system                                 system
Regulation Name  Diagnostic intravascular catheter              Diagnostic intravascular catheter
                 Automated Radiological Image             Automated Radiological Image
                  Processing Software                        Processing Software
                21 CFR 892.1570                       21 CFR 892.1570                                          Identical to predicate
   Secondary    21 CFR 892.1560                       21 CFR 892.1560
   Regulation    21 CFR 870.1200                       21 CFR 870.1200
   Number     21 CFR 892.2050                       21 CFR 892.2050
   Reusable-    Yes                                 Yes                                                         Identical to predicate
  Systems and
  Transducers
                    Limited (≤ 24 hours)                          Limited (≤ 24 hours)                                        Identical to predicate Duration of use
                 Auto Measure is an optional software feature  Auto Measure is an optional software feature on the      Similar to the reference device features.
                on the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound    EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System that
                System that provides the end user with        provides the end user with semiautomated adult       The functionality and workflow of the
                 semiautomated adult echocardiography 2D,   echocardiography 2D and Doppler measurements      AutoMeasure V3 software is Identical to
                  Doppler or M-mode measurements through    through an AI-algorithm, training via machine-learning   predicate where Auto Measure quantifies
                an AI-algorithm, training via machine-learning  techniques.                                     image data acquired on the Philips EPIQ
                   techniques.                                                        It is intended to be used with an Adult Cardiology        Ultrasound System through an AI based
                                It is intended to be used with an Adult         Transthoracic transducer and acquisitions that include   algorithm that used a trained machineCardiology Transthoracic transducer and     an ECG. These measurements are routinely collected    learning model.
                     acquisitions that include an ECG. These       during a transthoracic ECG.                      Compared to predicate only new
                measurements are routinely collected during                                                measurements and detectors are added to   Application                a transthoracic ECG.                  2D modes include the following:                        the existing measurements. Clinical   Description                                                       IVSd                                             performance studies were completed, and
              2D modes include the following:            LVIDd                                                the results showed safety and effectiveness
                 IVSd                           LVPWd
                LVIDd                                 LVIDs
             LVPWd                               Asc Ao Diam
                 LVIDs
                Asc Ao Diam                              Doppler modes include the following:
               LA Vol, A2Cs                    MV Peak E Vel,
               LA Vol, A4Cs                    MV Peak A Vel MV Inflow (MV Dec Time, MV Peak E
               LA Diameter a.p. (PLAX)                       Vel, MV Peak A Vel) LVOT VTI, LVOT Vmax AV VTI,
             RA Volume                       AV Vmax PV VTI, PV Vmax TR Vmax Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System     EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
     Feature               Feature: AutoMeasure V3                           K240850                                Comparison
                          Proposed Device                               Predicate Device
              AoR Diam(2D) = Ao Annlus diam             Vel Lat Vel (Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel) Med E’ Vel, Med A’
                                                              Vel Med Vel (Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel) RV S Vel
                  Doppler modes include the following:
            MV Peak E Vel,
            MV Peak A Vel MV Inflow (MV Dec Time, MV
                Peak E Vel, MV Peak A Vel) LVOT VTI,
              LVOT Vmax AV VTI, AV Vmax PV VTI, PV
              Vmax TR Vmax Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel Lat Vel
                     (Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel) Med E’ Vel, Med A’
                   Vel Med Vel (Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel) RV S
                     Vel, MR VTI
              TR VTI

               M-Modes include the following: TAPSE
                 AutoMeasure V3 is created semi-           AutoMeasure V3 is created semi-automatically using    Subject device uses identical method for
                    automatically using machine learning        machine learning algorithm without user interaction.     contour generation as the reference device
                    algorithm without user interaction. Semi-      Semi-automated adult echocardiography 2D and       K240850. The only difference is the
                 automated adult echocardiography 2D,       Doppler measurements are generated using an artificial  algorithm is new M-mode measurement is
                  Doppler and M-mode measurements are       intelligence (AI) detection algorithm without user        added, new detectors are added, andSemi-Automation                  generated using an artificial intelligence (AI)    interaction. After measurement is generated, the user    existing detectors are re-trained based on  Technology                    detection algorithm without user            can edit (manually adjust the caliper               new literature available.
                      interaction. After measurement is generated,   positions), accept, or reject the measurements.
                    the user can edit (manually adjust the caliper
                      positions), accept, or reject the
                 measurements.
                 User selects an adult echocardiography 2D,   User selects an adult echocardiography 2D or Doppler   Similar. The proposed AutoMeasure V3
                  Doppler or M-mode measurement to perform  measurement to perform then the caliper positions are   software allows very similar semi-automated
                   then the caliper positions are initialized based  initialized based on the output of the AI detection       measurements as the reference software
                on the output of the AI detection algorithm.     algorithm.                                                application AutoMeasure.
                The user can edit, accept, or reject the       The user can edit, accept, or reject the User Interface                 measurements.                          measurements.                                The proposed AutoMeasure V3 software
                                                                                                      adds additional M-mode measurement and
                                                                                           new detectors to the existing measurements
                                                                                                       (2D and Doppler).

Table 2: Comparison to Predicate for introduction of AutoMeasure V3 onto Affiniti


                         Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
      Feature               Feature: AutoMeasure V3                        K240850                              Comparison
                           Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
                    Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other      Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal),  Identical to predicate
                         (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,  Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
                    Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),          (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,
                       Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative  Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular),
                      (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-      Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intraIndications for    luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal   cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional),
       Use         (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial),  Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic,
                    Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,         Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel,
                      Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,      Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),
                      Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal          Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
                       (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.    Transvaginal, Lung.

                    Trained healthcare professionals             Trained healthcare professionals                  Identical to predicate

                    Intended for sonographers, physicians, and    Intended for sonographers, physicians, and
                     biomedical engineers who operate and        biomedical engineers who operate and maintain
                     maintain your product.                       your product.
  Intended Users                    Before use of the system and user           Before use of the system and user information,
                       information, the user must be familiar with     the user must be familiar with ultrasound
                     ultrasound techniques. Sonography training   techniques. Sonography training and clinical
                  and clinical procedures are not included in    procedures are not included in the User Manual
                     the User Manual or with the Affiniti Series      or with the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                     Diagnostic Ultrasound System.              System.
                        Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for  Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for    Identical to predicate
   Intended User    diagnosis of patients.                        diagnosis of patients.
   Environment

                    Class II                                   Class II                                             Identical to predicate
    USA FDA
    Classification

                  IYN                                  IYN                                                 Identical to predicate
  Primary Product
      Code

                   System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler, Ultrasonic  System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler, Ultrasonic     Identical to predicate
      Primary
  Regulation Name

Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
     Feature               Feature: AutoMeasure V3                        K240850                              Comparison
                          Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
                21 CFR 892.1550                       21 CFR 892.1550                                  Identical to predicate
    Primary
   Regulation
   Number
                 ITX                                     ITX                                                 Identical to predicate
   Secondary    IYO                                 IYO
 Product Codes  OBJ                             OBJ
               QIH                                QIH
                   Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer              Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer                   Identical to predicate
                    Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging                Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging
   Secondary     system                                 system
Regulation Name  Diagnostic intravascular catheter              Diagnostic intravascular catheter
                 Automated Radiological Image              Automated Radiological Image
                  Processing Software                        Processing Software
                21 CFR 892.1570                       21 CFR 892.1570                                  Identical to predicate
   Secondary    21 CFR 892.1560                       21 CFR 892.1560
   Regulation    21 CFR 870.1200                       21 CFR 870.1200
   Number      21 CFR 892.2050                       21 CFR 892.2050
   Reusable-    Yes                                 Yes                                                 Identical to predicate
  Systems and
  Transducers
                    Limited (≤ 24 hours)                          Limited (≤ 24 hours)                                Identical to predicate Duration of use
                  Auto Measure is an optional software feature  Auto Measure is an optional software feature on  Similar to the reference device features.
                on the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound    the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                System that provides the end user with         that provides the end user with semiautomated  The functionality and workflow of the
                 semiautomated                                adult echocardiography 2D or Doppler         AutoMeasure V3 software is Identical to
                     adult echocardiography 2D, Doppler or M-    measurements through an AI-algorithm, training  predicate where AutoMeasure quantifies image
              mode measurements through an AI-           via machine-learning techniques.               data acquired on the Philips Affiniti Ultrasound
                     algorithm, training                                              It is intended to be used with an Adult          System through an AI based algorithm that used
                     via machine-learning techniques.             Cardiology Transthoracic transducer and       a trained machine-learning
                                It is intended to be used with an Adult          acquisitions that include an ECG. These        model.
                   Cardiology Transthoracic transducer and     measurements are routinely collected during a   Compared to predicate only new measurements
                     acquisitions that include an ECG. These       transthoracic ECG.                        and detectors are added to the existing   Application                measurements are routinely collected during                                            measurements. Clinical performance studies   Description                a transthoracic ECG.                  2D modes include the following:               were completed, and the results showed safety
                                                       IVSd                                    and effectiveness
              2D modes include the following:            LVIDd
                 IVSd                           LVPWd
                LVIDd                                 LVIDs
             LVPWd                               Asc Ao Diam
                 LVIDs
                Asc Ao Diam                              Doppler modes include the following:
               LA Vol, A2Cs                    MV Peak E Vel,
               LA Vol, A4Cs                    MV Peak A Vel MV Inflow (MV Dec Time, MV
               LA Diameter a.p. (PLAX)                 Peak E Vel, MV Peak A Vel) LVOT VTI, LVOT

Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
     Feature               Feature: AutoMeasure V3                        K240850                              Comparison
                          Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
             RA Volume                         Vmax AV VTI, AV Vmax PV VTI, PV Vmax TR
              AoR Diam(2D) = Ao Annlus diam          Vmax Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel Lat Vel (Lat E’ Vel,
                                                                 Lat A’ Vel) Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel Med Vel
                  Doppler modes include the following:        (Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel) RV S Vel
            MV Peak E Vel,
            MV Peak A Vel MV Inflow (MV Dec Time, MV
                Peak E Vel, MV Peak A Vel) LVOT VTI,
              LVOT Vmax AV VTI, AV Vmax PV VTI, PV
              Vmax TR Vmax Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel Lat Vel
                     (Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel) Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel
              Med Vel (Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel) RV S Vel,
            MR VTI
              TR VTI

               M-Modes include the following: TAPSE
                 AutoMeasure V3 is created semi-           AutoMeasure V3 is created semi-automatically   Subject device uses identical method for contour
                    automatically using machine learning         using machine learning algorithm without user    generation as the reference device K240850.
                    algorithm without user interaction. Semi-       interaction. Semi-automated adult            The only difference is the algorithm is expansion
                 automated adult echocardiography 2D,       echocardiography 2D and Doppler                to new M-mode measurement, new detectors
                  Doppler and M-mode measurements are     measurements are generated using an artificial  and existing detectors re-trained based on newSemi-Automation                  generated using an artificial intelligence (AI)    intelligence (AI) detection algorithm without user  literature available.  Technology                    detection algorithm without user                 interaction. After measurement is generated, the
                      interaction. After measurement is generated,  user can edit (manually adjust the caliper
                    the user can edit (manually adjust the caliper   positions), accept, or reject the measurements.
                      positions), accept, or reject the
                 measurements.
                 User selects an adult echocardiography 2D,   User selects an adult echocardiography 2D or    Similar. The proposed AutoMeasure V3 software
                  Doppler or M-mode measurement to perform  Doppler measurement to perform then the       allows very similar semi-automated
                   then the caliper positions are initialized based  caliper positions are initialized based on the     measurements as the reference software
                on the output of the AI detection algorithm.    output of the AI detection algorithm.              application AutoMeasure.
                The user can edit, accept, or reject the       The user can edit, accept, or reject the User Interface                 measurements.                          measurements.                          The proposed AutoMeasure V3 software adds
                                                                                                                         additional M-mode measurement and new
                                                                                                                  detectors to the existing measurements (2D and
                                                                                                                  Doppler).

VI.     Safety Considerations
The proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
System, including AutoMeasure V3 software applications, and compatible transducers are all Track 3
Devices and comply with the referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document,
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and
Transducers, issued in February 2023.

VII.    Nonclinical Performance Data
The proposed modification of the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and  Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound was tested in accordance with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound
tested the subject devices per the following standards to ensure the continued safe and effective
performance:
    •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
    •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019
Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
provided to support the introduction of the subject AutoMeasureV3 software applications. The activities
to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision included, but are not limited to,
the following:
    •   Requirements Review
    •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
    •   Product Specification Review
    •   Design Reviews
Non-clinical testing also included the Performance Validation Study for the proposed AutoMeasure V3
software applications.
This study evaluated the performance of AutoMeasure V3 software in automation of measurement from
cardiac TTE clips across a diverse set of subject demographics, body habitus and parameters’
distribution. Adult subjects (18 years of age and above) from whom the study data were sampled were
enrolled in hospital settings at multiple institutions, including USA, Asia and Europe. Subjects were
enrolled at institutions between 2015 and June 2024, and the timeframes varied for different hospitals.
Patients referred for clinical TTE as well as healthy volunteers were invited to participate. Data
independence was ensured by adhering to Philips procedure related to consistent data handling and
project documentation independent of the data scientist. The study evaluated the performance of the
AutoMeasure V3 software, where 7127 transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) cardiac clips from 3964
subjects were used for assessment of AutoMeasure V3 parameters (measurements) and compared to
ground truth. The ground truth for the study was defined as Standard of Care (SOC) measurements
obtained during initial subject visit, performed by qualified healthcare professional(s).
The subjects whose TTE clips were used in the study were:

                                                           Subjects
                                       (mean ± SD (n) (min, max) or % (n/N) )
           Age (years)                       59.00±16.66 (3964);(18.00;100.00)
            Gender
                  Male                            48.56% (1925/3964)
                 Female                          51.44% (2039/3964)
            Race

Asian                            2.70% (107/3964)
                   Black or African American            45.18% (1791/3964)

                   White                           30.25% (1199/3964)
                   Other/Mixed                       21.85% (866/3964)
                Unknown                           0.03% (1/3964)
           BMI (kg/ m2)                        28.85±7.06 (3964);(12.40;63.60)


In addition, the performance of the software was accessed in analysis stratified by demographic
variables (age, BMI, gender and race) and clinical status (healthy, suspected of disease).
The results of the 32 hypotheses tested, demonstrated high agreement of AutoMeasure V3 software
with Standard of Care Measurements (ground truth) obtained during initial subject exam, by producing
confidence intervals for the limits of agreement, for each parameter (hypothesis) tested, meeting the
pre-defined acceptance criteria for the study.
Taken together, the results of the study demonstrated clinically reasonable, relevant and meaningful
performance of the AutoMeasure V3 software supporting automation of measurements during cardiac
TTE exams. Specifically, success on the hypotheses testing for AutoMeasure V3 agreement with
ground truth measurements indicate that the safety and effectiveness of the proposed software is
acceptable and  aligns with previously reported agreement  for cardiac assessment. Since the
acceptance criteria were based on inter-observer data for echocardiographic measurements, the
AutoMeasure V3 performance supports the conclusion that the algorithm behaves like any average
human observer. Therefore, the  clinical  acceptability  of AutoMeasure V3  is met.   Lastly, the
AutoMeasure V3 software is a semi-automated quantitative imaging algorithm, and users are generally
expected to review and concur with the initialization and generated results. The users can also edit
algorithm generated measurements and outputs based on their clinical expertise.
Since this is a software-only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
and disinfectants, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound with AutoMeasure V3. The transducer patient contact materials
and manufacturing processes are not impacted by the release of the subject EPIQ Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound with AutoMeasure V3.

VIII.    Clinical Data
There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound Systems and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with AutoMeasure V3 software
applications.

IX.      Sterilization
Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.

X.     Conclusion
Results of the testing show that the proposed subject device meets  its intended use support a
determination that the proposed subject device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.
Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications
for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and effectiveness.