September 10, 2025

Angiowave Imaging, Inc.
℅ Daniel Kamm
Principal Engineer
Kamm & Associates
8870 Ravello Ct.
Naples, Florida 34114


Re: K244002
    Trade/Device Name: AngioWaveNet
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, OWB
    Dated: August 5, 2025
    Received: August 5, 2025

Dear Daniel Kamm:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K244002 - Daniel Kamm                                                              Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K244002 - Daniel Kamm                                                              Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K244002
Device Name
AngioWaveNet
Indications for Use (Describe)
AngioWaveNet is indicated for use by qualified physicians or under their supervision to aid in the
analysis and interpretation of X-ray coronary angiographic cines. AngioWaveNet is intended for use
in adults during X-ray coronary angiographic imaging procedures as a clinically useful complement
to the viewing of standard angiographic cines acquired during diagnostic coronary angiography
procedures. AngioWaveNet software is intended for use to enhance the visibility of blood vessels,
vascular structures, and related anatomical features within angiographic images, which may be
clinically useful to the treating physician
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(K) Summary, 510(k) K244002
                            Submitter: AngioWave Imaging, Inc
                               82 Alden Road, Concord, MA 01742
                           Submitted by: Aram T. Salzman, CEO, Co-Founder
                                     Telephone: 1-617-901-8989
                                  Date Prepared: August 4, 2025

1. Identification of the Device:
    Trade/Device Names: AngioWaveNet
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: QIH, Secondary Product Code OWB

2. Equivalent legally marketed devices: K212074
    Trade/Device Name: ClariCT.AI
    Manufacturer: ClariPi USA Inc.
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: LLZ

3. Reference Device:
    K232526
    Trade/Device Name: Canon XIDF-AWS801, Angio Workstation (Alphenix Workstation), V9.5
    Manufacturer: Canon Medical Systems Corporation
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1650
    Regulation Name: Image-intensified fluoroscopic x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: II
    Product Code: OWB, JAA

4. Indications for Use: AngioWaveNet is indicated for use by qualified physicians or under their supervision to aid
    in the analysis and interpretation of X-ray coronary angiographic cines. AngioWaveNet is intended for use in
    adults during X-ray coronary angiographic imaging procedures as a clinically useful complement to the
    viewing of standard angiographic cines acquired during diagnostic coronary angiography procedures.
   AngioWaveNet software is intended for use to enhance the visibility of blood vessels, vascular structures, and
    related anatomical features within angiographic images, which may be clinically useful to the treating
    physician
5. Description of the Device: AngioWaveNet spatio-temporal enhancement processing (STEP) is an artificial
    Intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) system designed to enhance the visibility of blood vessels in
    angiograms using the unique spatial and temporal information contained in the frames of angiographic
    cines. The Angiowave STEP method employs a neural network architecture in the form of an encoderdecoder, which sequentially takes multiple contiguous frames of an angiogram as input and uses this
    information to provide enhanced visualization of vessels in the central frame. Angiowave has developed a
    novel and versatile implementation of its processing in a DICOM node, which has the benefit of no
    additional on-premises hardware. In addition to the cine processing, the DICOM node handles other
     logistical tasks such as anonymization, image storage and retrieval (e.g. to/from a cloud location),

                                          1 | Page

communication and interoperability, data integrity and security, DICOM conformance, and data archiving
   and management. This full implementation utilizing a cloud location for processor intensive tasks is termed
   AngioWaveNet. The AI/ML model at the heart of STEP was trained on a comprehensive dataset of 300
   anonymized angiograms, averaging 70 frames each, provided by a large non-profit healthcare organization
    that operates in Maryland and the Washington, D.C. region. The dataset spanned a range of clinical and
   demographic characteristics presenting to the catheterization laboratory and was acquired from 2003 to
   2016 using Philips Allura Xper systems. The dataset was randomly sampled from a large clinical study
    population, whose baseline patient characteristics have been published and were consistent with a typical
    coronary catheterization lab population.

6. Safety and Effectiveness, comparison to predicate device. This device has the similar indications for use and
    similar technological characteristics as the predicate device.

7. Substantial Equivalence Chart:
                     Subject Device                   Predicate Device        Reference Device

  Device Name         AngioWaveNet                           ClariCT.AI K212074          Canon XIDF-AWS801,
                                                                            ClariPi USA Inc.              Angio Workstation
                                                                                              (Alphenix Workstation),
                                                                                         V9.5 K232526 Canon
                                                                                        Medical Systems

  Product Code          Primary QIH. Secondary OWB           LLZ                    OWB, JAA

   Regulation          21 CFR 892.2050                 21 CFR 892.2050          21 CFR 892.1650

   Indications for Use     AngioWaveNet is indicated for use         ClariCT.AI, is a               The Angio Workstation (XIDFby qualified physicians or under          software device            AWS801) is used in
                             their supervision to aid in the            intended for networking,      combination with an
                            analysis and interpretation of X-ray      communication                interventional
                         coronary angiographic cines.             processing and               angiography system
                      AngioWaveNet is intended for use       enhancement of CT images     (Alphenix series systems,
                              in adults during X-ray coronary             in DICOM format                  Infinix-i series systems and
                          angiographic imaging procedures as      regardless of the             INFX series systems) to provide
                        a clinically useful complement to        manufacturer of CT         2D and 3D imaging of selective
                         the viewing of standard                 scanner or model.             catheter angiography
                          angiographic cines acquired during                                   procedures for the whole body
                           diagnostic coronary angiography                                          (includes heart, chest,
                         procedures. AngioWaveNet                                     abdomen, brain and extremity).
                         software is intended for use to                             When XIDF-AWS801 is
                       enhance the visibility of blood                                    combined with Dose Tracking
                             vessels, vascular structures, and                                   System (DTS), DTS is used with
                           related anatomical features within                                         selective catheter angiography
                          angiographic images, which may be                                                                                          procedures for the heart, chest,
                                 clinically useful to the treating                                                                                 abdomen, pelvis and brain.
                           physician

   Intended User            Interventional cardiologists and             Radiologists and                 Interventional cardiologists
                            related specialists                             specialists                   and related specialists

   Modality                Fluoroscopic angiography               CT                              Fluoroscopic angiography
   Support

                                          2 | Page

Subject Device                   Predicate Device        Reference Device

  System                      All X-ray                                           All CT Scanners               Canon
   Compatibility           angiography                                                            Alphenix series systems
                          systems exporting                                                                         Infinix-i series systems
                           to XA DICOM                                                         INFX series systems
                          modality

  Image                   Pre-trained deep-learning models           Pre-trained deep learning        Pre-trained deep-learning
   processing                                                 models                      models
  Method

  Supported           DICOM                          DICOM                   DICOM
  Image Format       ● 512x512 8 or 16 bits                    512x512x8 bits                512x512x8 bits
                   ● 1024x1024 8 or 16 bits

  Components             On-site client:                       Windows Operating System,    PC Hardware with GPU
  and Hardware              Intel Quad Core i7-                    PC Hardware,
   Requirements          4770 3.4GHz minimum               CUDA supported
                    ● 32GB Ram                               graphics card or
                    ● Windows 10 or 11                       equivalent
                             Professional

8. Summary of non-clinical testing: We performed software validation and risk management for the software. The
    following FDA guidances were employed in those activities:
    Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices and Content of
    Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.

    Software documentation was provided for a BASIC level as described in the FDA guidance. That included a
    Documentation Level Evaluation, Software Description, Risk Management File, Software Requirements
     Specification, System and Software Architecture Diagram, Software Design Specification (SDS) Software
    Development, Configuration Management, and Maintenance Practices, Software Testing as part of Verification
    and Validation, Software Version History, and finally, Unresolved Software Anomalies.

    For cybersecurity we provided a Cybersecurity Risk Management Report, the Threat Model, the Cybersecurity
     Risk Assessment, the Software Bill of Materials (SBOM), the Assessment of Unresolved Anomalies, Cybersecurity
    Metrics, Cybersecurity Controls, Architecture Views, Cybersecurity Testing, Cybersecurity Labeling, Cybersecurity
   Management Plan, and Interoperability information.

    The software complies with NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 2024a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set.

9. Summary of clinical testing: The AngioWaveNet Task-Based Reader Study, conducted in July and August of 2025,
    comprehensively evaluated the performance of advanced angiographic image processing software across 31 patient
    cases selected from a large angiographic database. 50 sequential cases were drawn from the database, and the first 31
    meeting inclusion criteria were successfully processed and analyzed. Utilizing a methodology developed under a
    prescribed protocol, the study was performed by three experienced interventional cardiologists who assessed the
    software's clinical decision impact on a comprehensive list of angiographic pathologic determination tasks and its
     ability to improve ease of visualization of diagnostic coronary angiograms. AngioWaveNet version 1.0.0 demonstrated
    a 100% processing success rate, with all analyzed cases meeting predefined patient-level success criteria. Further
     details about the testing:

       i. Summary Test Statistics or Acceptance Criteria:

                                          3 | Page

The study achieved all pass criteria, with all 31 patients showing neutral or positive clinical decision impact (mean
      Likert score 3.23, range 3.12–3.44 across three readers). Ease of visualization improved in 99.4% of tasks, with 0%
     unresolved false positives/negatives for most readers

       ii. Number of Individual Patients, Images Collected From
     Angiographic cines were collected from 31 individual patients, drawn from the Corewell Angiographic database.

       iii. Number of Samples and Relationship to Patients
     The study analyzed 97 angiograms (cines) across 31 patients, with each patient contributing 3–4 cines (mean 3.13
      cines/patient). A total of 169 vessels were assessed, with 3,211 tasks (detection, localization, quantification,
      characterization) performed across all cines.

     iv. Demographic Distribution (Gender, Age, Ethnicity)
     The patient cohort (n=31) had a mean age of 67.5 years, with 58.1% male and 41.9% female. Ethnicity distribution
    was 90.3% White, 6.5% Black, and 3.2% Hispanic.

    v. Clinical Subgroups and Confounders
     Subgroups included patients with obstructive CAD (9/31), normal/unobstructed coronaries (22/31), and total
      occlusions (2/31). Comorbidities were prevalent: hypertension (71.0%), dyslipidemia (80.6%), diabetes (35.5%), and
    CHF (32.3%). Indications for catheterization included STEMI (6.5%), NSTEMI (6.5%), and severe aortic stenosis
      (16.1%), with catheterization indications for non-CAD pathologies (e.g. aortic aneurysms, cardiac transplant) noted in
     15 patients.

     vi. Equipment and Protocols Used to Collect Images
     Angiographic cines were sourced from the Corewell Angiographic database, captured using various models of Philips
     systems in March of 2025. The protocol selected diagnostic angiograms sets with major artery views, processed by
     AngioWaveNet and were under typical cath lab monitor and lighting conditions.

     vii. Independence of Test Data from Training Data
      Training data and test data were completely independent. Blinding of readers to each other’s assessments and
      blinding from Angiowave personnel during reading prevented influence of one reader on another or of Angiowave on
     the readers.

10. Conclusion: After analyzing software validation, software integration validation, and physician evaluated
    images, it is the conclusion of AngioWave Imaging, Inc that the AngioWaveNet software is as safe and
    effective as the predicate device. The performance testing data demonstrate that Angiowavenet software
   performs comparably to the predicate device.rendering it substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                          4 | Page