April 15, 2025

Arineta Ltd.
℅Tanya Shalem
VP QA & RA
15 Halamish St.
Caesarea, 3088900
ISRAEL

Re: K250650
    Trade/Device Name: SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: March 3, 2025
    Received: March 4, 2025

Dear Tanya Shalem:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250650 - Tanya Shalem                                                              Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250650 - Tanya Shalem                                                              Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                          for
                                   Lu Jiang
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250650

Device Name
SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of
X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles. The system has the capability to image cardiovascular and
thoracic anatomies, including the heart, in a single rotation. The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac
scan techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for patient use above the age of 2 years). These images may be
obtained either with or without contrast. This device may include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and
equipment supports, components and accessories.
This device may include data and image processing to produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted planes.
The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography imaging of cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies that fit in the
scan field-of-view.
The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated for using low dose CT for
lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted with the established program criteria and protocols that have
been approved and published by a governmental body or a professional medical society. Information from professional
societies related to lung cancer screening can be found but is not limited to: American College of Radiology® (ACR) –
resources and technical specification; accreditation American Association of Physicists in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung
Cancer Screening Protocols; radiation management. Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National
Lung Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for further information. The DLIR
and ASIR-CV algorithms are not compatible with the Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening option.
The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or abnormality and for planning of therapy procedures.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary

  Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option


  I. SUBMITTER

Arineta Ltd.
15 Halamish Street
Caesarea 3088900 Israel
Phone: +972-4-6374000

Contact Person: Tanya Shalem, VP of Q&R, E-mail: tanya.shalem@arineta.com
510(k) Number: K250650

Date Prepared: Mar 03, 2025


 II. DEVICE

Name of Device: SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option

Common Name: System, X-ray, Tomography, Computed

Classification Name: Computed tomography x-ray system

Regulation Number: 892.1750

Product Code(s): JAK


III. PREDICATE DEVICE
Predicate Device Name: SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with Low Dose Lung Cancer
Screening Option

Manufacturer: Arineta Ltd.

510(k) Number: K241200

Common Name: System, X-ray, Tomography, Computed

Classification Name: Computed tomography x-ray system

Regulation Number: 892.1750

Product Code(s): JAK

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) option indication for Arineta's SpotLight
and SpotLight Duo scanners is being expanded to include small patients1, as defined by
AAPM (American Association of Physicists in Medicine). This expansion ensures
comprehensive coverage of the intended lung cancer screening population, following the
previous clearance of the LD LCS option for medium and large patients under K241200.
The proposed LD LCS option for the SpotLight and SpotLight Duo includes scan protocols
with CTDI that comply with AAPM's requirements for the whole LD LCS population patient
size groups, as detailed in the following table:
                                                                SpotLight /
     Patient Size
                       Weight (Kg)        CTDI (mGy)       SpotLight Duo -
   (AAPM group)
                                                                   Indication for Use
        Small              50-70 Kg           0.25-2.8 mGy      Proposed Device
      Medium             70-90 Kg            0.5-4.3 mGy          K241200
        Large             90-120 Kg            1.0-5.6 mGy          K241200

There are not any functional, performance, feature, or design changes required for the CT
systems to which the option is applied.
The proposed full LD LCS protocols option, as the cleared K241200, will be activated by
service or production personnel, with no additional installation required (option activation
only).


 V. INTENDED USE

The SpotLight Computed Tomography X-ray system is intended for head, body, cardiac and
vascular X-ray computed tomography applications.


VI. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the body by
computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles. The
system has the capability to image cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies, including the
heart, in a single rotation. The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac scan
techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for patient use above the age of 2
years). These images may be obtained either with or without contrast. This device may
include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and equipment supports, components
and accessories.
This device may include data and image processing to produce images in a variety of transaxial and reformatted planes.
The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography imaging of cardiovascular and
thoracic anatomies that fit in the scan field-of-view.


1 Note: The “small patients” subgroup discussed in this submission includes adults eligible for Lung Cancer Screening (LCS)
with a weight range of 50 to 70 kg.

The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated
  for using low dose CT for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted with the
 established program criteria and protocols that have been approved and published by a
 governmental body or a professional medical society. Information from professional societies
 related to lung cancer screening can be found but is not limited to: American College of
 Radiology® (ACR) – resources and technical specification; accreditation American
 Association of Physicists in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung Cancer Screening Protocols; radiation
 management. Please refer to clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung
 Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and subsequent literature, for further
 information. The DLIR and ASIR-CV algorithms are not compatible with the Low Dose Lung
 Cancer Screening option.
 The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or abnormality and for planning of
 therapy procedures.


 VII. INDICATIONS FOR USE COMPARISON

 The proposed devices maintain the same intended use. The modification involves a minor
 update to the indications for use, expanding the Low Dose (LD) Lung Cancer Screening
 (LCS) patient population to include all relevant groups. This includes the addition of small
 patient protocols, as defined by AAPM guidelines (50-70 kg, <2.8 mGy).


VIII. TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON

 The technological characteristics of the SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with whole Low Dose
 Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) option and the predicate SpotLight / SpotLight Duo are
  substantially the same, with no functional, performance, feature, or design changes.

 There is no new technology related to LCS protocols or their operation, and no significant
 differences that may raise new issues of safety or effectiveness. Similarly to the predicate
 device cleared for medium and large patients’ protocols, the LD LCS scan protocols for small
 patients comply with the relevant AAPM CTDI dose values, chosen to optimize image quality
 while minimizing the dose.

 The proposed LD LCS option has the same reconstruction technology, and the DLIR and
 ASIR-CV algorithms are not compatible with both the predicate and proposed device LD
 LCS option, as reflected in the Indications for Use.

 A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate device is provided below.

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                  for the SpotLight / SpotLight Duo System          (K241200) CT X-ray System with Low Dose Lung Cancer
                              (Whole LCS population indication-                         Screening (LD LCS) Option
                               small, medium, and large patient groups)           (LCS medium and large patient groups indication)

Indications for Use
Indications for use    The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-   The SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is intended to produce cross-   The indications for use are
                          sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of     sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of     similar except for minor
                       X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles.    X-ray transmission projection data taken at different angles.    differences. The indications
                   The system has the capability to image cardiovascular and    The system has the capability to image cardiovascular and      for use for the proposed
                          thoracic anatomies, including the heart, in a single rotation.     thoracic anatomies, including the heart, in a single rotation.     SpotLight/SpotLight Duo
                   The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac   The system may acquire data using Axial, Cine and Cardiac    devices include the whole
                     scan techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for   scan techniques from patients of all ages (DLIR is limited for   Low Dose Lung Cancer
                          patient use above the age of 2 years). These images may be   patient use above the age of 2 years). These images may be   Screening Option with
                       obtained either with or without contrast. This device may       obtained either with or without contrast. This device may        additional small patient
                         include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and      include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and      protocols per AAPM
                      equipment supports, components and accessories.           equipment supports, components and accessories.             guidelines (50-70kg, <2.8
                        This device may include data and image processing to         This device may include data and image processing to        mGy).
                      produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted     produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted     The indication for use does
                        planes.                                                      planes.                                                      not constitute a new
                   The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography      The system is indicated for x-ray Computed Tomography       intended use for the CT.
                      imaging of cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies that fit in    imaging of cardiovascular and thoracic anatomies that fit in
                        the scan field-of-view.                                        the scan field-of-view.
                   The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for        The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for
                        SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated for using low dose CT   SpotLight / SpotLight Duo is indicated for using low dose CT
                             for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted    for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted
                         with the established program criteria and protocols that have   with the established program criteria and protocols (for
                    been approved and published by a governmental body or a   medium and large patients) that have been approved and
                         professional medical society. Information from professional     published by a governmental body or a professional medical
                          societies related to lung cancer screening can be found but     society. Information from professional societies related to
                               is not limited to: American College of Radiology® (ACR) –      lung cancer screening can be found but is not limited to:
                       resources and technical specification; accreditation American  American College of Radiology® (ACR) – resources and
                        Association of Physicists in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung Cancer   technical specification; accreditation American Association of
                      Screening Protocols; radiation management. Please refer to    Physicists in Medicine (AAPM) – Lung Cancer Screening
                              clinical literature, including the results of the National Lung      Protocols; radiation management. Please refer to clinical
                      Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and           literature, including the results of the National Lung
                      subsequent literature, for further information.                 Screening Trial (N Engl J Med 2011; 365:395-409) and
                   The DLIR and ASIR-CV options are not compatible with the    subsequent literature, for further information.
                  Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening option.                 The DLIR and ASIR-CV options are not compatible with the
                   The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or       Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening option.
                        abnormality and for planning of therapy procedures.         The device output is useful for diagnosis of disease or
                                                                                    abnormality and for planning of therapy procedures.

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                  for the SpotLight / SpotLight Duo System          (K241200) CT X-ray System with Low Dose Lung Cancer
                              (Whole LCS population indication-                         Screening (LD LCS) Option
                               small, medium, and large patient groups)           (LCS medium and large patient groups indication)

Technological Characteristics
Detector technology     Fast scintillator array coupled to photodiode array.             Fast scintillator array coupled to photodiode array.         Same
and geometry
                    33 (WFOV) or 23 (EFOV) configurable high resolution (HR)    33 (WFOV) or 23 (EFOV) configurable high resolution (HR)
                     modules comprising 192 detector rows X pitch 0.5mm (Z      modules comprising 192 detector rows X pitch 0.5mm (Z
                            direction, measured at scanner center).                           direction, measured at scanner center).

                    10 (WFOV) or 20 (EFOV) configurable low resolution (LR).    10 (WFOV)-20 (EFOV) configurable low resolution (LR).
                EFOV includes 10 modules on each wing while WFOV      EFOV includes 10 modules on each wing while WFOV
                        includes 10 modules on one wing. comprising 48 detector      includes 10 modules on one wing. comprising 48 detector
                     rows X pitch 2.0mm                                     rows X pitch 2.0mm

                      Analog to digital conversion per channel on the detection      Analog to digital conversion per channel on the detection
                      module.                                                module.

                 1D antiscatter collimator.                           1D antiscatter collimator.
Data transmission       Contactless transmission (capacitive coupling). Rate up to     Contactless transmission (capacitive coupling). Rate up to    Same
from rotor              6.25 GBit/sec                                              6.25 GBit/sec

Power and control      Brush contact slipring                                    Brush contact slipring                             Same
transmission to rotor
Rotation drive           Direct drive DC motor                                           Direct drive DC motor                             Same
X Ray source         2 x MCS 2093 X ray tubes by Varex Imaging Corp.           2 x MCS 2093 X ray tubes by Varex Imaging Corp.         Same
                        Single ended grounded rotating anode                        Single ended grounded rotating anode
                   Anode angle 13 degrees                              Anode angle 13 degrees
                        1.0 MHU anode heat capacity                                1.0 MHU anode heat capacity
                        Grid controlled focal spot modulation in X direction             Grid controlled focal spot modulation in X direction
                      Small and large focal spots                                Small and large focal spots
                  Max kVp: 140 kV                                 Max kVp: 140 kV
                  Max power: 72 KW                               Max power: 72 KW

Patient table            Motorized vertical and horizontal motion.                     Motorized vertical and horizontal motion.                Same
                        Optional lateral motion                                       Optional lateral motion.

                         Cantilever carbon fiber patient cradle.                          Cantilever carbon fiber patient cradle.

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                  for the SpotLight / SpotLight Duo System          (K241200) CT X-ray System with Low Dose Lung Cancer
                              (Whole LCS population indication-                         Screening (LD LCS) Option
                               small, medium, and large patient groups)           (LCS medium and large patient groups indication)
Image reconstruction    Multicore PC and GPU                                        Multicore PC and GPU                            Same
hardware

Image reconstruction    Modified FDK cone beam algorithm adapted for dual tubes     Modified FDK cone beam algorithm adapted for dual tubes    Same
algorithm               geometry.                                                 geometry.

                       Adaptive filter to reduce directional noise in low level raw       Adaptive filter to reduce directional noise in low level raw
                       data (MBAF).                                              data (MBAF).

                        Non-local means algorithm MBAF2 (optional).                 Non-local means algorithm MBAF2 (optional).

                      For WFOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high          For WFOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high
                          resolution images according to detector configuration, lower    resolution images according to detector configuration, lower
                          resolution images outside FOV covered by high resolution      resolution images outside FOV covered by high resolution
                         detectors.                                                      detectors.

                      For extended FOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high   For extended FOV configuration, adapted to reconstruct high
                          resolution images up to FOV250mm, lower resolution           resolution images up to FOV250mm, lower resolution
                     images outside FOV250mm.                             images outside FOV250mm.
Construction Materials   Metal parts (mostly steel and aluminum)                     Metal parts (mostly steel and aluminum)                Same

                    Lead and tungsten for X-ray shielding                     Lead and tungsten for X-ray shielding

                   PCB, electronic components and electronic cables          PCB, electronic components and electronic cable
                     components                                          components

                       Table top made of carbon fiber reinforced resin                Table top made of carbon fiber reinforced resin

                     Covers made pf molded polymers and reinforced resins       Covers made pf molded polymers and reinforced resins

                            Oil in X-ray tubes cooling systems                                Oil in X-ray tubes cooling systems

                        Detector scintillators made of CdWO4 and Gadolinium         Detector scintillators made of CdWO4 and Gadolinium
                        Oxysulfide (GOS) used in other legally marketed CT           Oxysulfide (GOS) used in other legally marketed CT
                      scanners                                                scanners
Energy sources         Wall supply 380 to 480 V 3 phase                            Wall supply 380 to 480 V 3 phase                    Same

                  Max power demand 115 kVA                         Max power demand 115 kVA

                  Max X ray power (total for two tubes) 72kW              Max X ray power (total for two tubes) 72kW

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                  for the SpotLight / SpotLight Duo System          (K241200) CT X-ray System with Low Dose Lung Cancer
                              (Whole LCS population indication-                         Screening (LD LCS) Option
                               small, medium, and large patient groups)           (LCS medium and large patient groups indication)
                      Laser alignment lights: gantry bore external lasers. <0.1mW    Laser alignment lights: gantry bore external lasers. <0.1mW
                       per laser beam                                             per laser beam

                     Three lead ECG trigger module, powered by medical grade    Three lead ECG trigger module, powered by medical grade
                     power supply through the system PDU                    power supply through the system PDU

Software               Provided with software in three domains:                     Provided with software in three domains:                Same
                        •   Console software                                        •   Console software
                        •   Image reconstruction software                            •   Image reconstruction software
                        •   Embedded software                                      •   Embedded software
Max Rotation speed    250 RPM (0.24 sec per rotation)                         250 RPM (0.24 sec per rotation)                     Same

Min scan time          0.16 sec (partial), 0.24 sec (full scan) – FOV up to 250mm     0.16 sec (partial), 0.24 sec (full scan) – FOV up to 250mm
                                                                                                        Same                       0.24 sec (full scan) – HR imaging at FOV above 250mm for    0.24 sec (full scan) – HR imaging at FOV above 250mm for
                      asymmetric detector                                      asymmetric detector

Max axial coverage in  140mm (280 slices x 0.5mm pitch)                   140mm (280 slices x 0.5mm pitch)                                                                                                        Same
a single axial scan
Field of View (FOV)    25cm - 250mm at high resolution                      25cm - 250mm at high resolution

               WFOV - High resolution images at configurable FOV       WFOV - High resolution images at configurable FOV
                     between 250mm and 450mm                            between 250mm and 450mm                       Same
                EFOV – Lower resolution in the FOV between HR coverage   EFOV – Lower resolution in the FOV between HR coverage
                    and 450mm                                                                       and 450mm

Max spatial resolution   17.5 lp/cm cutoff at center                                  17.5 lp/cm cutoff at center

                       10.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV        10.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV
                  250mm) covered by HR detectors                      250mm) covered by HR detectors                    Same
                        7.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV          7.0 lp/cm cutoff at radius above 125mm (outside FOV
                  250mm) covered by LR detectors                      250mm) covered by LR detectors
Bore size             60 cm                                              60 cm                                       Same
Max Patient weight     227 Kg (500 lbs)                                     227 Kg (500 lbs)                                Same

Proposed devices –                                Primary Predicate devices –                      Discussion
                  Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening (LD LCS) Option      The Cleared Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo
                                  for the SpotLight / SpotLight Duo System          (K241200) CT X-ray System with Low Dose Lung Cancer
                              (Whole LCS population indication-                         Screening (LD LCS) Option
                               small, medium, and large patient groups)           (LCS medium and large patient groups indication)
Add on parts and       Operator console table                                     Operator console table                            Same
accessories
                  NG2000 Table slickers                             NG2000 Table slickers

                      Bar code reader                                         Bar code reader

                          Uninterruptible Power Supply                                   Uninterruptible Power Supply

                  Head& hands and knees support                      Head& hands and knees support

IX. NON-CLINICAL TESTING / CLINICAL TESTING SUMMARY

No additional non-clinical testing is required for the inclusion of small patient protocols to the
Low Dose (LD) CT Lung Cancer Screening (LCS) option for the Spotlight and Spotlight Duo
CT systems. The bench testing that supported the clearance of K241200 has demonstrated
adequate performance across all LD LCS protocols, including the low-dose range (<2.8
mGy) used to acquire images on small patients. The lowest dose protocol (<2.8 mGy) tested
on phantoms, maintained image quality and nodule detectability.

To extend the SpotLight LD LCS indications to small patients, additional clinical testing supporting
data was evaluated under the same clinical protocol of the cleared K241200.
The large and medium patient size groups (>70 kg), as defined by AAPM, included in the cleared
K241200 clinical assessment, were identified as the ‘worst-case’ scenario for performance
evaluation. This designation was based on increased X-ray attenuation with an expected
reduction in image quality for larger patients, and the predominance of larger patients within the
LD LCS-eligible population distribution.

To confirm that small patient LCS group images (50-70kg, <2.8 mGy) are clinically acceptable for
use, a clinical image quality assessment was performed by two U.S. board-certified radiologists.
The data evaluated were collected from 3 U.S sites and included Low-Dose lung screening exams
scanned with Arineta’s SpotLight / SpotLight Duo systems. The clinical testing sample size
included data from 10 additional small patient exams, aligning with the patient distribution in the
cleared K241200, which comprised 7 medium and 7 large-size patient cases. Including these
additional small patient evaluations, supplemented with the 14 larger patient datasets from
K241200, provides a comprehensive assessment across the LCS-eligible patient population,
encompassing small, medium, and large patient sizes.

The results show that all 10 cases, representing small patient sizes per AAPM, were evaluated as
diagnostic for the indications for use. Moreover, the readers reported various pathologies,
including very small nodules (2mm), therefore, the images enable the detection of findings
relevant to LD LCS.
Based on the image assessment, it can be concluded that LCS using small patient Low-Dose
protocols (50-70kg, <2.8 mGy) on the SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo systems generates sufficient
diagnostic-quality images.

The clinical image evaluation resulted in the expected detectability of the proposed SpotLight /
SpotLight Duo with LD LCS option for small patient protocols, without raising any new safety
and/or effectiveness concerns compared to the current medium and large patient protocols LD
LCS predicate device.


 X. CONCLUSIONS

The additional clinical performance data for small patients and the extensive bench testing
(covered in K241200 for all protocols) support the safe and effective use of the device for the
complete LD LCS-eligible intended patient population.

Based on the indications for use and technological characteristics comparisons, the
SpotLight/ SpotLight Duo with LD LCS option for small patients is as safe and effective as the
predicate device with LD LCS option for medium and large patients. Thus, the proposed
SpotLight / SpotLight Duo with the whole Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Option is
substantially equivalent to the predicate cleared Arineta’s CT systems.