May 20, 2025

FUJIFILM Corporation
℅ Chaitrali Kulkarni
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Fujifilm Healthcare Americas Corporation
81 Hartwell Ave. Suite 300
LEXINGTON, MA 02421


Re: K250370
    Trade/Device Name: SCENARIA View Phase 5.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: May 7, 2025
    Received: May 7, 2025


Dear Chaitrali Kulkarni:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250370 - Chaitrali Kulkarni                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250370 - Chaitrali Kulkarni                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
            Lu Jiang


                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
Indications for Use (Describe)
The SCENARIA View system is indicated to acquire axial volumes of the whole body including the
head. Images can be acquired in axial, helical, or dynamic modes. The SCENARIA View system can
also be used for interventional needle guidance. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View
system can be post-processed in the SCENARIA View system to provide additional information.
Post-processing capabilities of the SCENARIA View software include, multi-planar reconstruction
(MPR), and volume rendering. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View system can be
transferred to external devices via a DICOM standard interface. The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer
Screening Option for the SCENARIA View system is indicated for using low dose CT for lung cancer
screening. The screening must be conducted with the established program criteria and protocols
that have been approved and published by a governmental body, a professional medical society,
and/or FUJIFILM Corporation.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
4} Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K250370
510(k) Summary
Contact Details
 Applicant Name              FUJIFILM Corporation
 Applicant Address              26-30, Nishiazabu 2-chome, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-8620, JAPAN
 Applicant Contact Telephone    (704)-517-4886
 Applicant Contact                 Chaitrali Kulkarni, Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
 Applicant Contact Email         hcusregulatoryaffairs@fujifilm.com
 Applicant Date                 February 5, 2025

Subject Device Name
 Device Trade Name         SCENARIA View Phase 5.0
Common Name             Computed tomography x-ray system
 Classification Name          Computed tomography x-ray system
 Regulation Number            892.1750
 Product Code              JAK

Predicate Device Name
 Predicate Device Trade Name  SCENARIA View 4.2
 510(k) Number              K231574
Common Name             Computed tomography x-ray system
 Classification Name          Computed tomography x-ray system
 Regulation Number            892.1750
 Product Code              JAK


Device Description Summary
The subject device SCENARIA View is a multi-slice CT system consists of a gantry, operator’s
workstation, patient table, high-frequency X-ray generator, and accessories. The system
performance is similar to the predicate device.
The SCENARIA View system uses 128-slice CT technology, where the X-ray tube and detector
assemblies are mounted on a frame that rotates continuously around the patient using slip ring
technology. The solid-state detector assembly design collects up to 64 slices of data simultaneously.
The X-ray sub-system features a high frequency generator, X-ray tube, and collimation system that
produces a fan beam X-ray output. The system can operate in a helical (spiral) scan mode where the
patient table moves during scanning. As the X-ray tube/detector assembly rotates around the patient,
data is collected at multiple angles.
The collected data is then reconstructed into cross-sectional images by a high-speed reconstruction
sub-system. The images are displayed on a Computer Workstation, stored, printed, and archived as
required. The workstation is based on current PC technology using the Windows™ operating system.


                                                                P a g e  | 1 of 7

Compared to the predicate device referenced within this submission, the subject devices support the
following modifications:
1) New features
    - AutoPose is an AI-based function that recognizes a specific body part in an image of localization
    scan and then automatically sets the scan range and the image reconstruction range.
    - RemoteRecon is a function of setting image reconstruction parameters that runs on the external
    personal computer (hereinafter referred to as “PC”) connected to the CT system.
2) Modified features
    - The maximum load capacity of patient table type has been increased from 250kg to 300 kg.
    - Motion corrected reconstruction is an image reconstruction feature that reduces motion artifacts.
  The feature has been modified to include applicability for chest examinations, which is a nongated scan.
    - AutoPositioning is a feature that assist in positioning the patient by camera images. The feature
  has been modified to include additional 12 body parts (Head and Neck, Neck, C-spine, Heart,
  Chest-Abdomen, Chest-Upper Abdomen, Abdomen-Pelvis, Abdomen, Pelvis, T-spine, L-spine, TL-spine), in addition to the 2 body parts (Head, Chest) of the predicate device, with scanogram
   ranges displayed according to the selected protocol.

Intended Use/Indications for Use
The SCENARIA View system is indicated to acquire axial volumes of the whole body including the
head. Images can be acquired in axial, helical, or dynamic modes. The SCENARIA View system can
also be used for interventional needle guidance. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View
system can be post-processed in the SCENARIA View system to provide additional information.
Post-processing capabilities of the SCENARIA View software include multi-planar reconstruction
(MPR), and volume rendering. Volume datasets acquired by a SCENARIA View system can be
transferred to external devices via a DICOM standard interface.
The Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening Option for the SCENARIA View system is indicated for
using low dose CT for lung cancer screening. The screening must be conducted with the established
program criteria and protocols that have been approved and published by a governmental body, a
professional medical society, and/or FUJIFILM Corporation.
The SCENARIA View system is intended for general populations.

Indications for Use Comparison
No difference in indications for use.


                                                                P a g e  | 2 of 7

Substantial Equivalence
A summary decision is based on a thorough analysis and comparison of the functions, scientific
concepts, physical and performance characteristics, performance comparison and technological
characteristics.
 Systems          Subject Device                   Predicate Device                    Discussion of Difference
              SCENARIA View Phase 5.0     SCENARIA View 4.2 (K231574)
 Gantry           There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Detector         There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 X-ray Tube       There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 X-ray Generator   There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Patient Table     Types of maximum load capacity:  Types of maximum load capacity:      Different specifications do not
                  250kg, 300kg                  250kg                                  constitute a new intended use.
                                                                                There are no significant
                                                                              changes in technological
                                                                                                     characteristics. For safety, this
                                                                                         item is controlled and tested
                                                                                       according to same regulations
                                                                                        and/or standards as the
                                                                                            predicate device.
 Operator’s        There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 console
 Scanning         There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Reconstruction    There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Performance      There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Dose Controls    There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Dose Display     There are no differences between the two systems.                               --
 Features
 There are the following differences between the two systems.
 AutoPose        Yes                                            --                              Note 1
 RemoteRecon    Yes                                            --                              Note 2
 Motion corrected  Supported body parts:             Supported body part:              Note 3
 reconstruction     Heart (Cardio Still Shot),            Heart (Cardio Still Shot)
                 Chest (Body Still Shot)
 AutoPositioning   Supported body parts:             Supported body parts:             Note 4
                 Head, Chest, Head and Neck,      Head, Chest
                  Neck, C-spine, Heart, ChestAbdomen, Chest-Upper Abdomen,
                  Abdomen-Pelvis, Abdomen, Pelvis,
                    T-spine, L-spine, T-L-spine
Note 1:
AutoPose is an AI-based function that recognizes a specific body part in an image of scanogram and
then automatically sets the scan range and the range from which an image is to be created. The
difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended use. There are
no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is controlled and tested
according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.
Note 2:
The existing image reconstruction parameters are set on an external PC, and the execution of image
reconstruction is requested to the CT system. The image reconstruction process is not changed. The
difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended use. There are
no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is controlled and tested

                                                                P a g e  | 3 of 7

according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.
Note 3:
As one of the motion correction reconstruction features, body still shot for chest examination has
been added. Body still shot is an image reconstruction feature that reduces motion artifacts. The
basic algorithm of motion correction reconstruction has not changed, and the support part has been
expanded. The difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended
use. There are no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is
controlled and tested according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.
Note 4:
The basic algorithm of AutoPositioning has not been changed and carry out the necessary
verifications (intended use, functionality, safety) and increase the number of support parts. The
difference in the above features and specifications do not constitute a new intended use. There are
no significant changes in technological characteristics. For safety, this item is controlled and tested
according to same regulations and/or standards as the predicate device.

Therefore, based on a thorough analysis and comparison of the functions, scientific concepts,
physical and performance characteristics, performance comparison and technological
characteristics, the proposed subject device is considered substantially equivalent to the currently
marketed predicate device in terms of design features, fundamental scientific technology, indications
for use, and safety and effectiveness.


                                                                P a g e  | 4 of 7

Non-Clinical Tests Summary
21 CFR 1020.33(c)(g)
We generated bench data based on IEC61223-3-5.
We confirmed that the following items which we tested met the conditions of 21 CFR 1020.33(c) and
(g): Spatial Resolution, Noise, Mean CT number and Uniformity, and Tomographic Section
Thickness.
There are no changes in the following performance issues: Dose Profile, Sensitivity Profile,
Tomographic Plane Location, and CT dose index.
This shows that the subject device has equivalent basic performance as the predicate device.

In addition, the subject device is in conformance with the applicable parts of the following standards:
  ANSI AAMI ES60601-1:2005/(R)2012 & A1:2012 C1:2009/(R)2012 & A2:2010/(R)2012 (Cons.
    Text) [Incl. AMD2:2021]
    Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General requirements for basic safety and essential
    performance (IEC 60601-1:2005, MOD)
  IEC 60601-1-2 Edition 4.1
    Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety and essential
    performance - Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility - Requirements and tests
  IEC 60601-1-3 Edition 2.2
    Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-3: General requirements for basic safety and essential
    performance - Collateral Standard: Radiation protection in diagnostic X-ray equipment
  IEC 60601-2-44 Edition 3.2
    Medical electrical equipment Part 2-44: particular requirements for the basic safety and essential
    performance of x-ray equipment for computed tomography.
  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1
    Medical device software - Software life cycle processes
  NEMA XR 25 Computed Tomography Dose Check

In addition, we performed the following bench tests.
300 kg load capacity patient table
Regarding the increase in load to 300 kg, we conducted standard tests for IEC60601-1 and IEC
60601-2-44, such as stop processing and dynamic loading, and confirmed that they conformed to the
standards.

AutoPositioning
Methods
Compare the number of steps in the procedure for moving the patient on the patient table from the
lowest position to the scanogram start position to see if the number of steps in the procedure can be
reduced by comparing the conventional manual operation with the AutoPositioning operation.
Results
AutoPositioning improves workflow because it reduces the number of steps in the procedure and
allows the patient to be moved to the scanogram start position with a single operation.
AutoPositioning is the process for setting up the scanogram, and does not involve diagnostic imaging
or diagnostic evaluation, so non-clinical bench testing is appropriate. This testing included evaluation
of workflow improvements due to reduced steps identification. All tests met predefined objectives.
Also, AutoPositioning can be fully tested on the engineering bench thus no additional clinical testing
was required.

                                                                P a g e  | 5 of 7

RemoteRecon
Methods
RemoteRecon function was tested to ensure it operates correctly by configuring conditions related to
RemoteRecon and performing operations.
Results
It was confirmed that the RemoteRecon function (which includes setting existing image
reconstruction parameters on an external PC and requesting the execution of image reconstruction
on the CT system from the external PC) operates correctly under the configured conditions and
performed operations.

AutoPose
Methods
AutoPose function was tested to ensure it operates correctly by configuring conditions related to
AutoPose and performing operations.
Results
It was confirmed that the AutoPose function (which includes automatically setting the scan range and
the image reconstruction range) operates correctly under the configured conditions and performed
automatically setting.

Body Still Shot
Methods
Body Still Shot function was tested to ensure it operates correctly by configuring conditions related to
Body Still Shot and performing image reconstruction.
Results
It was confirmed that the Body Still Shot function (which includes setting image reconstruction
parameters and reconstructing images) operates correctly under the configured conditions and
performed image reconstruction.


Clinical Tests Summary
AutoPose
Methods
Perform AutoPose performance test for each region. In the performance test, it is evaluated that the
AutoPose function reduces the number of steps compared to the conventional manual operation.
The performance test of AutoPose of Head (OM, SM, RB), Neck, Chest, Heart, Abdomen, AbdomenPelvis, Chest-Abdomen, Chest-Upper Abdomen, C-Spine, T-Spine, L-Spine, and T-L-Spine were
performed by certified radiological technologists. The information about the data in the tests is shown
below.


                                                                P a g e  | 6 of 7

Region                Head       Neck      Chest       Heart
         Number of cases           50         50        52         54
            Collection site                             Clinical sites in the USA

          Region                   Abdomen            Abdomen-Pelvis
         Number of cases                52                    52
            Collection site                             Clinical sites in the USA

                                                              Chest-Upper          Region                  Chest-Abdomen                                                     Abdomen
         Number of cases                           50
            Collection site                             Clinical sites in the USA

                                                     T-           L-          T-L-          Region                  C-Spine                                                Spine      Spine       Spine
         Number of cases           50         50        50         24
            Collection site                             Clinical sites in the USA

Results
As the evaluation result, it was evaluated all the cases of AutoPose were able to reduce the number
of steps compared with manual scan range setting. In addition, even if the scan range set by
AutoPose is not set to the expected position, the maximum number of steps to be manually adjusted
is the same with manual scan range setting. So, the AutoPose function is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device.
However, AutoPose has not been evaluated in pediatric patients, and therefore, it is not intended for
use in pediatric patients.

Body Still Shot
Methods
To evaluate the image quality of the reconstruction techniques, the images reconstructed by
SCENARIA View system with and without the Body Still Shot were reviewed by Japanese M.D.
Results
Based on the review results, the function of Body Still Shot was evaluated to be able to obtain
images of sufficient quality.


Conclusions
FUJIFILM believes that, based on the information included in the submission, the subject device
SCENARIA View Phase 5.0 is substantially equivalent with respect to hardware, base elements of
the software, safety, effectiveness, and functionality to the predicate device SCENARIA View 4.2
(K231574).


                                                                P a g e  | 7 of 7