September 4, 2025

Mvision AI Oy
Kalpana Jha
VP of Regulatory and Market Strategy
Paciuksenkatu 29
6th Floor
Helsinki, 00270
Finland

Re: K250064
    Trade/Device Name: Dose+
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: January 10, 2025
    Received: August 6, 2025

Dear Kalpana Jha:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250064 - Kalpana Jha                                                               Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250064 - Kalpana Jha                                                               Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250064                                                           I
Device Name
 Dose+  (1.0)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Dose+ is a software-only medical device intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy
 professionals (including but not limited to medical physicists, radiation oncologists, and medical
 dosimetrists). The device is intended for male patients with localized prostate cancer or prostate
 cancer with pelvic lymph node involvement who are undergoing external beam radiation therapy
 treatment. The software uses machine learning-based algorithms to automatically produce 3D dose
 distributions from patient-specific anatomical geometry and target dose prescription.

 The predicted dose distribution output is required to be transferred to a radiotherapy treatment
 planning system (TPS) or reviewed by any DICOM-RT compliant software prior to further use in
 clinical workflows. Dose+ is intended to provide additional information during the treatment planning
 process facilitating the creation and review of a treatment plan.

 Dose+ is not intended to be used for disease diagnosis and treatment decision purposes in clinical
 workflows
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary – Dose+                   K250064

510(k) Summary

The following information is provided as required by 21 CFR 807.92

Date Prepared: January 10, 2025

Submitter's Information

                                       MVision AI Oy
                                        Paciuksenkatu 29, 6th floor
Company Name and Address            00270 Helsinki, Finland
                                                   Tel: +358 040 5489229
                                         Website: www.mvision.ai

Contact Person                        Kalpana Jha
                              VP of Regulatory and Market Strategy
                                         kalpana.jha@mvision.ai
                                                   Tel: +358 44 9214 354

Establishment Registration Number       3022745617

Subject Device

Device Trade Name                 Dose+

Device Classification Name              System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment

Product Code                    MUJ

                                        Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
Regulation
                                         (21 CFR 892.5050)

Device Class                           Class II

Review Panel                           Radiology

Predicate Device

Device Name                      Oncospace

510(k) Number                       K222803

Manufacturer                          Oncospace, Inc.


This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 1/7

510(k) Summary – Dose+


Device Description

Dose+ is a software-only medical device that assists radiation oncologists, medical dosimetrists
and medical physicists during external beam radiotherapy treatment planning. The software
utilizes pre-trained machine learning models that are not modifiable or editable by the end-user.
The product provides information during the radiotherapy plan creation but does not replace a
treatment planning system (TPS).

The central value proposition of Dose+ is to provide personalized organ-at-risk (OAR) dose
optimization  goals  based on  individual  patient anatomy,  rather  than  relying  solely on
population-based  protocol  templates. The  software  analyzes  patient-specific  anatomical
geometry to determine achievable dose levels for each OAR relative to target volumes. This
helps to ensure:

    ●  Initial optimization objectives are more achievable, reducing the number of iterations
      needed during plan optimization
    ●  Opportunities for further OAR dose reduction are not missed when standard fixed
       templates suggest a higher dose
    ●  Inappropriately aggressive goals for one OAR do not compromise target coverage or
      dose reduction to other OARs

The device operates in two deployment modes:

    ● Cloud-based service with secure HTTPS data transfer
    ●  Local installation in healthcare provider's IT network

Key features include:

    ● Automated dose prediction using locked machine learning models
    ●  Generation of DICOM RT Dose objects
    ●  Integration with existing treatment planning workflows
    ●  Support for multiple fractionation schemes
    ●  Compatibility with major treatment planning systems

The first release includes two models for male pelvis patients:

    ●  “Prostate” model: For localized prostate treatments
    ●  “PelvisLN” model: Designed for cancers involving lymph nodes

Intended Use / Indications for Use

Dose+ is a software-only medical device intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy
professionals (including but not limited to medical physicists, radiation oncologists, and medical
dosimetrists). The device is intended for male patients with localized prostate cancer or prostate
cancer with pelvic lymph node involvement who are undergoing external beam radiation therapy
treatment. The software uses machine learning-based algorithms to automatically produce 3D
dose distributions from patient-specific anatomical geometry and target dose prescription.


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 2/7

510(k) Summary – Dose+


The predicted dose distribution output is required to be transferred to a radiotherapy treatment
planning system (TPS) or reviewed by any DICOM-RT compliant software prior to further use in
clinical workflows. Dose+  is intended to provide additional information during the treatment
planning process facilitating the creation and review of a treatment plan.

Dose+ is not intended to be used for disease diagnosis and treatment decision purposes in
clinical workflows.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The  following  table summarizes the  similarities and differences between Dose+ and the
predicate device that support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Device                Subject Device (Dose+)           Predicate Device       Comparison
 Characteristic                                       (Oncospace, K222803)

 Product Code        MUJ                     MUJ               Same

Device Classification    System, Planning, Radiation        System, Planning,      Same
                      Therapy Treatment                 Radiation Therapy
                                                        Treatment

 Intended Use /        Dose+ is a software-only medical   Oncospace is used to     Both devices provide
 Indication for Use        device intended for use by qualified, configure and review      dosimetric guidance for
                           trained radiation therapy            radiotherapy treatment    external beam
                          professionals (including but not      plans for a patient with    radiotherapy treatment
                            limited to medical physicists,        malignant or benign       planning.
                           radiation oncologists, and medical   disease in the prostate,
                          dosimetrists).The device is intended head, and neck regions.
                              for male patients with localized          It allows for the set up of
                          prostate cancer or prostate cancer   radiotherapy treatment
                          with pelvic lymph node involvement  protocols, association of
                   who are undergoing external beam  a potential treatment plan
                           radiation therapy treatment. The     with the protocol(s),
                         software uses machine             submission of a dose
                         learning-based algorithms to         prescription and
                          automatically produce 3D dose      achievable dosimetric
                            distributions from patient-specific    goals to a treatment
                        anatomical geometry and target     planning system, and
                      dose prescription.                  review of the treatment
                                                                 plan. It is intended for use
                    The predicted dose distribution
                                                     by qualified, trained
                         output is required to be transferred
                                                                  radiation therapy
                            to a radiotherapy treatment
                                                              professionals (such as
                         planning system (TPS) or reviewed
                                                         medical physicists,
                      by any DICOM-RT compliant
                                                                oncologists, and
                         software prior to further use in
                                                                  dosimetrists). This device
                               clinical workflows. Dose+ is
                                                                              is for prescription use by
                        intended to provide additional
                                                            order of a physician.
                          information during the treatment
                         planning process facilitating the
                          creation and review of a treatment
                           plan.


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 3/7

510(k) Summary – Dose+


Device                Subject Device (Dose+)           Predicate Device       Comparison
 Characteristic                                       (Oncospace, K222803)

                    Dose+ is not intended to be used
                              for disease diagnosis and treatment
                         decision purposes in clinical
                         workflows.

 Typical Users            Radiation therapy professionals,     Radiation therapy      Same
                           including medical physicists,         professionals, including
                           oncologists, and dosimetrists       medical physicists,
                                                                oncologists, and
                                                               dosimetrists

 Patient Population       Patients with malignant or benign    Patients with malignant or The subject device is not
                        disease in the prostate undergoing  benign disease in the      indicated for head and
                          external beam radiation therapy      prostate, head, and neck  neck treatments
                                                            regions undergoing
                                                               external beam radiation
                                                           therapy

 Platform                 Client-Server Architecture           Client-Server Architecture Same architecture;
                           (Clinic-provided client machines or   (Clinic-provided client      Different only in the
                        cloud servers controlled by the     machines or cloud        operating system of the
                        manufacturer)                  Windows servers         cloud servers
                                                                 controlled by the
                                                           manufacturer)

 Operating System (OS)  Windows Client,                 Windows (Client and       Different only in the OS of
                        Linux Server                       Server)                   the cloud servers

DICOM-RT Compliant   Yes                           Yes                Same

 Full Treatment Planning No                        No                Same
System

Connected to or       No                        No                Same
 Controlling of Radiation
 Delivery Devices

 Input Data          A patient’s CT images, RT Structure A patient’s CT images,   Same patient-specific
                         sets and target dose prescription in RT Structure sets and     data. Input explicitly
                    ROI names                           target dose in treatment   provided to Dose+, while
                                                              protocols or user          the predicate device
                                                                specified                  requires user input or the
                                                                                          creation of protocol
                                                                                       templates.

 Processing and Device  Processes input using locked       Processes treatment plan Same processing
Output                machine learning (ML) models      data using locked        fundamentals but
                           trained on patient-specific         machine learning (ML)     different ML models
                        anatomical geometry to generate    models trained on        (complete 3D dose
                         the predicted 3D dose distribution    patient-specific            prediction vs. dosimetric
                                                          anatomical geometry to    objectives prediction for
                                                                  predict achievable       OARs).
                                                              dosimetric goals/
                                                               objectives for OARs


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 4/7

510(k) Summary – Dose+


Device                Subject Device (Dose+)           Predicate Device       Comparison
 Characteristic                                       (Oncospace, K222803)

Output Format          Exports DICOM RT Dose objects    Exports dosimetric goals/  Different output formats
                          with complete 3D dose distribution   objectives in different      but both devices provide
                            that may be reviewed using a        specific formats for        dosimetric information to
                             third-party DICOM-RT compliant     review in a treatment      assist with plan
                         software or that may be directly      planning system (TPS)    optimization during
                           transferred to a radiotherapy          prior to further use in      treatment planning.
                         treatment planning system (TPS)     clinical workflows
                              for review prior to further use in
                               clinical workflows

Plan Review          Does not include treatment plan     Contains integrated        Different.
 Functionality            review features.                     features and GUI for     Dose+ relies on existing
                                                            treatment plan review,      third party TPS review
                                                                including DVH              functionality.
                                                                   visualization

Performance Data

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided
as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”

In addition to software verification testing, the following performance verification and validation
data was submitted in support of substantial equivalence determination.

Device Dataset were partitioned into three non-overlapping sets (in terms of patients): Model
Development  (with  internal  splits  for  training,  validation, and  testing  during  the model
development), Performance Verification (independent, in-house assessment of final models),
and Clinical Validation (U.S.-focused validation in US clinics).

Samples in all the datasets are collected from distinct and individual patients, hence the number
of cases are the same as the number of patients.

Both Model Development Dataset and Performance Verification Dataset included multiple CT
scanner models and manufacturers (including GE Medical Systems, Philips and Canon Medical
Systems/Toshiba). In addition, the validation datasets from the US included demographic
diversity with balanced ethnic representation,  particularly including Caucasian and African
American populations. This demographic and technological diversity in the dataset helped to
ensure Dose+ models perform consistently across diverse patient populations and various
imaging equipment configurations commonly encountered in clinical practice.

Performance Verification

Performance  verification was conducted  using an  independent  dataset  to demonstrate
non-inferiority in OAR mean dose predictions and target coverage against manual planning.
This test dataset includes cases from multiple US institutions to ensure representation of the US
population and medical practice.


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 5/7

510(k) Summary – Dose+


The Performance Verification Dataset is completely separate and independent from the Model
Development Dataset, with NO overlapping patients between these datasets.Dataset also aims
to have minimal overlap of sources/clinics between the model development and performance
verification dataset. This strict separation ensures unbiased evaluation of model performance.
Verification Dataset

   ● Prostate Model: Verification Dataset is 100% US dataset, and includes (25/25) cases
       from 7 U.S. institutions across 6 US states

   ● PelvisLN Model: Verification Dataset is 96.3% US dataset, and includes (26/27) from 6
        institutions from 6 US states

Key verification metrics included:

    ● OAR Mean Dose Difference (acceptance criterion: ≤10 Gy)
    ●  Target coverage metrics (homogeneity and conformity indices)

Results demonstrated that both prostate and pelvisLN models of Dose+ met all predefined
acceptance  criteria  for OAR mean doses and  target coverage  metrics, showing strong
correlation between predicted and ground truth dose distributions.

Performance Validation

Clinical validation was conducted at 4 geographically diverse US institutions across 3 states
with qualified radiation therapy professionals on 100% US dataset. The device was validated on
patients aged 60 years and older. Demographic representativeness in the validation dataset
closely matches the US national median age of 67 years at prostate cancer diagnosis reported
in the NCI SEER database (mean age 65.0±6.7 years for the prostate model and 66.9±7.7
years for the pelvisLN model).

The validation study tested:

    ●  Non-inferiority in plan quality (both OAR sparing and target coverage) compared to
       conventional planning
    ●  Reduction in optimization iterations when using Dose+ compared to conventional planning
    ● User acceptance and workflow integration

Study design:

    ●  Prospective patient enrollment
    ●  Within-subject comparison (with/without Dose+ assistance)
    ● Independent validators (ABR-certified medical physicists)
    ● Sample size determined through statistical power analysis

Success criteria:

    ●  Statistically significant reduction in optimization iterations (≥20% mean reduction)
    ●  Non-inferior OAR mean doses (≤10 Gy difference)


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 6/7

510(k) Summary – Dose+


    ●  Non-inferior target coverage (no statistically significant differences)
    ●  Positive user acceptance from validators
    ● No identified safety issues

The study results demonstrated that both prostate and pelvisLN models of Dose+ met all
predetermined success criteria. Importantly, no safety hazards were identified during validation
testing. The majority of validators indicated willingness to use the system clinically and reported
potential time savings in treatment planning.

Conclusion

The subject device Dose+ has the same intended use and similar technological characteristics
as the predicate device. The differences in technological characteristics do not raise new
questions of safety or effectiveness as demonstrated through software system design, risk
management and  testing.  Software system  verification  testing,  non-clinical performance
verification, and clinical performance validation confirm that Dose+ meets design specifications
and user needs. Moreover, like the predicate device, Dose+ produces results that are equivalent
to conventional treatment planning  for OAR sparing and target coverage while reducing
optimization iterations. The conclusions drawn from non-clinical and clinical testing demonstrate
that Dose+ is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate
device for the stated indications for use.


 MVD-1.0-FDAS-1.0                                                                 Page 7/7