November 14, 2025


Pearl Inc.
℅ Ashley Brown
Director of Regulatory Affairs
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
BEVERLY HILLS, CA 90210


Re: K250525
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion® Panoramic
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: February 21, 2025
    Received: October 17, 2025


Dear Ashley Brown:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250525 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250525 - Ashley Brown                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
            Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250525

Device Name
Second Opinion® Panoramic


Indications for Use (Describe)

Second Opinion® Panoramic is a radiological automated image processing software device intended to identify and mark
regions, in panoramic radiographs, in relation to suspected dental findings which include: Caries, Periapical radiolucency,
and Impacted third molars.
It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review panoramic radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 16 years of
age or older as both a concurrent and second reader.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250525


                    510(K) SUMMARY


1.Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
9200 Sunset Blvd
Suite 430
West Hollywood, CA 90069
USA
(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: Ashley Brown; Director of Regulatory Affairs

Date Summary Prepared: Nov. 14th, 2025

2.Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion® Panoramic

3.Common or Usual Name
Medical Image Analyzer

4.Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:     Medical Image Analyzer
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2070, Class II
Product Code:       MYN (Analyzer, Medical Image)

5.Predicate Information
Primary Predicate Device: The primary proposed predicate device for clearance of
Second Opinion® PR is Denti.AI Detect by Denti.AI Technology, Inc., cleared in
(K230144, October 6, 2023), an automated software device classified as a Class II
device pursuant to 21 CFR §892.2070, under product code MYN (Analyzer, Medical
Image).


Denti.AI Detect is a Computer-Assisted Detection (CADe) software device intended to be
used by dental professionals, including dentists and dental specialists, while reading
extraoral and intraoral 2D dental radiographs. The device aims to assist in detecting and
highlighting uncategorized regions of interest (ROIs) within the teeth area, which include
caries and periapical radiolucency, as a second reader.

The Denti.AI Detect device has the same technology (AI software) and intended use as
automated image processing to aid dental professionals in the detection of caries and

periapical radiolucencies in panoramic radiographs.

Secondary Predicate Device: The proposed secondary predicate is the Second Opinion®
device, by Pearl Inc.,  cleared on March 04, 2022 (K210365) and classified as a Class II
Medical Image Analyzer pursuant  to 21 CFR §892.2070, under product code MYN
(Analyzer, Medical Image).

The cleared device is a computer aided detection (CADe) software device, indicated for
use by dental health professionals as an aid in their assessment of bitewing and periapical
radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older, as second reader. The
device utilizes computer vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques,
to identify and mark anatomy & pathology in bitewing and periapical radiographs.

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate as the overall intended use
and nature of the software remains the same. The difference with the subject device is the
addition of detections in panoramic radiographs.

6. Device Description

Second Opinion® PR is a radiological automated image processing software device
intended to identify and mark regions, in panoramic radiographs, in relation to suspected
dental findings which include: caries, periapical radiolucency, and impacted third molars. It
should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm
a diagnosis.

It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review panoramic radiographs of
permanent teeth in patients 16 years of age or older as a concurrent and second reader.

Second Opinion® PR consists of three parts:


●  Application Programing Interface (“API”)
●  Machine Learning Modules (“ML Modules”)
●  Client User Interface (UI) (“Client”)

The processing sequence for an image is as follows:

1. Images are sent for processing via the API
2. The API routes images to the ML modules
3. The ML modules produce detection output
4. The UI renders the detection output


The API serves as a conduit for passing imagery and metadata between the user interface
and the machine learning modules. The API sends imagery to the machine learning
modules for processing and subsequently receives metadata generated by the machine

learning modules which is passed to the interface for rendering.

  Second Opinion® PR uses machine learning to detect regions of interest. Images received
  by the ML modules are processed yielding detections which are represented as metadata.
  The final output is made accessible to the API for the purpose of sending to the UI for
  visualization. Detected regions of interest are displayed as mask overlays atop the original
  radiograph which indicate to the practitioner which regions contain which detected potential
  conditions that may require clinical review. The clinician can toggle over the image to
  highlight a potential condition for viewing.

  7. Indications for Use

  Second Opinion® Panoramic is a radiological automated image processing software device
  intended to identify and mark regions, in panoramic radiographs, in relation to suspected
  dental findings which include: Caries, Periapical radiolucency, and Impacted third molars.

    It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review panoramic radiographs of
  permanent teeth in patients 16 years of age or older as both a concurrent and second
  reader.

 8. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:


  The primary and secondary predicate devices and subject device are similar devices
  in the following ways:

     1) Intended use: All three devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians
          in their detection of anatomical and pathological findings in radiographs of
       permanent teeth.
     2) Technology characteristics: All devices employ computer vision and machine
         learning to output detections, use cloud-based environments to conduct
        processing, and demarcate detections within a user interface with a graphical
         overlay over radiographs.
     3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate device are automated image
        processing software systems, neither pose a direct safety hazard to the
          patient. The primary hazards  for  all devices, subject and predicates, are
         potential false positives and false negatives. In the case of each device, users
        are not meant to rely solely on detection output for clinical decision-making.
     4)  Clinical Performance: Both devices have undergone clinical studies which
        demonstrate statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance.


Table 1: Comparison of Second Opinion® PR with the predicate devices.

Primary Predicate         Secondary Predicate                   Subject Device
                                                   Denti.AI Detect           Second Opinion®                Second Opinion®
                                            K230144                  K210365                   Panoramic
 Manufacturer              Pearl Inc.                  Denti.AI Technology, Inc.                  Pearl Inc.

Classification            892.2070                      892.2070                       892.2070

Product Code          MYN                  MYN                   MYN

  Image                Radiograph                    Radiograph                     Radiograph
 Modality

 Intended Use     Dental CADe to aid with the       Dental CADe to aid with the       Dental CADe to aid in dental
                 detection of regions of interest in   detection of regions of interest in      radiograph review by HCP
                        panoramic             dental radiograph review by HCP
                   radiograph review by HCP
    Full IFU                                                Denti.AI Detect is a        Second Opinion® is a computer                   Second Opinion®
                                                Computer-Assisted Detection    aided detection (“CADe”) software                Panoramic is a radiological
                                         (CADe) software device intended to   to identify and mark regions in                    automated image
                  processing software device     be used by dental professionals,       relation to suspected dental
                   intended to identify and         comprising dentists and dental      findings which include Caries,
               mark regions, in panoramic      specialists, while reading extraoral   Discrepancy at the margin of an
                   radiographs, in relation to          and intraoral 2D dental          existing restoration, Calculus,
                 suspected dental findings                 radiographs.               Periapical radiolucency, Crown
                   which include: Caries,         The device aims to assist in         (metal, including zirconia &
                   Periapical radiolucency, and          detecting and highlighting         non-metal), Filling (metal &
                   Impacted third molars.        uncategorized regions of interest  non-metal), Root canal, Bridge and
                               It is designed to aid dental      (ROIs)within the teeth area, which              Implants.
                     health professionals to           include caries and periapical
                                                                                                                                              It is designed to aid dental health                      review panoramic           radiolucency, as a second reader.
                  radiographs of permanent                                           professionals to review bitewing                                        The device is also intended to aid in
                   teeth in patients 16 years of                                   and periapical radiographs of                                                   the measurements of mesial and
                 age or older as both a                                       permanent teeth in patients 12                                                            distal bone levels associated with
                    concurrent and second                                        years of age or older as a second                                                    each tooth.
                             reader.                                                                 reader.
                                        The device is aimed to be used with
                                             images from the patients of 22
                                                  years age and older without
                                                remaining primary dentition. The
                                                device is not intended to replace a
                                                complete clinician's review or
                                                               clinical judgment that considers
                                                   other relevant information from the
                                               image or patient history.
Intended body              Dental                           Dental                           Dental
     part
 Technology   Automated, CADe software that   Automated, CADe software that    Automated, CADe software that
                         utilizes machine learning            utilizes machine learning             utilizes machine learning

   Device          Detection and display of      Detection and display of anatomy   Detection and display of anatomy
 Description     anatomy and pathologies in     and pathologies in intraoral and      and pathologies in intraoral
                        extraoral radiographs              extraoral radiographs                  radiographs

9.Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices
 The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate devices is the
 automatic detection of anatomical and pathological findings using machine learning.

 The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

       •  All are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
       •  All devices are designed to process digital radiographs.
       •  All devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for
       anatomical and pathological detection.
       •  All devices demarcate detections within the user interface with a graphical overlay
       on the radiograph.
       •  All devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.
       •  All devices are considered to be of basic documentation level.
       •  All devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

The candidate and predicate devices are technologically different as follows:
     •  Second Opinion localizes detections in bitewing and periapical radiographs only
      whereas Denti.AI Detect and Second Opinion® PR localize detections in panoramic
      radiographs as well. In addition, Second Opinion® PR includes the detection of
      impactions whereas the predicates do not.

 10.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness,
 and Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device

 Pearl demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone clinical study and
 fully-crossed MRMC study. The results of the study showed the system is both safe and
  effective for its intended use. When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second
 Opinion® PR are weighed against one another, the weight of benefits significantly
 exceeds that of risks. This judgment can be made based on review of the submitted
 materials showing that Second Opinion® PR meets the design verification and validation
 requirements. It is thus concluded that Second Opinion® PR can be considered safe and
  effective such that the device will aid users in the indicated user population in their
 radiographic review of caries, periapical radiolucencies, and impacted third molars.

 11.  Cybersecurity

 Pearl developed Security controls and processes in accordance with FDA Guidance -
 Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
 Premarket Submissions dated September 2023. These processes are used in both the
 development of Second Opinion® PR and in post-market surveillance to ensure the product
 upholds the highest standards of privacy and security.

12.Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
applicable to this device.


13.Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed

Clinical evaluation of Second Opinion® PR was performed to validate the efficacy of the
system in detecting caries, periapical radiolucencies, and impacted third molars in
panoramic radiographs. Second Opinion® PR was clinically tested as a standalone
device in comparison to the predicate device, Second Opinion, using both a standalone
clinical study and a fully-crossed MRMC study. The test dataset includes a diverse
range of conditions aligned with the device’s intended use, including primary and
secondary caries, as well as cysts, bone loss and caries present within or around an
impaction.

The Weighted Alternative Free-Response Receiver Operating Characteristic (wAFROC)
paradigm was used as the metric of efficacy for the study. The ground truth (GT) was
established using the consensus approach based on agreement among at least three
out of four expert readers. The enriched regionally balanced image set of 795 images
were independently reviewed by four board-certified dentists each with a minimum of
five years practice experience as ground truth readers to establish the location of any
caries, periapical radiolucencies, and impactions for each radiograph in the set using
polygons for PRs and caries, and bounding boxes for impactions. These ground truth
readers were not aware of any outputs from the enrichment process. Each GT reader
independently marked areas on any radiograph wherein they identified a caries,
periapical radiolucency lesion, or impaction. Readers marked detected features using
CVAT, an open-source annotation software tool, allowing them to circumscribe each
detected  caries,  periapical radiolucency  lesion, or impaction  within a polygon or
bounding box respectively.

The GT dataset  for the  clinical evaluation of the Second Opinion® PR system is
characterized by a diverse distribution of radiographs across various geographical
regions, genders, ages, imaging devices, and image types. Geographically, with respect
to the United States, the included dataset of geographic distribution is seen in Table 2
below.

Table 2 Geographic distribution


                         Impacted Teeth        Periapical Radiolucency           Caries
     Region/Geo            N=420                 N=496                 N=511

      Northwest                95                     102                     96

      Northeast                99                     101                     117

South                 73                     93                     95

        West                  60                     88                     89

       Midwest                93                      112                      114

 In terms of gender distribution, the table below describes the gender distribution of
 the ground truth data by dental feature.


 Table 3 Gender distribution
                                                       Periapical Radiolucency          Caries                             Impacted Teeth
                                                   N=496                N=511                              N=420         Gender

         Female                  186                   231                   234

           Male                   191                   226                   225

        Unknown                 43                    39                    52


 In addition, in terms of age, the table below describes the age distribution of the
 ground truth data by dental feature.

Table 4 Age distribution


                             Impacted Teeth        Periapical Radiolucency           Caries
      Age Group
                              N=420                 N=496                 N=511

      >16 - 34 years               178                    157                    208

      35 - 64 years                156                    208                    203

       >= 65 years                 86                     131                    100


 The table below summarizes the image characteristics of the ground truth datasets by
 dental feature.

 Table 6 Summary of Image characteristics


                            Impacted Teeth     Periapical Radiolucency           Caries
                              N=420               N=496                 N=511

   Overall status, n (%)


    Normal                       225 (53.6)              294 (59.3)                 292 (57.1)

    Abnormal                     195 (46.4)              202 (40.7)                 219 (42.9)

  Number of dental features on
  abnormal images

     Total, n                          459                    309                      654

   Mean (SD)                       2.35 (1.1)                 1.53 (1.1)                    2.99 (3.3)

    Median (range)                  2 (1, 4)                1 (1, 11)                   2 (1, 25)

Dental feature size on
  abnormal images (percent of
  image pixels)

   Mean (SD)                       0.83 (0.22)                0.09 (0.1)                   0.06 (0.07)

   Median (range)                  0.8 (0.23, 1.59)            0.05 (0.0, 0.83)               0.03 (0.0, 0.42)

In addition, SOPR was assessed using a meaningful number of cases for each of the
major U.S. panoramic manufacturers, including but not limited to Carestream, Gendex,
Ray, Planmeca, Sirona, and Vatech.

Standalone Testing

The results of this standalone clinical performance study demonstrate that Second
Opinion® Panoramic is both safe and effective for its intended use in aiding dental
professionals in the detection and localization of impacted third molars, periapical
radiolucencies, and caries on panoramic radiographs.

Across all analytic levels—lesion, surface, and image—the device achieved high accuracy,
sensitivity, and localization consistency. Both lesion and image level wAFROC metrics
show diagnostic performance comparable to or exceeding that of published benchmarks
for AI-assisted radiographic analysis. The segmentation and localization metrics (Dice ≥
0.68, Jaccard ≥ 0.62) confirm that the device accurately delineates lesion boundaries, an
important factor for clinical usability and diagnostic confidence.

The standalone evaluation of Second Opinion® Panoramic demonstrated high efficacy in
detecting and localizing dental pathologies across all three target lesion types — impacted
third molars, periapical radiolucency, and caries — when compared with consensus ground
truth established by expert dental radiologists.

The study met the primary efficacy endpoint, with the weighted alternative free-response
receiver operating characteristic (wAFROC) figure of merit (FOM) exceeding the prespecified performance thresholds for all evaluated dental features. Specifically, the device
achieved wAFROC values of 0.9788, 0.8113, and 0.7211 for impacted third molars,
periapical radiolucency, and caries, respectively, surpassing the minimum benchmarks
derived from published clinical literature (0.78, 0.71, and 0.70).

These results were statistically significant (p < 0.0001) and indicate that the device
consistently discriminates true-positive lesion regions while maintaining low false-positive
rates. The high wAFROC values (0.99, 0.91, and 0.90 across features) reinforce the
model’s diagnostic reliability at the image level.

The secondary efficacy measures, including lesion-level sensitivity, false positives per
image (FPPI), and Dice/Jaccard indices, support the robustness of the primary findings.
Second Opinion®

Panoramic achieved lesion-level sensitivities of 99%, 82%, and 77% across the three
features, indicating strong detection ability even for small or low-contrast lesions.

Subgroup analyses by age, gender, geography, and imaging device showed consistent
trends, confirming that model performance generalizes well across demographics and
image acquisition conditions. No significant outliers or bias were observed, suggesting
adequate representation and algorithmic robustness across populations.

In total, these findings confirm that Second Opinion® Panoramic provides clinically
meaningful detection performance that meets or exceeds the expectations for dental CADe
systems in panoramic radiography.

Importantly, subgroup evaluations across age, gender, imaging device type, and
confounding factors demonstrated stability in performance, suggesting broad
generalizability and low bias potential. The test dataset includes a diverse range of
conditions aligned with the device’s intended use, including primary and secondary caries,
as well as cysts, bone loss and caries present within or around an impaction.No subgroup
exhibited statistically significant degradation in efficacy.

In terms of safety, the retrospective, non-patient-contact nature of the study and the
absence of device-related adverse events reaffirm the device’s favorable risk profile. Any
residual risks
(false-positive/false-negative) are mitigated through proper user training and clear labeling
emphasizing that the software serves as an assistive, not autonomous, diagnostic tool.

In conclusion, the results provide substantial evidence of safety and effectiveness,
supporting the use of Second Opinion® Panoramic as an adjunctive diagnostic aid in
routine clinical practice. The device demonstrates a strong benefit-to-risk ratio and aligns
with regulatory expectations for CADe systems intended for dental panoramic radiography.

MRMC Testing

The fully crossed MRMC study successfully demonstrated that use of SOPR significantly
improves reader performance for detection of dental findings in panoramic radiographs.
The primary endpoint was met, with statistically significant increases in wAFROC area
under the curve (at both a lesion level and image level) for all three evaluated dental
features—impacted third molars, periapical radiolucencies, and caries—when readers
were aided by SOPR.

Key findings include:
●  Periapical radiolucency detection showed the most pronounced improvement, with a
   lesion level wAFROC difference of 0.0705 (95% CI: 0.04–0.10; p < 0.00001), image
    level wAFROC difference of 0.0715 (95% CI: 0.07, 0.07; p < 0.00001) and an increase
    in lesion-level sensitivity of 0.2045 (95% CI: 0.17–0.24; p< 0.00001).

●  Caries detection improved with a lesion level wAFROC difference of 0.0306 (95% CI:
   0.00–0.06; p = 0.0195), image level wAFROC difference of 0.0176 (95% CI: 0.02,
    0.02; p < 0.00001) and a lesion-level sensitivity gain of 0.1169 (95% CI: 0.08–0.15).
●  Impacted teeth detection demonstrated a lesion level wAFROC difference of 0.0093
   (95% CI: 0.00–0.02; p = 0.0326), image level wAFROC difference of 0.0715 (95% CI:
    0.07, 0.07; p < 0.00001) and a lesion-level sensitivity gain of 0.0192 (95% CI: 0.01–
    0.03).

At the lesion level, SOPR improved reader sensitivity, wAFROC, and localization
accuracy, particularly for periapical radiolucencies, confirming enhanced lesion detection
precision.

At the surface level, high specificity was maintained (≥0.97) across features,
demonstrating minimal over-marking on normal regions.

At the image level, improvements in wAFROC metrics, coupled with stable FPPI values,
indicate that the device improves reader diagnostic performance without clinically
meaningful increases in false positives.

Across all endpoints, the improvements in detection accuracy were achieved without
statistically significant increases in false positives per image (FPPI) or reductions in
specificity. Localization accuracy, as measured by the Dice coefficient and Jaccard Index,
also improved consistently across all features, confirming that SOPR enhances the
precision with which readers identify the true location of dental findings.

Exploratory subgroup analyses by age, gender, geography, and imaging device
demonstrated no clinically meaningful variability in device performance, suggesting
consistent effectiveness across patient populations and imaging platforms.

In conclusion, the MRMC study supports that the Second Opinion Panoramic Radiographs
(SOPR) system performs safely and  effectively  within  its intended use. The  results
demonstrate statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement in diagnostic
performance compared to unaided reading, without increasing user or patient risk.

These findings, together with the device’s technological equivalence and established
predicate safety  profile, provide strong evidence that no new questions of safety or
effectiveness are raised by the use of SOPR on panoramic radiographs.


14. Comparison to Predicate Clinical Outcomes

Based on the above considerations, Pearl has concluded that Second Opinion® PR is
substantially equivalent to the primary predicate device Denti.AI Detect (K230144) and
secondary predicate Second Opinion® (K120365), as it has similar software,

technological, operating characteristics and intended use. Standalone performance
testing has demonstrated Second Opinion® PR is as safe and effective as the legally
marketed predicate devices and does not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness than the predicate devices.

15. Conclusions
Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion® PR and its predicate
devices, are deemed to have similar intended uses as devices which aid in the
detection of anatomical and pathological findings that can appear in dental radiographic
imagery. Second Opinion® PR’s clinical trial results demonstrate that the device
effectively performs as well as the primary predicate device.
Second Opinion® PR raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended
use and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.