June 20, 2025


THINK Surgical, Inc.
Denise Duchene
Director, Regulatory Affairs
47201 Lakeview Blvd
Fremont, California 94538


Re: K250877
    Trade/Device Name: TMINI Miniature Robotic System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLO
    Dated: March 21, 2025
    Received: March 24, 2025

Dear Denise Duchene:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250877 - Denise Duchene                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250877 - Denise Duchene                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                        Tejen D. Soni -S

                                          For
                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative,
                                                 Repair, and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K250877
Device Name
TMINI Miniature Robotic System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The TMINI® Miniature Robotic System is indicated as a stereotaxic instrumentation system for total
knee replacement (TKA) surgery. It is to assist the surgeon by providing software-defined spatial
boundaries for orientation and reference information to identifiable anatomical structures for the
accurate placement of knee implant components.
The robotic device placement is performed relative to anatomical landmarks as recorded using the
system intraoperatively and based on a surgical plan determined preoperatively using CT based
surgical planning tools.
The targeted population has the same characteristics as the population that is suitable for the
implant(s) compatible with the TMINI® Miniature Robotic System.
The TMINI® Miniature Robotic System is to be used with the following knee replacement system(s)
in accordance with the indications and contraindications:
- Enovis™ EMPOWR Knee System®
- Ortho Development BKS® and BKS TriMax® Knee System
- Total Joint Orthopedics Klassic® Knee System
- United U2™ Knee Total Knee System
- Medacta® GMK® Sphere / SpheriKA Knee Systems
- Zimmer Biomet Anterior & Posterior Referencing Persona® Knee
- b-ONE MOBIO® Total Knee System
- Maxx Orthopedics Freedom® Total & Titan Knee
- LINK® LinkSymphoKnee System
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) | Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
Page 1 of 1.

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                        Traditional 510(k) Submission


                        510(k) SUMMARY - K250877

Applicant Information:
 Owner Name:                    THINK Surgical Inc.
 Address:                         47201 Lakeview Blvd., Fremont, CA94538
 Phone Number:                     860-481-5113
 Fax Number:                        510-249-2396
 Establishment Registration Number:    3000719653
 Contact Person                     Denise Duchene
 Date Prepared:                    7 April 2025
Device Information:
 Device Classification:                 Class II
 Trade Name:                       TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
 Common Name:                      Orthopedic Stereotaxic Instrument
 Regulation Number:                 882.4560
 Product Code:                 OLO

Predicate Device:
The TMINI® Miniature Robotic System is substantially equivalent in intended use,
Indications for Use, design, materials, technology, operational principles and performance
to the predicate, TMINI® Miniature Robotic System, cleared via K243481.

Device Modification:
The purpose of this submission is to introduce modifications to the TMINI® Miniature
Robotic System, which includes data logging updates, report updates to open-source
software, software enhancements to improve tibial registration performance, and
cybersecurity updates. Additional logging has been incorporated into the software logs,
and tibial registration has been optimized to increase the success rate of registration while
maintaining the same level of performance.

Device Description:
The TMINI® Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications) like its predicate, the
TMINI® Miniature Robotic System consists of three primary components: a threedimensional, graphical, Preoperative Planning Workstation (TPLAN® Planning Station)
including THINK Case Manager (TCM) the web-based method for surgeons to review,
approve and download approved surgical plans, an Optical Tracking Navigation Console
(TNav) and a robotically controlled hand-held tool (TMINI Robot) that assists the surgeon
in preparing the bone for implantation of TKA components.

The TPLAN Planning Station uses preoperative CT scans of the operative leg to create 3D
surface models for case templating and intraoperative registration purposes. The Planning
Workstation contains a library of 510(k) cleared knee replacement implant(s) available for


                                K250877, Page 1 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                        Traditional 510(k) Submission

use with the system. The surgeon can select an implant model from this library. The
planner/surgeon can manipulate the 3D representation of the implant in relation to the
bone model to place the implant. The surgeon reviews and approves the case plan using
either TPLAN or the TCM web-based application once the surgeon is satisfied with the
implant selection, location and orientation. The data from the approved plan is written to a
file that is used to guide the robotically controlled hand-held tool.

The hand-held robotic tool is optically tracked relative to optical markers placed in both the
femur and tibia and articulates in two degrees-of-freedom, allowing the user to place bone
pins in a planar manner in both bones. Mechanical guides are clamped to the bone pins,
resulting in subsequent placement of cut slots and drill guide holes such that the distal
femoral and proximal tibial cuts can be made in the pre-planned positions and orientations,
and such that the implant manufacturer’s multi-planer cutting block can be placed relative
to drilled distal femoral pilot holes. If the surgeon needs to change the plan during surgery,
it can be changed intraoperatively using TNav.

Intended Use:

The TMINI Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications) like the predicate TMINI
Miniature Robotic System is intended to assist the surgeon in providing software defined
spatial boundaries for orientation and reference information to anatomical structures
during orthopedic procedures.

Indications for Use:

The Indications for Use of the TMINI® Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications)
and the predicate are the same (See Table 1). Both describe the use of a system that
uses diagnostic imaging of the patient to allow a surgeon to plan and execute orthopedic
total knee procedures. The only difference is that the device, that is the subject of this
510(k) submission, provides updated data logging, reports on updates to open-source
software, improves the pass rate for tibial registration, and provides updates for
cybersecurity.

None of the changes made to the predicate, nor the aggregate of all changes, have
altered the indications for use, nor have they raised new types of safety or effectiveness
questions.

Tables 1 and 2, below identify the substantial equivalence of the TMINI® Miniature Robotic
System (Software Modifications) to the predicate, TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
cleared via K243481.


                                K250877, Page 2 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                     Traditional 510(k) Submission

         Table 1: Comparison of Intended Use and Indications for Use
                      TMINI® Miniature Robotic                                                   TMINI® Miniature Robotic     Product            System (Software                                     Conclusion                                                     System                              Modifications)
510(k) number        Subject Device               K243481
Manufacturer       THINK Surgical, Inc           THINK Surgical, Inc
Product Code      OLO                   OLO                     SAME
Regulation          21 CFR 882.4560              21 CFR 882.4560             SAME

Intended Use         Intended to assist the surgeon    Intended to assist the surgeon     SAME
                           in providing software defined       in providing software defined
                          spatial boundaries for              spatial boundaries for
                         orientation and reference          orientation and reference
                        information to anatomical          information to anatomical
                        structures during orthopedic       structures during orthopedic
                      procedures.                     procedures.

Indications for Use   The TMINI® Miniature Robotic    The TMINI® Miniature Robotic     SAME
                   System is indicated as a        System is indicated as a
                        stereotaxic instrumentation        stereotaxic instrumentation
                    system for total knee            system for total knee
                     replacement (TKA) surgery. It is   replacement (TKA) surgery. It is
                         to assist the surgeon by            to assist the surgeon by
                       providing software-defined        providing software-defined
                          spatial boundaries for              spatial boundaries for
                         orientation and reference          orientation and reference
                        information to identifiable          information to identifiable
                      anatomical structures for the      anatomical structures for the
                      accurate placement of knee       accurate placement of knee
                       implant components.              implant components.

                  The robotic device placement is  The robotic device placement is
                     performed relative to            performed relative to
                      anatomical landmarks as         anatomical landmarks as
                     recorded using the system        recorded using the system
                         intraoperatively and based on a    intraoperatively and based on a
                         surgical plan determined           surgical plan determined
                        preoperatively using CT based    preoperatively using CT based
                         surgical planning tools.            surgical planning tools.

                  The targeted population has the  The targeted population has the
                 same characteristics as the     same characteristics as the
                       population that is suitable for      population that is suitable for
                       the implant(s) compatible with     the implant(s) compatible with
                       the TMINI® Miniature Robotic     the TMINI® Miniature Robotic
                     System.                       System.

                  The TMINI® Miniature Robotic    The TMINI® Miniature Robotic
                   System is to be used with the    System is to be used with the
                        following knee replacement        following knee replacement
                      system(s) in accordance with     system(s) in accordance with
                       the indications and               the indications and
                        contraindications:                  contraindications:
                                -   Enovis™ EMPOWR Knee      -   Enovis™ EMPOWR Knee
                       System®                     System®
                                -   Ortho Development BKS®      -   Ortho Development BKS®
                       and BKS TriMax® Knee         and BKS TriMax® Knee
                       System                      System
                                -    Total Joint Orthopedics          -    Total Joint Orthopedics
                            Klassic® Knee System            Klassic® Knee System


                                  K250877, Page 3 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                        Traditional 510(k) Submission

                       TMINI® Miniature Robotic                                                    TMINI® Miniature Robotic      Product            System (Software                                     Conclusion                                                      System                               Modifications)
                                  -   United U2™ Knee Total         -   United U2™ Knee Total
                       Knee System                Knee System
                                  -   Medacta® GMK® Sphere /      -   Medacta® GMK® Sphere /
                         SpheriKA Knee Systems         SpheriKA Knee Systems
                                  -   Zimmer Biomet Anterior &      -   Zimmer Biomet Anterior &
                              Posterior Referencing             Posterior Referencing
                         Persona® Knee                Persona® Knee
                                  -   b-ONE MOBIO® Total           -   b-ONE MOBIO® Total
                       Knee System                Knee System
                                  -   Maxx Orthopedics                -   Maxx Orthopedics
                        Freedom® Total & Titan         Freedom® Total & Titan
                       Knee                       Knee
                                  -   LINK® LinkSymphoKnee        -   LINK® LinkSymphoKnee
                        System                      System

Substantial Equivalence:
Both the TMINI® Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications), the subject of this
submission, and the predicate device have the same intended use. Both are indicated as a
stereotaxic instrumentation system for total knee replacement (TKA) surgery. It is to assist
the surgeon by providing software-defined spatial boundaries for orientation and reference
information to identifiable anatomical structures for the accurate placement of knee implant
components during orthopedic procedures.

The robotic device placement is performed relative to anatomical landmarks as recorded
using the system intraoperatively and based on a surgical plan determined preoperatively
using CT-based surgical planning tools. The difference between the new device and the
predicate is that the new device provides updated data logging, report on updates to opensource software, improves the pass rate for tibial registration, and provides updates for
cybersecurity. None of these changes, either individually or in the aggregate, alter the
intended use, Indications for Use, design, materials, technology, or operational principles
of the TMINI® Miniature Robotic System and no new questions of safety or effectiveness
resulted from the changes.

The Indications for Use of the TMINI Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications)
and the predicate are the same (See Table 1). Both describe the use of a system that
uses diagnostic imaging of the patient to allow a surgeon to plan and execute orthopedic
total knee procedures. The only difference is that the device subject to this 510(k)
submission provides updated software logs, reports on updates to open-source software,
improves the pass rate for tibial registration, and includes cybersecurity updates.

Testing to verify the function of the subject device was conducted following the same test
methods and acceptance criteria as those used for the predicate device. The testing
demonstrated that the TMINI® Miniature Robotic System met all test criteria and
specifications. Testing is identified in Table 2 below.

Biocompatibility information for patient contacting materials and testing for the TMINI
Miniature Robotic System were presented in predicate device submission K232802. There
are no material changes to any of the direct patient contact components of the TMINI®


                                   K250877, Page 4 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                        Traditional 510(k) Submission

Miniature Robotic System as a result of the software modifications included in this
submission; therefore, no additional biocompatibility testing was required.

Substantial equivalence in technological characteristics and performance of the TMINI®
Miniature Robotic System to the predicate device is outlined in Table-2 below:

                         Table-2: Substantial Equivalence
                         TMINI® Miniature Robotic                                                  TMINI® Miniature Robotic        Product            System (Software                                  Conclusion                                                     System                                 Modifications)
 510(k) number           Subject Device             K243481
 Manufacturer          THINK Surgical Inc.         THINK Surgical Inc.
 Materials
 •   Materials Used      Uses materials with a long    Uses materials with a long      SAME
                               history of use in orthopedic     history of use in orthopedic
                          procedures or provided       procedures or provided
                              biocompatibility data           biocompatibility data
                             consistent with ISO 10993     consistent with ISO 10993
                          requirements                 requirements
 Technological
 Characteristics
 •   Major System         Planning, web-based plan     Planning, web-based plan       SAME
     Components          review, and robot control       review, and robot control
                             software, robotic positioning   software, robotic positioning
                            device, navigation system,     device, navigation system,
                           reusable and disposable      reusable and disposable
                            instrumentation               instrumentation
 •   Patient Imaging     CT images used to create a  CT images used to create a      SAME
                    3D model of the bone for     3D model of the bone for
                              surgical planning               surgical planning
 •   Preoperative       TPLAN three-dimensional    TPLAN three-dimensional       SAME
     planning             preoperative planning        preoperative planning
     workstation          workstation                  workstation
 •   Surgical planning     Technician guided surgical    Technician guided surgical      SAME
     system               planning with surgeon         planning with surgeon
                           review and approval on a      review and approval on a
                          desktop planning station      desktop planning station
 •   Surgical planning     Performed by surgeon on     Performed by surgeon on       SAME
      review, approval,      either the TPLAN Planning     either the TPLAN Planning
     and approved plan    Station or the THINK Case     Station or the THINK Case
      export or download   Manager (TCM)            Manager (TCM)
 •   Bone Marker Arrays   Active markers on femur       Active markers on femur        SAME
       for bone registration  and tibia mounted onto the    and tibia mounted onto the
     and tracking         bones via an attachment      bones via an attachment
                        assembly                  assembly
 •   Surgical Exposure     Similar to traditional surgical   Similar to traditional surgical     SAME
                         exposure                   exposure
 •   Patient/Robot         Preoperatively determined     Preoperatively determined      SAME
      Registration          landmarks are compared to   landmarks are compared to
                              intraoperatively identified       intraoperatively identified
                         landmarks to complete       landmarks to complete
                              patient bone registration       patient bone registration
 •   Camera Tracking     Six camera overhead          Six camera overhead          SAME
     Technology            tracking with a wide-angle     tracking with a wide-angle
                                   field of view                        field of view


                                   K250877, Page 5 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                       Traditional 510(k) Submission

                       TMINI® Miniature Robotic                                                 TMINI® Miniature Robotic       Product            System (Software                                  Conclusion                                                    System                               Modifications)
510(k) number           Subject Device             K243481
Manufacturer          THINK Surgical Inc.         THINK Surgical Inc.
•   Cut guide            Robotic device places bone   Robotic device places bone      SAME
     positioning            pins in the correct plane,       pins in the correct plane,
                         then cut guide or drill block    then cut guide or drill block
                                  is attached to the pins and      is attached to the pins and
                      bone                     bone
•    Intraoperative         Implant position can be fully   Implant position can be fully      SAME
    planning changes     adjusted, allowing deviation    adjusted, allowing deviation
                        from the intended implant     from the intended implant
                            positioning philosophy and     positioning philosophy and
                           implant size                   implant size

•   Bone Preparation    A surgical saw is used to cut  A surgical saw is used to cut     SAME
    Technique            the bone through a cut        the bone through a cut
                         guide                       guide
•    Intraoperative       The tracked bone arrays     The tracked bone arrays        SAME
    Anatomic           and bone registration data    and bone registration data
    Measurements       are used to determine the     are used to determine the
                       knee flexion angle and       knee flexion angle and
                          varus/valgus laxity            varus/valgus laxity
•  Gap Balancing        Displays the maximum        Displays the maximum         SAME
                       space in the medial and      space in the medial and
                               lateral compartments in         lateral compartments in
                            millimeters with the knee in    millimeters with the knee in
                          extension and in flexion       extension and in flexion
                           allowing the surgeon to        allowing the surgeon to
                         perform gap balancing, if      perform gap balancing, if
                          desired                       desired
•  TKA Component      Implants are secured to the    Implants are secured to the      SAME
    Implantation          bone, either with or without    bone, either with or without
    Technique          cement using standard       cement using standard
                            surgical technique provided    surgical technique provided
                       by the implant manufacturer   by the implant manufacturer
•   Compatible Knee        -   Enovis™ EMPOWR         -   Enovis™ EMPOWR        SAME
    Implant Systems        Knee System®             Knee System®
                                     -   Ortho Development®        -   Ortho Development®
                       BKS® and BKS TriMax®     BKS® and BKS TriMax®
                        Knee System              Knee System
                                     -    Total Joint Orthopedics     -    Total Joint Orthopedics
                               Klassic® Knee System         Klassic® Knee System
                                     -   United® U2™ Knee          -   United® U2™ Knee
                          System                   System
                                     -   Medacta® GMK®              -   Medacta® GMK®
                          Sphere / SpheriKA          Sphere / SpheriKA
                        Knee Systems             Knee Systems
                                     -   Zimmer Biomet Anterior    -   Zimmer Biomet Anterior
                     & Posterior Referencing     & Posterior Referencing
                           Persona® Knee             Persona® Knee
                                     -   b-ONE MOBIO® Total       -   b-ONE MOBIO® Total
                        Knee System              Knee System
                                     -   Maxx Orthopedics            -   Maxx Orthopedics
                         Freedom® Total & Titan      Freedom® Total & Titan
                        Knee                    Knee
                                     -   LINK®                            -   LINK®
                         LinkSymphoKnee           LinkSymphoKnee
                          System                   System


                                  K250877, Page 6 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                        Traditional 510(k) Submission

                         TMINI® Miniature Robotic                                                  TMINI® Miniature Robotic        Product            System (Software                                  Conclusion                                                     System                                 Modifications)
 510(k) number           Subject Device             K243481
 Manufacturer          THINK Surgical Inc.         THINK Surgical Inc.
 Performance Testing
  Full System Run                 Passed                   Passed            SAME
 Through Testing
 Cutting Accuracy                                               SAME
 •   Pin & Block                  **Passed                  Passed
     Placement
     Accuracy
 •   Cadaver Lab          Reanalyzed data passed            Passed
      Validation Testing
 •   System Gap                 **Passed                  Passed
     Balance Accuracy
 User Needs Validation             **Passed                  Passed            SAME
 Testing
 Usability Testing                  **Passed                  Passed            SAME
 Software Testing                 Passed                   Passed            SAME
 *Biocompatibility
 Testing
 •    Cytotoxicity                  *Passed                   Passed            SAME
 •    Sensitization                 *Passed                   Passed            SAME
 •   Intracutaneous               *Passed                   Passed            SAME
      Reactivity
 •   Acute Systemic               *Passed                   Passed            SAME
      Toxicity
 •   Pyrogenicity                 *Passed                   Passed            SAME
* There are no material changes to any of the direct patient contact components of the TMINI® Miniature
  Robotic System as a result of software modifications included in this submission; therefore, no additional
  biocompatibility testing was required.
** These tests did not need to be repeated as a result of the changes to the software included in this
  submission.

Risk assessment was performed on the device in accordance with ISO 14971:2019 and
THINK Surgical Risk Management procedures. Each change was assessed separately
and in the aggregate through risk analysis and appropriate performance testing to
evaluate the impact of the change. Risk analysis resulted in the identification of no new
instances of risk, no new clinical hazards, and no new questions of safety or effectiveness
as a result of these changes. Risks have been mitigated to acceptable levels and there is
no change in the overall risk profile of the device compared to the predicate cleared in
K243481.

Conclusion
The TMINI® Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications) is substantially equivalent
to the predicate, TMINI® Miniature Robotic System (K243481), in the following ways:
   •     it has the same intended use,
   •     it has the same Indication for Use,
    •     it has the same technological characteristics and operating principles and
       incorporates the same design and materials.

Testing and risk analysis has demonstrated that the performance and risk profile of the
TMINI® Miniature Robotic System (Software Modifications) is substantially equivalent to


                                   K250877, Page 7 of 8

TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
                                        Traditional 510(k) Submission

that of the predicate device and does not raise any new question of safety and
effectiveness.

THINK Surgical Inc. respectfully submits that this filing contains adequate information and
data to demonstrate the substantial equivalence of the TMINI® Miniature Robotic System
(Software Modifications) to the legally marketed TMINI® Miniature Robotic System cleared
via K243481.


                                   K250877, Page 8 of 8