June 17, 2025

Brainlab AG
Sadwini Suresh
QM Consultant
Olof-Palme-Str. 9
Munich, 81829
Germany

Re: K250440
    Trade/Device Name: RT Elements (4.5); (Elements) Multiple Brain Mets SRS; (Elements) Cranial
                     SRS; (Elements) Spine SRS; (Elements) Cranial SRS w/ Cones; (Elements) RT
                        Planning Platform; (Elements) Dose Review; (Elements) Retreatment Review;
                       Elements Segmentation [Cranial , Basal Ganglia, Head & Neck, Pelvic, Spine,
                        Thoracic & Spine, Extracranial] RT; Elements AI Tumor Segmentation RT;
                       Elements SmartBrush [Angio, Spine] RT; Elements Object Management RT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ, QIH
    Dated: February 14, 2025
    Received: May 19, 2025

Dear Sadwini Suresh:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of

K250440 - Sadwini Suresh                                                           Page 2


Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the

K250440 - Sadwini Suresh                                                           Page 3


Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
RT Elements (4.5);
(Elements) Multiple Brain Mets SRS;
(Elements) Cranial SRS;
(Elements) Spine SRS;
(Elements) Cranial SRS w/ Cones;
(Elements) RT Planning Platform;
(Elements) Dose Review;
(Elements) Retreatment Review;
Elements Segmentation [Cranial , Basal Ganglia, Head & Neck, Pelvic, Spine, Thoracic & Spine,
Extracranial] RT;
Elements Al Tumor Segmentation RT;
Elements SmartBrush [Angio, Spine] RT;
Elements Object Management RT
Indications for Use (Describe)
The device is intended for radiation treatment planning for use in stereotactic, conformal, computer
planned, Linac based radiation treatment and indicated for cranial, head and neck and extracranial
lesions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K250440


                                       510(k) Summary

June 17, 2025

                                  General Information
 Manufacturer                  Brainlab AG; Olof-Palme Str.9; 81829, Munich, Germany
 Establishment Registration    8043933
 Trade Name              RT Elements 4.5
 Classification Name           System, planning, radiation therapy treatment
 Product Code              MUJ; QIH
 Regulation Number          892.5050
 Regulatory Class                           II
 Panel                        Radiology
 Predicate Device           RT Elements (4.0); K223279
 Reference Device             Contouring 5.0 (part of Brainlab Elements 7.0 – K243633)
                                  Contact Information
 Primary Contact                            Alternate Contact
 Sadwini Suresh                          Chiara Cunico
QM Consultant                           Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs
 Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0               Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0
 Email: regulatory.affairs@brainlab.com     Email: chiara.cunico@brainlab.com


     1.  Indications for Use
      The device is intended for radiation treatment planning for use in stereotactic, conformal, computer
       planned, Linac based radiation treatment and indicated for cranial, head and neck and extracranial
         lesions.

    2.  Device Description

      RT Elements are computed-based software applications for radiation therapy treatment planning
       and dose optimization for linac-based conformal radiation treatments, i.e. stereotactic radiosurgery
        (SRS), fractionated stereotactic radiotherapy (SRT) or stereotactic ablative radiotherapy (SABR),
        also known as stereotactic body radiation therapy (SBRT) for use in stereotactic, conformal,
       computer planned, Linac based radiation treatment of cranial, head and neck, and extracranial
         lesions.


                                                                            PAGE 1 OF 12

The device consists of the following software modules:

        Software                                      Description
Multiple Brain Mets SRS     Multiple Brain Mets SRS provides optimized planning and display for
4.5                            cranial multi-metastases radiation treatment planning.
                              Cranial SRS provides optimized planning and display for cranial
Cranial SRS 4.5              radiation treatment planning.

                           Spine SRS provides optimized planning and display for spine
Spine SRS 4.5
                            metastases.
                              Cranial SRS w/ Cones provides planning and display for functional
Cranial SRS w/ Cones 4.5   diseases (e.g. trigeminal neuralgia) or cranial lesion radiation
                              treatment.
                     RT Contouring contains features to outline, refine, combine and
                            manipulate structures in patient image data for planning of cranial
                         and extracranial radiotherapy treatments. The Cranial Tumor
RT Contouring 4.5          Segmentation feature uses AI/Ml. The algorithm was trained on MRI
                         image data with contrast-enhancing tumors from multiple clinical
                                   sites, including a wide variety of scanner models and patient
                                characteristics.
                     RT QA contains features for patient specific quality assurance. Use
RT QA 4.5              RT QA to recalculate patient treatment plans on a phantom to verify
                                that the patient treatment plan fulfills the planning requirements.
                        Dose Review contains features for review of isodose lines, review of
Dose Review 4.5
                        DVHs, dose comparison and dose summation.
                           Retreatment Review allows the preparation and analysis of the next
Brain Mets Retreatment     treatment by providing a 3D visualization of all previously treated and
Review 4.5              new metastases and review options for the summed dose of previous
                             treatment plans.
                        The Physics Administration is a tool that allows to administer
Physics Administration     measured beam data and machine profiles for RT Elements software.
7.5                     The Software can be used to define and edit Hounsfield to electron
                              density conversion tables.

 3.  Substantial Equivalence


                                                                           PAGE 2 OF 12

Predicate Device                    Subject Device
    Topic/ Feature
                       (RT Elements 4.0 - K223279)            (RT Elements 4.5)

                     The device is intended for
                                                  The device is intended for radiation
                            radiation treatment planning for
                                                            treatment planning for use in
                       use in stereotactic, conformal,
                                                                   stereotactic, conformal, computer
Indications For Use      computer planned, Linac based
                                                          planned, Linac based radiation
                            radiation treatment and indicated
                                                            treatment and indicated for cranial,
                             for cranial, head and neck and
                                                   head and neck and extracranial lesions.
                           extracranial lesions.

                                                                 •   Multiple Brain Mets SRS
                              •   Multiple Brain Mets SRS
                                                                 •   Cranial SRS
                              •   Cranial SRS
                                                                 •   Spine SRS
                              •   Spine SRS
                                                                 •   Cranial SRS w/ Cones
                              •   Cranial SRS w/ Cones
                                                                 •  RT QA – Recalculation
                              •  RT QA – Recalculation
                                                                 •  RT QA – Patient Specific QA
                              •  RT QA – Patient Specific
                                                                 •  RT QA – Beam Model
                      QA
Applications/Elements                                                   Verification
                              •  RT QA – Beam Model
included                                                        •  Dose Review
                                     Verification
                                                                 •   Brain Mets Retreatment Review
                              •  Dose Review
                                                                 •   Physics Administration
                              •   Brain Mets Retreatment
                                                                 •  Phantom Definition
                             Review
                                                                 •   Tissue Model
                              •   Physics Administration
                                                                 •   SmartBrush (RT; RT Spine;
                              •  Phantom Definition
                                                                  Angio)
                              •   Tissue Model
                                                                 •   Object Management

                     The device is composed by
                         software only and can be         The device is composed by software
                           controlled via mouse and           only and can be controlled via mouse
                        keyboard. The software is         and keyboard. The software is
                         displayed on a computer screen.    displayed on a computer screen.

                     The input of the Brainlab RT       Based on co-registered DICOM image
                       Elements are co-registered          sets, the software can create 3D
Operating Principle
                   DICOM image sets with             structures or objects which are further
                      segmented objects.              used for the creation of RT dose plans.

                     The output is a DICOM RT dose    The output is a DICOM RT dose plan for
                         plan for further processing and      further processing and finally to control
                               finally to control the radiation       the radiation delivery to a patient using
                           delivery to a patient using a linear  a linear accelerator.
                           accelerator.


                                                                            PAGE 3 OF 12

Predicate Device                    Subject Device
    Topic/ Feature
                       (RT Elements 4.0 - K223279)            (RT Elements 4.5)


                                                                 •  1920 x 1080 (FHD)
                              •  1920 x 1200 (WUXGA)
                                                                 •  1920 x 1200 (WUXGA)
Display Resolution           •  2560 x 1440 (WQHD)
                                                                 •  2560 x 1440 (WQHD)
                              •  3840 x 2048 (4K)
                                                                 •  3840 x 2048 (4K)


                              •  Windows 10 1507
                              •  Windows 10 1607
                                                                 •  Windows 10 1607
                              •  Windows 10 1809
                                                                 •  Windows 10 1809
                              •  Windows 10 21H2
Supported Operating                                            •  Windows 10 v 21H2
                              •  Windows Server 2012 R2
Systems                                                        •  Windows Server 2016
                                   64-bit
                                                                 •  Windows Server 2019
                              •  Windows Server 2016
                                                                 •  Windows Server 2022
                              •  Windows Server 2019
                              •  Windows Server 2022

                              •  DICOM Images                 •  DICOM Images
                              •  DICOM Segmentation          •  DICOM Segmentation
                              •  DICOM Registration            •  DICOM Registration
                              •  DICOM Key Object             •  DICOM Key Object Selection
                                  Selection Document             Document
Data Input                   •  DICOM Raw (Brainlab          •  DICOM Raw (Brainlab
                              Load/Save)                     Load/Save)
                              •  DICOM RT Dose               •  DICOM RT Dose
                              •  DICOM RT Structure Set        •  DICOM RT Structure Set
                              •   Machine Profiles               •   Machine Profiles
                              •   HuToEd-Tables                •   HuToEd-Tables

                     The intended users are medical
                                                  The intended users are medical
                          professionals who perform
                                                              professionals who perform radiation
                            radiation treatment planning
Intended User Profile                                       treatment planning (medical physicists,
                         (medical physicists, radiation
                                                                  radiation oncologists, dosimetrists,
                           oncologists, dosimetrists,
                                                              physicians, etc.).
                          physicians, etc.).


                                                                            PAGE 4 OF 12

Predicate Device                    Subject Device
    Topic/ Feature
                       (RT Elements 4.0 - K223279)            (RT Elements 4.5)

                                                                 •  DICOM Images
                              •  DICOM Images
                                                                 •  DICOM RT Struct
                              •  DICOM RT Struct
                                                                 •  DICOM RT Plan
                              •  DICOM RT Plan
                                                                 •  DICOM Key Object Selection
                              •  DICOM Key Object
                                                        Document
                                  Selection Document
                                                                 •  DICOM RT Dose
                              •  DICOM RT Dose
Data Output                                                     •  DICOM Raw (Brainlab
                              •  DICOM Raw (Brainlab
                                                              Load/Save)
                              Load/Save)
                                                                 •  DICOM Segmentations
                              •  DICOM Segmentation
                                                                 •  DICOM Registrations
                              •  DICOM Registrations
                                                                 •  PDF Report
                              •  PDF Report
                                                                 •   ASCII Dose Export
                              •   ASCII Dose Export
                                                                 •   csv files


                              •   Multileaf Collimators
                                                                 •   Multileaf Collimators
Supported Collimators       •   Circular Conical
                                                                 •   Circular Conical Collimators
                                  Collimators


                              •  HTML5 (only RT
                                                                 •  HTML5
                                 Preparation & RT
GUI Technology                                                 •  WPF (only Physics
                                  Analysis)
                                                                       Administration)
                              •  WPF


                                                                            PAGE 5 OF 12

Predicate Device                    Subject Device
    Topic/ Feature
                       (RT Elements 4.0 - K223279)            (RT Elements 4.5)

                                                             •  CT
                                                             •  MRI
                                                             •  PET

                                                          Furthermore, it is possible to load the
                                                            output of the Contrast Clearance
                                                      Element which is labeled as OT (other)
                                                    Image set.

                                                      Background: The Contrast Clearance
                                                            Analysis calculation compares two 3D
                                                MRI data sets with injected contrast
                                                         agents that were taken 60 to 105
                                                         minutes apart (early and late scans).
                                            When comparing the two 3D MRI data
                          •  CT
Supported Image                                                sets, Contrast Clearance Analysis
                          •  MRI
Modalities                                               performs a voxel-by-voxel subtraction
                          •  PET
                                                               of the early MR images from the late
                                      MR images resulting in a highresolution color-coded Treatment
                                                   Response Assessment Map (TRAM).
                                                            This map provides effective separation
                                                    between regions of contrast
                                                         accumulation (positive value in red),
                                                   and regions of contrast clearance
                                                              (negative values in blue). Red regions
                                                show contrast accumulation , i.e. nontumor regions and predominantly vessel
                                                               necrosis. Dark blue regions show
                                                                       efficient contrast clearance, i.e.
                                                          predominantly morphologically active
                                                       tumor regions.

                          •   Pencil Beam Algorithm         •   Pencil Beam (PB) Algorithm
Dose Calculation
                          •  Monte Carlo Algorithm          •  Monte Carlo (MC) Algorithm
Algorithm
                          •   Circular Cone Algorithm        •   Circular Cone Algorithm


                                                                            PAGE 6 OF 12

Predicate Device                    Subject Device
    Topic/ Feature
                       (RT Elements 4.0 - K223279)            (RT Elements 4.5)

                         Pencil Beam/Monte Carlo:        Pencil Beam/Monte Carlo:
                            better than 3%                      better than 3%Performance
Characteristics          Circular Cone:                     Circular Cone:
                 1%/1mm                 1%/1mm

                                                    Review objects can be added/removed
                              In the planning applications it is      in all planning applications as well as
                          possible to add and remove       Dose Planning.
                         review objects to/from a
                         treatment plan.               PTV (Planning Target Volume) , OAR
Object Changes
                                                       (Organ At Risk) and other objects’
                              In general object property           properties can be changed for
                      changes are not possible during    treatment plans (e.g., name, color and
                         treatment planning.               comment). The optimization result
                                                        remains valid after the change.

                                                  The user can trigger the final dose
                                                                calculation separately from the plan
                                                               optimization (VMAT (Volumetric
                                                      Modulated Arc Therapy)):
                             →  Possible to optimize a plan using
                                               PB or MC first and then trigger
                                                                                final dose calculation using fine
                                         MC parameters
                             → MC coarse and MC fine dose is
                                                         cached of the current state and
Separation of          The final dose calculation was           the MC dose of the last
optimization and final    automatically performed at the            optimization result to enable the
dose calculation        end of the optimization.                 user to easily revert to the last
                                                                plan state
                             → The fine and coarse MC
                                                             parameters visualized in the
                                                       dropdown can be defined in the
                                                                           Clinical Protocol. The spatial
                                                                      resolution and grid size used
                                                                 during a MC based optimization
                                                         can only be changed in the
                                                                           Clinical Protocol


                                                                            PAGE 7 OF 12

Predicate Device                    Subject Device
    Topic/ Feature
                       (RT Elements 4.0 - K223279)            (RT Elements 4.5)

                                                         For the following extracranial workflows
                                                    an interface to the cloud based 3rd party
                                                           contouring system “Art-Plan” by
                                                     TheraPanacea (TPC) was introduced.

                                                             Art-Plan provides an auto-segmentation
Interface to Art-Plan
                                                               of extracranial structures which are
(by TheraPanacea) for   Not part of the Predicate Device.
                                                        loaded into Object Management.
extracranial workflows
                                                            Therefore, Art-Plan Connect (part of
                                                                Art-Plan) is installed on the same HW as
                                                             the RT Elements and works as a
                                                      communication gateway between the
                                                     main Art Plan cloud service and the RT
                                                          Elements.

                                                 Component of the RT Elements with a
                                            gRPC API, which serves as an
                                                               algorithmic backend for medical image
                                                           data processing. The API can readily be
                                                    used by client applications to have
                                                       access to functionalities for automatic
                                                          processing of 2D and 3D medical image
                                                           data (e.g. segmentations, landmarks).
                                                To provide its functionality the APM
APM (Anatomical
                       Not part of the Predicate Device.    service also includes interfaces to other
Patient Model)
                                                    components of the Universal Patient
                                                   Model device like
                                                            UniversalAtlasPerformer and
                                                         UATransferPerformer. Additional
                                                                   functionality is also implemented
                                                                     directly in the APM service (like cranial
                                                       tumor segmentations).
                                                  The component is used by RT
                                                            Contouring.


                                                                            PAGE 8 OF 12

4.  Performance Data
   The Subject Device has been verified and validated according to Brainlab processes for product
    design and development. A high level explanation of the testing provided in this submission for
    the Subject Device is provided below. For more details, please refer to the document Verification
   and Performance Bench Testing Summary – RT Elements 4.5.

    Software verification
    Software verification has been performed on software level, verifying the software requirements
    through integration tests (see XToolPro Software protocols) as well as GUI tests and Unit tests.
   An incremental test strategy has been set up for the release candidates for changes with limited
    scope. In this case, an impact analysis of the modifications was performed and tests to be
    performed are identified and planned correspondingly.

    Usability Evaluation:
   Only formative usability evaluation was carried out for the Subject Device. No summative usability
    evaluation has been performed for RT Elements 4.5.


   Performance Comparison Optimization Algorithm:


    This test compared the performance of the new version to the predecessor version of Multiple
    Brain Mets SRS. The objective was to show that the dosimetric performance between the two
    versions is equivalent without compromising in treatment plan efficiency.

   Comparison Of Dose Calculations To Phantom Measurements:
    This verifies that RT Elements 4.5 is able to accurately compute dose distributions for treatment
   machines equipped with Elekta or Varian multi-leaf collimators with both dose calculation
    algorithms: Pencil Beam (PB) and Monte Carlo (MC).


    Validation Of Reference Beam Models:
    Reference Beam Models (RBM) contain Pencil Beam (PB) and Monte Carlo (MC) dose profiles
    that are pre-generated for different photon source sizes of a linear accelerator (linac). The test
    validates the dose calculations performed for Elekta and Varian linacs using 6 MV-STD, 6 MVFFF, 10 MV-STD and 10 MV-FFF photon beams with respect to the accuracy of RBMB for PB and
  MC dose algorithms.


                                                                          PAGE 9 OF 12

Small Field Dose Calculation With Scatter Model Enhanced Pencil Beam:
This test verifies that RT Elements is able to accurately calculate doses for targets with an
equivalent square field size smaller than 10 x 10 mm² using its Scatter Model enhanced pencil
beam algorithm.


Multiple Brain Mets SRS Calculation Time:
Multiple Brain Mets SRS enables fast automatic treatment plan generation for multiple brain
metastases cases. The optimization problem is solved using an inverse stochastic optimization
algorithm and requires several dose calculations. This test assesses the time to complete
treatment plan generation for cases with up to 15 metastases.


Varian Dynamic Jaw Tracking:
Jaws in general are used to block radiation around the opening of the multi-leaf-collimator (MLC).
With Static Jaws, the smallest possible box around all MLC positions is formed by the jaws.
Dynamic Jaws enable a reshaping of the box at every control point. It is expected that this will
result in reduced radiation of normal tissue as those boxes can be shaped more precisely around
the positions of the leaves. The aim of this test is to confirm that Varian Dynamic Jaws result in
reduced normal tissue dose compared to a treatment plan without Dynamic Jaws while
maintaining similar planning target volume (PTV) conformity and coverage.


Elekta Dynamic Jaw Tracking:
Starting with RT Elements generation 2.5, Cranial SRS (1.5.1), Spine SRS (1.5.1) and Multiple
Brain Mets SRS (2.0) support Dynamic Jaw Tracking for Elekta Agility machines. For those
machines, the jaws are used to shape the form of irradiation targets in y direction, in addition to
the leaves in x direction. With Dynamic Jaw Tracking, the jaws can be moved to arbitrary
positions. Without Dynamic Jaw tracking, the jaws are limited to discrete positions at the leave
edges. The aim of this test was to find out, whether Dynamic Jaw Tracking results in reduced
normal tissue dose compared to the same plan without jaw tracking.


Collimator Optimization Spine SRS:
This test shows whether Collimator Optimization results in improved conformity and reduced
normal tissue dose compared to plan generation without Collimator Optimization. The test was
restricted to non-spherical targets for which a rotation of the collimator can have an effect.


AI/ML Performance Tests for Contouring 4.5:
Elements AI Tumor Segmentation can be used to semi-automatically segment supported cranial
tumors (metastases, meningiomas, cranial and paraspinal nerve tumors, gliomas, glioneuronal


                                                                      PAGE 10 OF 12

and neuronal tumors) on 3D medical Contrast Enhanced T1-weighted MR images powered by the
     Anatomical Patient Model. The approach used was quantitative validation – comparison to
      ground-truth annotations.


      Validation Summary:
     Elements AI Tumor Segmentation algorithm was tested on de-identified 3D CE-T1 MR images
     from 412 patients (595 scans, 1878 annotations) from multiple clinical sites in the US and Europe.
       All data was acquired from adult patients with one or multiple contrast-enhancing tumors. The
      pool contained homogenous distribution by gender (female/male) and a diversity of ethnicity
     groups being White/Black/Latino/Asian with the highest representation. Most of data were
      obtained in patients who underwent stereotactic radiosurgery using a diverse acquisition of MR
      protocols (mainly containing 1.5T/3T MRI scans acquired in axial scan orientation). The test data
      pools also included control patients without cranial tumors. ¼ of the test pool corresponded to
      data from three independent sites in USA. The validation was conducted quantitatively by
     comparing the (manual) ground-truth segmentations, the so-called annotations with the
      respective automatically-created segmentations. The annotations involved external/independent
      annotator team including US radiologists and non US radiologists which followed a well-defined
      data curation process.


       In accordance with best practices, measurement of recall and precision and object-specific DICE
      coefficient were performed to assess the similarity between both segmentations. Acceptance
       criteria were Dice ≥ 0.7, Recall ≥ 0.8 and Precision ≥ 0.8 for the lower bound of the respective 95
  % confidence intervals. Successful validation has been completed based on images containing
     up to 30 cranial metastases, each showing a diameter of at least 3 mm, and images with primary
      cranial tumors that are at least 10 mm in diameter (for meningioma, cranial/paraspinal nerve
      tumors, gliomas, glioneuronal and neuronal tumors). See performance metrics in Table 1.


                                   Table 1 Summary of test statistics

                    95%           95%          95%
Diagnostic         Mean                Mean               Mean
                                Confidence            Confidence           Confidence
Characteristics       Dice                      Precision               Recall
                                      Interval                   Interval                  Interval
                                      [0.74;                    [0.85;                    [0.83;
All                  0.75                    0.86                   0.85
                                   0.76]                    0.88]                   0.87]
Metastases to the                    [0.73;                    [0.83;                    [0.82;
                    0.74                    0.85                   0.84
CNS                               0.75]                    0.87]                   0.86]


                                                                          PAGE 11 OF 12

[0.73;                   0.84; 0.94]              [0.85;
Meningiomas         0.76                    0.89                   0.90
                                   0.79]                                            0.94]
Cranial and                          [0.88;                    [0.93; 1.0]               [0.93; 1.0]
paraspinal nerve      0.89         0.90]        0.97                   0.97
tumors
Gliomas and glio-                    [0.76;                    [0.88; 1.0]               [0.74;
                      0.81                     0.95                   0.85
/neuronal tumors                   0.86]                                            0.94]


  5.  Conclusion
     The comparison of the Subject Device with the predicate device shows that RT Elements 4.5 has
       similar functionality, intended use and technological characteristics as the predicate device. Based
     on the comparison to the predicate and the performance testing conducted, the Subject Device is
      considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                          PAGE 12 OF 12