June 19, 2025

Empatica, Srl
Alberto Poli
Director, Quality & Regulatory Compliance
Via Stendhal 36
Milano, Milano 20144
Italy

Re: K250515
    Trade/Device Name: EpiMonitor
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1580
    Regulation Name: Non-Electroencephalogram (EEG) Physiological Signal Based Seizure Monitoring
                    System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POS, LEL, FLL
    Dated: February 21, 2025
    Received: February 21, 2025

Dear Alberto Poli:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250515 - Alberto Poli                                                                Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K250515 - Alberto Poli                                                                Page 3


                                                 Sincerely,
                                       Patrick
                                Antkowiak -S

                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250515

Device Name
EpiMonitor


Indications for Use (Describe)
EpiMonitor is a prescription only medical device system composed of a wearable device “EmbracePlus” and paired
mobile software application “EpiMonitor” intended as an adjunct to seizure monitoring in adults and children aged 6 and
up in a home environment or healthcare facilities. The device is worn on the wrist and senses Electrodermal Activity
(EDA) and motion data to detect patterns that may be associated with either primary or secondary generalized tonic clonic
seizures in patients with epilepsy or at risk of having epilepsy. When a seizure event is detected, the wearable device
component of EpiMonitor sends a command to a paired mobile device where the EpiMonitor App is programmed to
initiate an alert to a designated caregiver. The EpiMonitor app incorporates additional detection sensitivity modes, "high"
for use during periods of rest or sleeping or "low" for use during periods of low-intensity activity, in order to reduce false
alarm incidents.

EpiMonitor records, stores and transmits accelerometers, EDA, Peripheral skin temperature and activity data for
subsequent retrospective review by a trained healthcare professional via a cloud-based software.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Page 1 of 13
Empatica Srl
Special 510(k)
EpiMonitor
a
empatica {>
EpiMonitor — 510(k)
510(k) Summary

Page 2 of 13
                        Empatica Srl
                           Special 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

                                   510(k) Summary

    I.   SUBMITTER

 Company Name                     Empatica Srl

 Establishment Registration Number    3012933969

 Contact Person                        Alberto Poli, Regulatory Affairs & Quality Manager

 Contact Person email               apo@empatica.com

 Address                               Via Stendhal, 36 - 20144, Milan, Italy

 Telephone Number                 +39 02 36165068

 Date prepared                  May 21, 2025

   II.   DEVICE

 Trade/Proprietary Name:     EpiMonitor

 Common/Usual Name:       non-EEG physiological signal based seizure monitoring system

Primary Product Code:

 Classification    Classification Name                    Device    Product   Classification
 Regulation                                                Class     Code     Panel

 882.1580       Non-electroencephalogram (EEG)         Class II   POS      Neurology
                  physiological signal based seizure
                 monitoring system

Secondary Product Codes:

 Classification    Classification Name                Device     Product     Classification
 Regulation                                           Class     Code       Panel

 882.5050       Device, Sleep Assessment             Class II     LEL         Neurology

 880.2910      Thermometer, Electronic, Clinical     Class II     FLL         General Hospital

  III.   PREDICATE DEVICES

 Predicate    Name                Submitter       Product Code(s)            510(k)
 Device                                            Primary (Secondary)      Number


 Primary       EpiMonitor           Empatica S.r.l.   POS, LEL, FLL             K232915


The predicate has been subject to a design-related recall.

No reference devices were used in this submission.

Page 3 of 13
                        Empatica Srl
                           Special 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

 IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The EpiMonitor system consists of a wearable device and mobile application:
   ●  A wearable medical device called EmbracePlus,
   ●  A mobile application running on smartphones called "EpiMonitor"

The EmbracePlus is worn on the user's wrist and continuously collects raw data via specific sensors,
these data are continuously analyzed by an on-board algorithm (EpiAlgo 2.1), which assesses the
physiological data and determines if the user may be undergoing a generalized tonic-clonic seizure
(GTCS). The  EpiAlgo  has been  validated  through  testing,  using  the  gold-standard  videoElectroencephalogram (EEG) methodology designed by a group of epileptologists at a top level 4
epilepsy center, from epilepsy patients experiencing GTCSs in hospital Epilepsy Monitoring Units.
When a likely GTCS is detected, EmbracePlus sends, via Bluetooth Low Energy, a message to the
EpiMonitor app. The EpiMonitor app communicates to the Empatica Cloud which initiates, through
the external provider a voice call and SMS text message is sent to summon the attention of userdesignated caregiver(s).

In addition to initiating alerts, the EpiMonitor app also continuously receives all the raw sensor data
collected by the EmbracePlus. These data are analyzed by one of the EpiMonitor app software
modules, EmpaDSP (paragraph 2.3.2), which computes the additional physiological parameters, such
as activity during sleep and peripheral skin temperature.

The EpiMonitor App is also responsible for transmitting, over a cellular data plan or Wi-Fi connection
the sensors' raw data, device information, and computed physiological parameters to the Empatica
Cloud. On the Empatica Cloud, these data are stored, and made available to healthcare providers via
a specific cloud-based software called Care Monitoring Portal.

  V.   INDICATION FOR USE

EpiMonitor  is a  prescription  only medical  device system composed  of a wearable  device
“EmbracePlus” and paired mobile software application “EpiMonitor” intended as an adjunct to seizure
monitoring in adults and children aged 6 and up in a home environment or healthcare facilities. The
device is worn on the wrist and senses Electrodermal Activity (EDA) and motion data to detect patterns
that may be associated with either primary or secondary generalized tonic clonic seizures in patients
with epilepsy or at risk of having epilepsy. When a seizure event is detected, the wearable device
component of EpiMonitor sends a command to a paired mobile device where the EpiMonitor App is
programmed to initiate an alert to a designated caregiver. The EpiMonitor app incorporates additional
detection sensitivity modes, "high" for use during periods of rest or sleeping or "low" for use during
periods of low-intensity activity, in order to reduce false alarm incidents.

EpiMonitor records, stores and transmits accelerometer, EDA, peripheral skin temperature and
activity data for subsequent retrospective review by a trained healthcare professional via a cloudbased software.

Page 4 of 13
                                        Empatica Srl
                                             Special 510(k)
                                                           EpiMonitor


    I.   COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICES

The EpiMonitor system, including the EmbracePlus wearable and EpiMonitor App, is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate devices.

The devices have similar Indications for Use, features, technology, and accuracy.

                    EpiMonitor                                  EpiMonitor (K232915)
 Features                                                                                                         Analysis of differences
                      (Subject Device)                                Predicate

                  Non-EEG physiological signal based seizure      Non-EEG physiological signal based seizure
 Common Name                                                                               N/A
                     monitoring system                             monitoring system

 Device
                    Empatica S.r.l.                               Empatica S.r.l                          N/A
 Manufacturer

 Device
                                     II                                                                                II                                   N/A
 Classification

 510(k) number     N/A                                     K232915                             N/A

 Primary Product
                 POS                                  POS                                 N/A
 Code

 Secondary Product
                        LEL, FLL                                            LEL, FLL                              N/A
 Code

 Sterility              Non-Sterile                                      Non-Sterile                           N/A

                    EpiMonitor is intended as an adjunct for the      EpiMonitor is intended as an adjunct for the
                      detection and alerting of possible seizures in      detection and alerting of possible seizures in  The subject device and the
 Intended Use        patients with epilepsy or at risk of having         patients with epilepsy or at risk of having      predicate device have the same
                        epilepsy, and for remote monitoring of            epilepsy, and for remote monitoring of       intended use.
                       physiological parameters which may provide      physiological parameters which may provide

Page 5 of 13
                                        Empatica Srl
                                             Special 510(k)
                                                           EpiMonitor


                    EpiMonitor                                  EpiMonitor (K232915)
 Features                                                                                                         Analysis of differences
                      (Subject Device)                                Predicate

                    supplementary support in the clinical            supplementary support in the clinical
                 management of epilepsy.                   management of epilepsy.

                    EpiMonitor is a prescription only medical device
                                                                 EpiMonitor is a prescription only medical
                    system composed of a wearable device
                                                                    device system composed of a wearable
                    “EmbracePlus” and paired mobile software
                                                                    device “EmbracePlus” and paired mobile
                       application “EpiMonitor” intended as an
                                                                   software application “EpiMonitor” intended
                      adjunct to seizure monitoring in adults and
                                                                     as an adjunct to seizure monitoring in adults
                       children aged 6 and up in a home environment
                                                           and children aged 6 and up in a home
                      or healthcare facilities. The device is worn on
                                                               environment or healthcare facilities. The
                     the wrist and senses Electrodermal Activity
                                                                    device is worn on the wrist and senses
                     (EDA) and motion data to detect patterns that
                                                                    Electrodermal Activity (EDA) and motion
                may be associated with either primary or
                                                                  data to detect patterns that may be
                    secondary generalized tonic clonic seizures in
                                                                      associated with either primary or secondary
                       patients with epilepsy or at risk of having                                              The subject device and the
                                                                      generalized tonic clonic seizures in patients
 Indications for Use   epilepsy. When a seizure event is detected, the                                                predicate device have the same
                                                                   with epilepsy or at risk of having epilepsy.
                    wearable device component of EpiMonitor                                                        indications for use.
                                                 When a seizure event is detected, the
                    sends a command to a paired mobile device
                                                                wearable device component of EpiMonitor
                  where the EpiMonitor App is programmed to
                                                                sends a command to a paired mobile device
                          initiate an alert to a designated caregiver. The
                                                          where the EpiMonitor App is programmed
                    EpiMonitor app incorporates additional
                                                                     to initiate an alert to a designated caregiver.
                      detection sensitivity modes, "high" for use
                                                            The EpiMonitor app incorporates additional
                      during periods of rest or sleeping or "low" for
                                                                     detection sensitivity modes, "high" for use
                    use during periods of low-intensity activity, in
                                                                     during periods of rest or sleeping or "low"
                     order to reduce false alarm incidents
                                                                             for use during periods of low-intensity
                    EpiMonitor records, stores and transmits
                                                                                    activity, in order to reduce false alarm
                      accelerometers, EDA, Peripheral skin
                                                                         incidents
                    temperature and activity data for subsequent

Page 6 of 13
                                        Empatica Srl
                                             Special 510(k)
                                                           EpiMonitor


                    EpiMonitor                                  EpiMonitor (K232915)
 Features                                                                                                         Analysis of differences
                      (Subject Device)                                Predicate

                       retrospective review by a trained healthcare     EpiMonitor records, stores and transmits
                       professional via a cloud-based software.          accelerometers, EDA, Peripheral skin
                                                                temperature and activity data for
                                                               subsequent retrospective review by a
                                                                       trained healthcare professional via a cloudbased software.

                                                                                                  The subject device and the
 Target Population    Adults and Children aged 6 years and above      Adults and Children aged 6 years and above   predicate have the same target
                                                                                                               population

                                                                                                  The subject device and the
 Anatomical Site      Wrist                                          Wrist
                                                                                                                    predicates are identical

 Over the Counter                                                                                   The subject device and the
                   Rx                                        Rx
 or Rx                                                                                                              predicates are identical

                       Professional Healthcare Facilities & Home         Professional Healthcare Facilities & Home     The subject device and the
 Environment
                    environment                                environment                                 predicate are identical.

                     Layperson:                                    Layperson:
                     Device screen with two side buttons            Device screen with two side buttons
                                                                                                  The subject device and the
                    Mobile device application (EpiMonitor)          Mobile device application (EpiMonitor)
 User Interface                                                                                                    predicate have same user
                                                                                                                              interface.
                        Caregiver(s):                                       Caregiver(s):
                     Voice call and SMS                             Voice call and SMS

                                                                                                  The subject device and the
 Energy Source       Battery                                         Battery
                                                                                                                  predicate are identical

Page 7 of 13
                                        Empatica Srl
                                             Special 510(k)
                                                           EpiMonitor


                    EpiMonitor                                  EpiMonitor (K232915)
 Features                                                                                                         Analysis of differences
                      (Subject Device)                                Predicate

                                                                                                  The subject device and the
 Battery Type        Rechargeable Lithium-Ion                      Rechargeable Lithium-Ion
                                                                                                                  predicate are identical

 Wireless            Bluetooth® Low Energy (device to mobile        Bluetooth® Low Energy (device to mobile
                                                                                                  The subject device and the
 Communication      device)                                          device)
                                                                                                                  predicate are identical
 Interface            IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular to Empatica cloud       IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular to Empatica cloud

                                                                Compliant to ISO 10993-1
                    Compliant to ISO 10993-1
                                                                                                  The subject device and the
                                                                  Device housing:
                     Device housing:                                                                        secondary predicate are identical
                                                    ●  Polycarbonate
                  ●  Polycarbonate                                                                                 in their contacting materials.
 Patient contacting                                       ●   Stainless steel
                  ●   Stainless steel                                                             The subject device and primary
 materials                                             ●   Gorilla Glass 3
                  ●   Gorilla Glass 3                                                                        predicate utilize similar materials.
                                                    ●  Thermoplastic Polyurethane
                  ●  Thermoplastic Polyurethane                                                                         All materials are demonstrated to
                                                                Band:
                    Band:                                                                         be compliant to ISO 10993-1.
                                                    ●   Silicone Rubber
                  ●  Elastane and Polyamide
                                                    ●   Stainless Steel

                                                                                                                              Verification testing demonstrated
                                                                                                            the equivalence between the
 EDA Sensors                                                                                                        subject device and the predicate.
                      Wrist - Dorsal                                  Wrist - Ventral
 Location                                                                                          The difference in EDA sensors
                                                                                                                        location does not raise new
                                                                                                                questions of safety or efficacy.

 Principle of          EpiAlgo (Version 2.1) - Uses algorithms to         EpiAlgo (Version 2.1) - Uses algorithms to
                                                                                                  The subject device and the
 Operation (Seizure   analyze EDA and accelerometer data to detect    analyze EDA and accelerometer data to
                                                                                                                  predicate are identical.
 Detection           patterns in the data that may be associated       detect patterns in the data that may be
 Algorithm)          with GTC seizures.                               associated with GTC seizures.

Page 8 of 13
                        Empatica Srl
                           Special 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor
   II.   PERFORMANCE DATA

Non-Clinical testing (Bench testing)

The following non-clinical (bench) testing was conducted to provide evidence of the implemented
changes to EmbracePlus do not affect the product safety and effectiveness and to support a
determination of substantial equivalence to the predicate. The non-clinical bench tests included:

     Test Name                             Test Description                          Results

 Wireless    Radio  The EpiMonitor System was tested to ensure it can communicate  Passed
 Communication      via wireless radio in its intended environment in compliance with
                 FDA Radio Frequency Wireless Technology in Medical Devices
                    Guidance, issued August 2013.

 Electrodermal      The wearable device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
 Activity            EmbracePlus, computed electrodermal activity (EDA) has been
 measurement       tested to determine  its equivalence to the predicate device
                   Embrace.

 Algorithm         Bench  testing comparing the equivalence  in performance  of  Passed
 Performance       Embrace and EpiMonitor devices was conducted using simulated
 (Bench Testing)      seizure patterns based on motion and electrodermal activity data
                     derived from confirmed convulsive seizures.

Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software  verification  and  validation  testing  have  been  successfully  conducted.  Software
documentation was provided as recommended by the FDA's Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff
"Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions" for Basic documentation level,
along with software documents to comply with the special controls applicable to products regulated
under 21 CFR 882.1580.  All the EpiMonitor System software components were considered a
"moderate" level of concern since a failure or latent flaw in the software could result in minor injury
to the patient or operator.

Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity activities have been conducted and an assessment made on individual component risks.
Documentation has been provided with this application as recommended by the FDA's Guidance for
Industry and FDA Staff, "Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in
Medical  Devices".  All the EpiMonitor System  software components underwent  appropriate
cybersecurity assessment and testing.

Animal study

No animal studies have been conducted as part of this submission to prove substantial equivalence,
as the device is not intended for contact with compromised skin.

Clinical Study

No clinical studies have been performed on the subject device. Clinical studies were performed on
EpiAlgo ver 2.1 to support clearance of the predicate device (K181861).

Page 9 of 13
                        Empatica Srl
                           Special 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor


Clinical Data Analysis

Clinical performance of the EpiAlgo ver 2.1 on the EmbracePlus device was confirmed by bench testing
to be equivalent to the performance of the Embrace device presented in K181861, when using the
standard alerting threshold during rest activities (High-Sensitivity). To assess the performance of
EpiAlgo ver 2.1 on the EmbracePlus device using the Low-Sensitivity threshold introduced in the
EpiMonitor system, two retrospective analyses of previously collected clinical data were conducted.
The Low-Sensitivity threshold is an optional alerting mode for use in low-intensity daytime activities,
when a patient may prefer an alerting threshold that optimizes for reduction in false alarm rates.

Using adjudicated tonic-clonic seizure data collected from patients observed in Epilepsy Monitoring
Units, Positive Percentage Agreement (PPA) and false alarm rate per 24 hours (FAR) were calculated
for adult and pediatric subgroups during non-rest activities (Tables 1 and 2).


Table 1 - Positive Percent Agreement applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to Epilepsy Monitoring Unit data

 age   # patients   # GTCS  # detected GTCS  PPA    corrected PPA   Confidence Interval - PPA

 6-21   12         19      17                0.895   0.791           0.619        0.925


 >21   12         17      17                1.000   0.905           0.891        0.917


Table 2 – False Alarm Rate applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to Epilepsy Monitoring Unit data

 age   # patients   # FA   # days   Overall FAR  Confidence      Mean FAR  Confidence
                                                       Interval - Overall                Interval – Mean
                                         FAR                      FAR

 6-21   80         62     88.94    0.70          0.41     1.06      0.91        0.44      1.57


 >21   61         43     152.68   0.28          0.15     0.46      0.33        0.17      0.53


A second longitudinal analysis of real-world data was then conducted to ensure that a wide range of
non-rest activities in home settings were captured. Tables 3 and 4 describe the performance of the
EpiAlgo ver 2.1 during non-rest activities in home settings for both adult and pediatric subgroups.


Table 3 - Positive Percent Agreement applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to real-world data captured by Embrace2

 age   # patients   # GTCS  # detected GTCS  PPA       corrected PPA   Confidence Interval PPA


 6-21   601        1157    1011              0.87       0.86            0.78         0.92


 >21   843        3625    2896               0.8        0.77            0.64         0.87


Table 4 – False Alarm Rate applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to real-world data captured by Embrace2

 age   # patients  # FA     # days    Overall   Confidence      Mean FAR     Confidence
                                 FAR       Interval - Overall                  Interval - Mean
                                         FAR                        FAR


 6-21   601        12808    37594.2   0.34      0.23     0.50     0.35          0.28      0.45

Page 10 of 13
                        Empatica Srl
                           Special 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor


 >21   843        14308    56389.1   0.25      0.22     0.30     0.29          0.26      0.33


Analysis of performance for the Low-Sensitivity alerting mode in the EpiMonitor system demonstrated
acceptable seizure detection accuracy and a reduced rate of false alerts.

NOTE: The longitudinal analysis of real-world data was based on analysis of sensor data captured using
the Embrace2 wearable device.


  III.   CONCLUSION

Based on the information presented in this 510(k) premarket notification, EpiMonitor is considered to
be substantially equivalent to the predicate devices on the basis of safety and effectiveness.

This has been determined on the basis of the testing, as summarized in this document, and the
physical and technological comparisons made to the predicate devices. The EpiMonitor System has
demonstrated no adverse indications or results and performs within its design specifications.