TeraRecon, Inc.
Alexis Ferrier
Official Correspondent
4309 Emperor Boulevard
Suite 310
Durham, North Carolina 27703


Re: K250288
    Trade/Device Name: TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 31, 2025
    Received: September 25, 2025

Dear Alexis Ferrier:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250288 - Alexis Ferrier                                                              Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250288 - Alexis Ferrier                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250288                                                           I
Device Name
I TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT

Indications for Use (Describe)
 TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is intended to provide an automatic 3D segmentation of
 calcified plaques within the coronary arteries and outputs a mask for calcium scoring systems to use
 for calculations. The results of TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT are intended to be used
  in conjunction with other patient information by trained professionals who are responsible for making
 any patient management decision per the standard of care. TeraRecon
 Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is a software as a medical device (SaMD) deployed as a
 containerized application. The device inputs are CT heart without contrast DICOM images. The
 device outputs are DICOM result files which may be viewed utilizing DICOM-compliant systems. The
 device does not alter the original input data and does not provide a diagnosis.
 TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is indicated to generate results from Calcium Score CT
 scans taken of adult patients, 30 years and older, except patients with pre-existing cardiac devices,
 electrodes, previous and established ischemic diseases (IMA, bypass grafts, stents, PTCA) and
 Thoracic metallic devices. The device is not specific to any gender, ethnic group, or clinical
 condition. The device's use should be limited to CT scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or
 Siemens Healthcare or their subsidiaries (e.g. GE Healthcare) equipment. Use of the device with CT
 scans from other manufacturers  is not recommended.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) #:  K250288                                                      Prepared on: 2025-10-23                       510(k) Summary
IContact Details                                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
 Applicant Name                         I TeraRecon, Inc.

 Applicant Address            4309 Emperor Boulevard Suite 310 Durham NC 27703 United States

 Applicant Contact Telephone   6169806373

 Applicant Contact                     I Ms. Alexis Ferrier

 Applicant Contact Email        aferrier@concertai.com
 Device Name                                                       21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name                  I TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT

 Common Name                Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Regulation Number           1892.2050

 Product Code(s)                        I QIH
                   Predicate Devices                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)ILegally Marketed
 Predicate              Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code

  K2332111           AVIEW CAC                                                                                QIH                                                            Z
IDevice Description Summary                                     21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
 The TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT algorithm  is an image processing software device that can be deployed as a containerized
 application (e.g., Docker container) that runs on off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. The device provides an automatic 3D
 segmentation of the coronary calcifications.

 When TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT results are used in external viewer devices such as TeraRecon's Intuition or Eureka
  Clinical Al medical devices, all the standard features offered by the external viewer are employed.

 The TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT algorithm  is not intended to replace the skill and judgment ofa qualified medical
  practitioner and should only be used by individuals that have been trained in the software's function, capabilities, and limitations.

 Intended Use/Indications for Use                                 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
[ TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is intended to provide an automatic 3D segmentation of calcified plaques within the coronary
  arteries and outputs a mask for calcium scoring systems to use for calculations. The results of TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT
  are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information by trained professionals who are responsible for making any
  patient management decision per the standard of care. TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is a software as a medical device
  (SaMD) deployed as a containerized application. The device inputs are CT heart without contrast DICOM images. The device outputs are
 DICOM result files which may be viewed utilizing DICOM-compliant systems. The device does not alter the original input data and does
  not provide a diagnosis.
 TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is indicated to generate results from Calcium Score CT scans taken of adult patients, 30 years
 and older, except patients with pre-existing cardiac devices, electrodes, previous and established ischemic diseases (IMA, bypass grafts,
  stents, PTCA) and Thoracic metallic devices. The device is not specific to any gender, ethnic group, or clinical condition. The device's use

should be limited to CT scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or Siemens Healthcare or their subsidiaries (e.g. GE Healthcare)
equipment. Use of the device with CT scans from other manufacturers is not recommended.

 Indications for Use Comparison                                  21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

Indications for use (Subject Device) - TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is intended to provide an automatic 3D segmentation of
calcified plaques within the coronary arteries and outputs a mask for calcium scoring systems to use for calculations. The results of
TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information by trained
professionals who are responsible for making any patient management decision per the standard of care. TeraRecon
Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is a software as a medical device (SaMD) deployed as a containerized application. The device inputs are
CT heart without contrast DICOM images. The device outputs are DICOM result files which may be viewed utilizing DICOM-compliant
systems. The device does not alter the original input data and does not provide a diagnosis.
TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT  is indicated to generate results from Calcium Score CT scans taken of adult patients, 30 years
and older, except patients with pre-existing cardiac devices, electrodes, previous and established ischemic diseases (IMA, bypass grafts,
stents, PTCA) and Thoracic metallic devices. The device is not specific to any gender, ethnic group, or clinical condition. The device's use
should be limited to CT scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or Siemens Healthcare or their subsidiaries (e.g. GE Healthcare)
equipment. Use of the device with CT scans from other manufacturers is not recommended.

Indications for Use (Predicate Device) - AVIEW CAC (233211)
A VIEW CAC provides quantitative analysis of calcified plaques in the coronary arteries using non-contrast/non-gated Chest er scans. It
enables the calculation of the Agatston score for coronary artery calcification, segmenting and evaluating the right coronary artery and
left coronary artery. Also provide risk stratification based on calcium score, gender, and age, offering percentile-based risk categories by
established guidelines. Designed for healthcare professionals, including radiologists and cardiologists, A VIEW CAC supports storing,
transferring, inquiring, and displaying CT data sets on-premises, facilitating access through mobile devices and Chrome browsers. A
VIEW CAC analyzes existing noncontrast/non-gated Chest CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the age of 40. Also,
the device's use should be limited to er scans acquired on General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (e.g., GE Healthcare) equipment. Use of
the device with CT scans from other manufacturers has not been validated or recommended.

Comparison of the Indications for Use:
There are several differences between the subject and predicate device indications for use. The subject device does not include
functionality to provide professionals with tools to read, interpret, report or treatment plan. The subject device does not segment the
right or left coronary arteries but rather the calcified plaques within the arteries. The subject device outputs a mask for calcium scoring
systems to utilize while the predicate device outputs the calcium score. The predicate device provides risk stratification not included in
the subject device. The subject device is intended to be utilized for adult patients (30 or older), while the predicate device is only on
patients above the age of 40. The subject device allows for the user of gated CT images, while the predicate device allows for the input of
non-gated chest CT images.

The differences in the two indications for use statement do not raise different safety and effectiveness questions because the differences
are summarized as additional functionality that is offered by the predicate device in comparison to the subject device. The similarities in
the two indications for use statements show that the same modality, non-contrast Computed Tomography DICOM images of adult
patients and analysis of coronary artery calcification.

Technological Comparison                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

The technology utilized by the subject and predicate devices to provide information for coronary artery calcification analysis is the same
as both utilize deep learning based algorithms.
Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)

The TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT device underwent a retrospective cohort studywhere ground truth was established and
compared to the output of the device.

The ground truth data to be used is established based on the data management plan. At least 50% of the ground truth data is from the
US divided between multiple locations. 422 adult patients are included in the cohort meeting following the inclusion/exclusion criteria:
Adult patients (30 years and older), with a CT scan following a Calcium score CT scan protocol without contrast and coverage of the
heart. Patient scans with CT artifacts that make the image unsuitable for the clinical use case, patients with previous and established
ischemic cardiac diseases such as IMA, bypass grafts, stents and PTCS, scans with not enough slice coverage of the anatomy resulting in
suboptimal imaging, pre-existing cardiac devices or electrodes, low dose CT's and CT contrast enhanced images were excluded from the
bench testing.

For each study, annotator segments all coronary vessels and applies threshold to create
calcification mask within vessels. 4 vessel classes:
* left main coronary artery (LM)
* left anterior descending coronary artery (LAD)
* left circumflex coronary artery (LCX)
* right coronary artery (RCA)
Each study will be processed by 3 different annotators.
Agatston classification: Acceptance criteria: TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT identify calcium masks accurately enough so that
when the associated Agatston scores for the 4 Agatston classes, at >= 8 0 / accuracy with a lower bound 95% confidence interval >=
75%. Please note that the TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT does not output Agatston scores. The Agatston classes of no
evidence and minimal were combined due to a single pixel difference between the 2 groups and limited clinical value. The final
calcification ground truth for the calcification segmentation masks is attained by majority vote among the segmentation results from the
3 annotators. Basically, a voxel will be part of final ground truth calcification mask if it is in at least 2 of the masks defined by the three
annotators.

Revised Agatston Score Classes
*no evidence of CAD OR minimal:0-10 calcium score
*mild: 11-1 00
*moderate: 101-400
* severe: >400
Our power analysis assumes 90-95% accuracy per class. Over 10K simulations we found a power of 93% to 99% per class when sample
size was set to >=75 per class. Thus, the total power across the 4 classes was >80%. We used the Wilson binomial confidence interval.
Accuracy acceptance criteria of 0.80 was chosen to be consistent with results found using similar Al in the literature (Ma 2019, de Vos
2017) and sufficient to improve prediction of CVD events (Naghavi 2024).
Vessel calcification classification
Acceptance criteria: TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT segments calcifications and classify them by vessel at >= 80% DICE with a
lower bound 95% confidence interval >= 75%. The ground truth vessel of calcification is attained by majority vote among the 3
annotators (LM, LAD, LCX, RCA). Power analysis assuming 85% DICE shows sufficient power given the forementioned sample size.

Following the execution of the study, it was determined that the TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT device passed the
acceptance criteria established in the study based on the following results:

The test results confirm that TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT provides accurate segmentation of calcified plaques within the
coronary arteries both at the global level and within individual coronary branches (LAD, LCX, LM, RCA). Segmentation performance,
measured by Dice similarity coefficient against expert annotations, consistently exceeded the predefined acceptance criteria (280% Dice
with lower 95% Cl 275%), demonstrating reliable identification of calcified plaques across the testing population. Furthermore, the
device demonstrated robust segmentation and classification performance as indicated by Agatston categories (0-10, 11-100, 101-400,
>400), with mean accuracies exceeding 94% and 95% Cl lower bounds above 75%. Subgroup analyses confirmed that this performance
is consistent across sex, age groups, vendors, and acquisition sites, supporting the robustness of the segmentation and classification
output across different Agatston categories.

The test results support the conclusion that the TeraRecon Cardiovascular.Calcification.CT device is as safe and as effective as the
predicate device cleared under K233211.