PIUR Imaging GmbH
℅ Jennifer Willner
President
JW Regulatory Consulting LLC
406 Wacouta St, Suite 417
Saint Paul, Minnesota 55101
                                                              June 30, 2025

Re: K250484
    Trade/Device Name: PIUR tUS inside
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 29, 2025
    Received: May 29, 2025

Dear Jennifer Willner:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250484 - Jennifer Willner                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K250484 - Jennifer Willner                                                            Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250484                                                           I
Device Name
 I PIUR tUS inside

Indications for Use (Describe)
 PlUR tUS inside System  is a computer-aided detection device intended to assist and support
 medical professionals in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and thyroid nodules acquired from FDAcleared ultrasound systems, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. The device
 supports the physician with additional information during image review, including quantification and
 visualization of sonographic characteristics of thyroid nodules.

 PlUR tUS inside System may be used on any adult patient aged 22 and older, independent of
 gender, linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications
 apply.

 The PlUR tUS inside System acts as part of the diagnostic chain and must not be used as a sole
 source for treatment decisions, but as an add-on solution to regular 2D ultrasound imaging.

 The PlUR tUS inside System  is not intended for body contact (including skin, mucosal membrane,
 breached or compromised surfaces, blood path indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or circulation blood).
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

PIUR tUS inside
                                                              K250484

 510(K) SUMMARY
 510(k) Number: K250484
 Date Prepared: June 27, 2025

 Table 1: Submitter Information
  Manufacturer:                             Manufacturer’s Contact Person:
  PIUR Imaging GmbH                    Milos Stojanovic
  Kaiserstrasse 8/1/11                        Quality & Regulatory Affairs Manager
  1050 Vienna Austria                      Phone: +43 681 815 912 47
 US FDA ERN: Pending                    Email: stojanovic@piurimaging.com

 Table 2: Device Information
  Trade Name            PIUR tUS inside
 Common Name          PIUR tUS inside
  Classification Name         Picture Archiving and Communications System
  Regulation               21 CFR 892.2050
  Product Code           QIH
  Regulatory Classification:   Class II
  Device Panel:              Radiology (OHT8)

The PIUR tUS inside System is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared predicate PIUR
tUS Infinity (Table 3). Neither of these have been subject to a design-related recall.

 Table 3: Predicate Devices
   Predicate Device          Manufacturer         FDA 510(k)
 PIUR tUS Infinity        PIUR Imaging GmbH          K240036

Device Description

PIUR tUS inside is a medical device which enhances standard ultrasound devices with a threedimensional (3D) tomographic imaging method for a 3D analysis of ultrasound volumes. With
PIUR tUS inside, examining physicians can make diagnostic decisions based on standard 2D as
well as 3D image data integrated in an ultrasound device environment. This 3D data provides
information which previously could have only been generated using other 3D imaging
technologies like CT or MRI.

The PIUR tUS inside runs on a compatible GE Healthcare ultrasound system. The PIUR tUS
inside takes as an input a sequence of 2D ultrasound images that are transmitted through a
software interface from the ultrasound to the PIUR tUS inside. In addition, the PIUR Sensor
must be clipped onto the ultrasound transducer using individually designed PIUR Brackets. For
image acquisition, the user moves the 2D ultrasound transducer perpendicular to the structure to
be imaged over the region of interest of the patient’s body. An inertial measurement unit (IMU),


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


which is built into the PIUR Sensor, tracks the orientation of the transducer during the scan and
sends this information to the ultrasound via Bluetooth.

The PIUR tUS inside combines image information and sensor information to generate
tomographic 3D ultrasound volumes on which image analysis can be performed. An important
property of this method is the unlimited length of the acquired volume. PIUR tUS inside
therefore allows recording and analyzing a complete thyroid lobe.

The PIUR tUS inside and the PIUR tUS Infinity Predicate Device share most hardware and
software components and algorithms. On the hardware side, both systems use the same PIUR
Sensor to track probe movement during a freehand ultrasound acquisition. The data from the
PIUR Sensor is transferred wirelessly through a Bluetooth connection to the software where it is
being used to generate ultrasound volumes from the freehand sweep. Both systems also share the
same volume compounding software algorithms, semi-automatic lobe and nodule segmentation
algorithms, and volume calculation algorithms. The performance for image compounding and
volume calculations are therefore the same for both systems.

The main difference between the PIUR tUS inside System and the Predicate Device is the
interface for image retrieval. While the Predicate Device uses the Infinity Box to transfer digital
ultrasound images from a third-party ultrasound system to the software through a Wi-Fi
connection, the PIUR tUS inside has direct access to the image stream through a software
interface. It runs directly on the compatible ultrasound scanners: GE Healthcare LOGIQ E10
(K231966) and GE Healthcare LOGIQ E10s/Fortis (K231989). This, however, is not
performance relevant as the image data remains the same. It only reduces the number of
compatible ultrasound systems as a close collaboration with the ultrasound manufacturer is
required.
The PIUR tUS inside System acts as part of the diagnostic chain only and must not be used as a
sole source for diagnostic or treatment decisions.
The solution is intended to be used on patients aged 22 and older, independent of gender,
linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications apply, in
a non-sterile environment. The solution is not intended to be used on patients with open wounds
or irritated skin or during surgery.

Indications for Use

PIUR tUS inside System is a computer-aided detection device intended to assist and support
medical professionals in the diagnostic workflow of thyroid and thyroid nodules acquired from
FDA-cleared ultrasound systems, including image documentation, analysis, and reporting. The
device supports the physician with additional information during image review, including
quantification and visualization of sonographic characteristics of thyroid nodules.

PIUR tUS inside System may be used on any adult patient aged 22 and older, independent of
gender, linguistic and cultural background, or health status, unless any of the contraindications
apply.


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


The PIUR tUS inside System acts as part of the diagnostic chain and must not be used as a sole
source for treatment decisions, but as an add-on solution to regular 2D ultrasound imaging.

PIUR tUS inside System is not intended for body contact (including skin, mucosal membrane,
breached or compromised surfaces, blood path indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or circulation
blood).

Technological Characteristics

The PIUR tUS inside system provides the following functions:
   •  Use of ultrasound image post-processing to aid in the diagnosis of thyroid diseases.
   •  Operates in combination with hardware to generate 3D volumes. The PIUR Sensor is
       connected to the ultrasound transducer to detect probe movement for spatial 3D
       information. This use of hardware allows for reduced inter- and intra-observer variability
      compared to 2D ultrasound.
   •  Provides volumetric information as diagnostic output for the thyroid lobe and nodule as
        additional information. This includes nodule volume, which can be important for
       evaluating nodule growth over time.

Performance Standards

PIUR tUS inside has been developed in conformance with the following standards and FDA
guidance, as applicable:
   •  ISO 13485:2016, Quality management systems – Requirements for regulatory purposes
   •  ISO 14971:2019, Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
   •  IEC 62366-1:2015, Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
       medical devices
   •  IEC 62304:2015, Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
   •  IEC 82304-1:2016, Health Software Part 1: General Requirements for Product Safety
   •  EN 301 489-1 V2.2.3 (2019-11) – Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standard for
       radio equipment and services; Part I: common technical requirements; Harmonized
       standard covering essential requirements of article 3.1b of Directive 2014/53/EU and the
        essential requirements of article 6 of Directive 2014/30/EU
   •  EN 301 489-17 V3.2.4:2020 – Electromagnetic compatibility and Radio spectrum
       Matters (ERM); Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) standard for radio equipment; Part
       17: Specific conditions for Broadband Data Transmission Systems
   •  IEC 60601-1:2013 – Medical electrical equipment – Part 1: General requirements for
       basic safety and essential performance


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


   •  IEC 60601-1-2:2014 – Medical electrical equipment General requirements for basic
        safety and essential performance. Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances.
      Requirements and tests
   •  IEC 60601-2-37:2016 – Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements
        for the basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and
       monitoring equipment
   •  ISO 15223-1:2021, Medical devices — Symbols to be used with information to be
       supplied by the manufacturer — Part 1: General requirements
   •  IEC 60417:2002, Graphical symbols for use on equipment
   • NEMA PS 3.1-3.20:2023, Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
   •  Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
       Devices, September 2023
   •  Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology
      Device Data – Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions, September 2022
PIUR tUS inside has been designed to meet cybersecurity requirements using design
vulnerability assessments utilizing the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS),
providing open source and 3rd party libraries in the SBOM’s and performing gray box
penetration testing.

Performance Data

The PIUR tUS inside system complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in
Medicine), developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical
Manufacturers Association – NEMA PS 3.1-3.20.
PIUR Imaging conducted performance validation testing along with software verification and
validation testing of the PIUR tUS inside System. Software performance, verification and
validation testing demonstrated that the PIUR tUS inside System met all design requirements and
specifications.
Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the PIUR tUS inside. The testing complies
with the applicable sections of IEC 60601-1:2013, Medical electrical equipment – Part 1:
General requirements for basic safety and essential performance, IEC 60601-1-2:2014, Medical
electrical equipment – Part 1-2: General requirements for the basic safety and essential
performance – Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility – Requirements and tests, and
IEC 60601-2-37:2016, Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-37: Particular requirements for the
basic safety and essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring
equipment. An additional white-noise test verified that the use of the wireless PIUR tUS inside
equipment does not induce any additional white noise band in the ultrasound image, and
therefore, does not degrade the quality of ultrasound images.


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


Together with software verification and validation, safety and performance testing demonstrated
that PIUR tUS inside system satisfies all design requirements and device specifications and is
substantially equivalent to the Predicate Device.

Substantial Equivalence

In comparison with the Predicate Device (K240036), the PIUR tUS inside System has the same
intended use / indications, technological characteristics and principles of operation as described
in the comparison table below.
Table 4: Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table
     Description                Subject Device                 Predicate Device (K240036)
 Product Name     PIUR tUS inside                  PIUR tUS Infinity
 Manufacturer     PIUR Imaging GmbH               PIUR Imaging GmbH
 Product Code /                QIH / 21CFR 892.2050             QIH / 21CFR 892.2050 Regulation
                                               PIUR tUS Infinity is a computer-                 PIUR tUS inside is a computer-aided                                                             aided detection device intended to                       detection device intended to assist and                                                                          assist and support the medical                      support the medical professionals in the                                                                  professionals in the diagnostic                       diagnostic workflow of thyroid and                                                       workflow of thyroid and thyroid                       thyroid nodules acquired from FDA-                                                            nodules acquired from FDA-cleared                       cleared ultrasound systems, including                                                               ultrasound systems, including image                   image documentation, analysis, and                                                            documentation, analysis, and                        reporting. The device supports the                                                                    reporting. The device supports the                      physician with additional information                                                               physician with additional                      during image review, including                                                              information during image review,                        quantification and visualization of                                                               including quantification and                     sonographic characteristics of thyroid Indications for                                                  visualization of sonographic                       nodules. Use                                                                 characteristics of thyroid nodules.
                 PIUR tUS inside may be used on any                                               PIUR tUS Infinity may be used on                        adult patient aged 22 and older,                                                       any adult patient aged 22 and older,                     independent of gender, age, linguistic                                                            independent of gender, age,                    and cultural background, or health                                                                        linguistic and cultural background,                          status, unless any of the                                                                or health status, unless any of the                       contraindications apply.                                                                  contraindications apply.
                 PIUR tUS inside device is not intended                                               PIUR tUS Infinity device is not                        for body contact (including skin,                                                              intended for body contact (including                    mucosal membrane, breached or                                                                     skin, mucosal membrane, breached                   compromised surfaces, blood path                                                                or compromised surfaces, blood path                          indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or                                                                        indirect, tissues, bones, dentin, or                        circulation blood).                                                                    circulation blood).


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


     Description                Subject Device                 Predicate Device (K240036)
                  The device performs 2D to 3D
                       reconstruction to generate volumetric
                       data of a thyroid. User-selected
                    computer vision and machine learning
                      algorithm suggested volumes of thyroid Functional                      lobe and nodules are visualized to be Capability of                                     Same                     confirmed by user. Based on that Image Processing                      segmentation, quantification of nodules
                        for sonographic characteristics
                      (hyperechoic foci, echogenicity, texture,
                     margin, orientation and anechoic areas)
                            is being performed and visualized.
                       Direct access to the image stream          Infinity Box transfers digital image
 Image Retrieval     through the software interface run       from 3rd Party ultrasound system to
 Interface             directly on the compatible ultrasound     the software through WiFi
                      scanner                                connection
                    Device provides quantification and
                        visualization of sonographic Reading                         characteristics based on 3D volumetric   Same Paradigm                         data. Results provide proposals to be
                     reviewed and confirmed by physicians.
 ACR TI-RADS     Manual approach whereby user                                                Same Classification         classifies 5 ACR TI-RADS parameters
                  The device can export volumetric data,
                      annotated screenshots and reports. Output Generated                     Report can contain both sides of the     Same by the Device                        patient and includes all relevant
                       diagnostic information.
 Type of Film to be
 Processed by the     Digital ultrasound videoclip (cineloop)   Same
 Device
                   Based on computer vision, machine
 Software Design     learning, pattern recognition and       Same
                        quantification method.
                  The ground truth to be established for    Same
 Ground Truth      performance studies of the device are
 Establishment       annotated data sets labeled by medical
                          specialists.
 Platform          Windows-based                   Same
 Operating System   Ultrasound System                     Standard PC or review station


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


     Description                Subject Device                 Predicate Device (K240036)
 Clinical                     Thyroid Lesions                   Same Application
 Image Type         Ultrasound volume image            Same
              DICOM format:
                    Secondary Capture Image Storage -
                       1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7
                     Multi-frame Grayscale Byte Secondary
                     Capture Image Storage -
 Image Format       1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7.2           Same
                     Multi-frame True Color Secondary
                     Capture Image Storage -
                       1.2.840.10008.5.1.4.1.1.7.4
                     Refer to: DICOM-Conformance
                    Statement-PIUR tUS inside System
 ROI                  Yes                            Same Quantification
 Automatically
 Generating        Yes                            Same
 Report
 Performance        Results from standalone performance
 Testing Data to      testing of machine learning algorithm                                                Same Support SE         suggested ROIs of user-selected
 Determination      nodules
                                                                       Infinity Box
                 PIUR Sensor
 Device                                         PIUR Sensor                 PIUR Bracket Components                                     PIUR Bracket
                        inside Software
                                                                       Infinity Software
 DICOM                  Yes                            Same Compliance
                     Acquire medical image data from
 Data Acquisition   DICOM compliant Ultrasound imaging  Same
                      device
 Data / Image                     Ultrasound image via DICOM format    Same Types


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025

PIUR tUS inside


Conclusions

The PIUR tUS inside system performs as intended and presents no unacceptable risks to the
intended patient population. The performance testing supports the safety of the device and
demonstrates that the PIUR tUS inside system performs as intended in the specified use
conditions. The PIUR tUS inside system is substantially equivalent in intended use,
technological characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed
Predicate Device (K240036).


PIUR Imaging                                                              June 2025