March 21, 2025

GetSet Surgical, SA
℅ Christine Scifert
Partner
MRC Global
9085 East Mineral Circle
Suite 110
Centennial, Colorado 80112


Re: K250186
    Trade/Device Name: GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 888.3080
    Regulation Name: Intervertebral body fusion device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MAX
    Dated: January 16, 2025
    Received: January 22, 2025

Dear Christine Scifert:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250186 - Christine Scifert                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250186 - Christine Scifert                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Brent Showalter -S

                                            Brent Showalter, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6B: Division of Spinal Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

K250186 - Page 1 of 1
             DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
  K250186
Device Name
 GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The GetSet GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion (IBF) system is indicated for interbody fusion with
 autograft and/or allogeneic bone graft comprised of cancellous and/or corticocancellous bone graft in
 patients with symptomatic Degenerative Disc Disease (DDD) at either one or two contiguous levels
  in the lumbar spine, from L1-L2 to L5-S1. These DDD patients may also have up to Grade  1
 Spondylolisthesis or retrolisthesis at the involved levels. DDD  is defined as discogenic back pain
 with degeneration of the disc confirmed by history and radiographic studies. These patients should
 be skeletally mature and have had six months of non-operative treatment. These implants may be
 implanted via an open or a minimally invasive posterior approach. Alternatively, these implants may
 also be implanted via a transforaminal approach. These devices are intended to be used with
 supplemental posterior fixation, which has been cleared by the FDA for use in the lumbar spine.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           [Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)          ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250186 - Page 1 of 3


                                        510(k) Summary
                           GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System
                                      January 21, 2025


               Company:  GetSet Surgical SA
                            Route de la Corniche 4
                           1066 Epalinges
                                Switzerland

            Primary Contact:  Christine Scifert – Partner
                     MRC Global
                           9085 E. Mineral Cir., Suite 110
                                Centennial, CO 80112
                             Phone: (901) 831-8053
                                Email: christine.scifert@AskMRCGlobal.com

       Company/Secondary  Jowita Sokalska
                   Contact:  Quality and Regulatory Manager
                             GetSet Surgical SA
                             Phone: +48 605044 250
                               js@getsetsurgical.com

               Trade Name:  GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System

         Common Name:  Intervertebral Fusion Device with Bone Graft , Lumbar

                Classification:  Class II

                  Regulation:  21 CFR 888.3080 (Intervertebral Fusion Device With Bone Graft,
                            Lumbar)

                      Panel:  Orthopedic

              Product Code:  MAX

          Primary Predicate:  Nuvasive CoRoent Lumbar System (Large Platform) – K151472


Device Description:

The GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System are sterile implantable cages and sterile instruments
intended to be inserted into the intervertebral body space of the lumbosacral spine and intended for
intervertebral body fusion. The GetSet GoLIF! implants are designed to restore the biomechanical
integrity of the anterior, middle, and posterior spinal column.
The implants are designed for a unilateral posterior transforaminal (TLIF) approach or posterior lumbar
interbody fusion (PLIF) approach. It is specially designed for small incision (minimally invasive), resulting

K250186 - Page 2 of 3


in a relatively atraumatic operation for the patient. Implants, used with supplemental fixation and bone
graft, provide improved stability, height restoration and lordosis to optimize fusion.
Based on anatomical reasons, implants will be offered in lengths of 22mm and 26mm, heights of 8-14mm
in 1mm increments, and at a width of 10mm. The implant has a tapered tip to allow distraction upon
insertion, and teeth on the superior and inferior surfaces help the implant to resist expulsion and to resist
implant migration. The dome shape allows for 7-18 degree lordosis when placed at a TLIF Oblique or PLIF
position whilst maintaining coronal alignment due to the neutral region in the mid-section of the implant
when positioned in a lateral position. The openings allow for packing of bone graft.

The GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System also includes instruments to facilitate implantation of the
subject implant devices.  Instruments are manufactured from Polyacrylamide (IXEF), Polybutylene
terephthalate (PBT), and medical grade stainless steel.

The GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System was the subject of two previously withdrawn submissions –
K201409 and K230368. During the course of review for both of those submissions, the Agency requested
additional information. All changes provided to FDA in previous responses to AI and interactive questions
have been embedded in the subject submission and the outstanding questions that remained regarding
packaging and biocompatibility are addressed in those corresponding sections.


Indications for Use:

The GetSet GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion (IBF) system is indicated for interbody fusion with autograft
and/or allogeneic bone graft comprised of cancellous and/or corticocancellous bone graft in patients with
symptomatic Degenerative Disc Disease (DDD) at either one or two contiguous levels in the lumbar spine,
from L1-L2 to L5-S1. These DDD patients may also have up to Grade 1 Spondylolisthesis or retrolisthesis
at the involved levels. DDD is defined as discogenic back pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by
history and radiographic studies. These patients should be skeletally mature and have had six months of
non-operative treatment. These implants may be implanted via an open or a minimally invasive posterior
approach. Alternatively, these implants may also be implanted via a transforaminal approach. These
devices are intended to be used with supplemental posterior fixation, which has been cleared by the FDA
for use in the lumbar spine.

Substantial Equivalence:

The subject GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System is substantially equivalent to the following
predicate devices:
Primary Predicate:
   ●  NuVasive CoRoent® Lumbar System (Large Platform) – K151472


The subject device GoLIF! Lumbar Interbody Fusion System was shown to be substantially equivalent and
have the same technological characteristics to the previously FDA cleared predicate device through
comparison in areas including design, intended use, material composition, function, and sterilization
method. Any technical differences, which were identified and discussed in this submission, do not result
in new questions of safety or effectiveness.

K250186 - Page 3 of 3

Performance Testing:

Mechanical testing, including static and dynamic axial compression and static and dynamic compression
shear per ASTM F2077, as well as subsidence per ASTM F2267 and expulsion have been performed on the
subject  GoLIF!  Interbody  Fusion  System  devices  and  the  results  have shown them  to  be
substantially equivalent to the predicate interbody devices. Limulus Amebocyte Lysate (LAL) testing was
was conducted in accordance with ANSI/AAMI ST72 to confirm the device does not exceed the limit of
20 EU per device and all samples met acceptance criteria.


Conclusion:

Based on the performance analysis and the comparison to the predicate devices, the subject
device is determined to be substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.