Axial Medical Printing Limited
℅ May Lee
Senior Consultant
CS Lifesciences Ltd
Suite 10, Dunswood House
1 Dunswood Road, Cumbernauld
Glasgow, G67 3EN
United Kingdom                                               September 18, 2025

Re: K250369
    Trade/Device Name: Axial3D Insight
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 19, 2025
    Received: August 19, 2025

Dear May Lee:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250369 - May Lee                                                                  Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K250369 - May Lee                                                                  Page  3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250369                                                           I
Device Name
 Axial3D Insight

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Axial3D Insight is intended for use as a cloud-based service and image segmentation framework for
 the transfer of DICOM imaging information from a medical scanner to an output file.
 The Axial3D Insight output file can be used for the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file
 using additive manufacturing methods. The output file or physical replica can be used for treatment
 planning.
 The output file or the physical replica can be used for diagnostic purposes  in the field of trauma,
 orthopedic, maxillofacial and cardiovascular applications. Axial3D Insight should be used in
 conjunction with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical judgment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


    1.  510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CRF 807.92.


Date Prepared: September 17, 2025

    2.  Applicant Information

Axial Medical Printing Limited
17A Ormeau Avenue
Belfast BT2 8HD
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)28 90183590

    3.  Contact Person

May Lee, Senior Consultant
Suite 10, Dunnswood House
1 Dunnswood Road,
Cumbernauld, Glasgow G67 3EN
United Kingdom
Email: may@cslifesciences.com

    4.  Device Information

 Trade Name              Axial3D Insight
 Common Name          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Classification number      892.2050
 Regulatory Class                  II
 Product Code           QIH


    5.  Predicate Device

Table 5 - Predicate Device

         Name                     Manufacturer                     510(k)#

         Axial3D Insight             Axial Medical Printing Limited            K232841

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices were used in this
submission.

    6.  Device Description

Axial3D Insight is a secure, highly available cloud-based image processing, segmentation and 3D
modelling framework for the transfer of imaging information either as a digital file or as a 3D printed
physical model.

             a.  Indications for Use

Axial3D Insight is intended for use as a cloud-based service and image segmentation framework for the
transfer of DICOM imaging information from a medical scanner to an output file.

The Axial3D Insight output file can be used for the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file using
additive manufacturing methods.

The output file or physical replica can be used for treatment planning.

The output file or the physical replica can be used for diagnostic purposes in the field of trauma,
orthopedic, maxillofacial, and cardiovascular applications.

Axial3D Insight should be used with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical judgment.

    7.  Comparison of Intended Use to Predicate and Reference Devices

Table 2 – Predicate Device Comparison: Intended Use

                         Axial3D Insight        Axial3D Insight (Predicate      Attribute                                                       Comparison                      (Proposed Device)               Device)

Device Manufacturer  Axial Medical Printing Limited     Axial Medical Printing Limited          N/A

   Device Name             Axial3D Insight                  Axial3D Insight                N/A
  Device Trade or                               Axial3D Insight                  Axial3D Insight                N/A  Proprietary Name

   510(k) Number            K250369                    K232841                  N/A

 Device Regulation   Automated Radiological Image   Automated Radiological Image                                                                                                Equivalent     Name              Processing Software             Processing Software
 Device Regulation                          21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050              Equivalent     Number
  Device Product                              QIH                       QIH                     Equivalent      Code


                                                                            2

K250369
                                                                    Traditional 510(k) Notification


                        Axial3D Insight        Axial3D Insight (Predicate     Attribute                                                       Comparison                     (Proposed Device)               Device)
     Device                                 Class II                        Class II                   EquivalentClassification FDA

                       Axial3D Insight is intended for
                   use as a cloud-based service and Axial3D Insight is intended for use
                    image segmentation framework    as a cloud-based service and
                                for the transfer of DICOM    image segmentation framework for
                        imaging information from a      the transfer of DICOM imaging
                     medical scanner to an output file. information from a medical scanner
                    The Axial3D Insight output file            to an output file.
                     can be used for fabrication of  The Axial3D Insight output file can
                       physical replicas of the output file be used for fabrication of physical
                        using additive manufacturing     replicas of the output file using
                               methods.              additive manufacturing methods.
                  The output file or physical replica The output file or physical replica
Indication for Use     can be used for treatment       can be used for treatment           Equivalent
                                   planning.                         planning.
                  The output file or physical replica The output file or physical replica
                      can be used for diagnostic       can be used for diagnostic
                     purposes in the field of trauma,   purposes in the field of trauma,
                          orthopedic, maxillofacial, and     orthopedic, maxillofacial, and
                          cardiovascular applications.       cardiovascular applications.

                     Axial3D Insight should be used in Axial3D Insight should be used in
                       conjunction with other diagnostic  conjunction with other diagnostic
                              tools and expert clinical      tools and expert clinical judgement.
                               judgement.

                                                             Axial Medical Printing Limited,                          Axial Medical Printing Limited,                                                     Axial3D Insight provides patient-                      Axial3D Insight provides patient-                                                              specific 1:1 scale replica models,                         specific 1:1 scale replica models,                                                               either as a digital file or as a 3D                          either as a digital file or as a 3D                                                                printed physical model.                             printed physical model.
                                               The digital file or 3D printed                     The digital file or 3D printed                                                          physical model is intended to be                        physical model is intended to be                                                  used in conjunction with the                      used in conjunction with the                                       DICOM images and expert clinical                  DICOM images and expert                                                     judgement. The applications for                                  clinical judgement. The                                                        using the physical 3D printed                            applications for using the                                                model as a presurgical planning  Intended Use      physical 3D printed model as a                                         Equivalent                                                                        tool are as follows:                         presurgical planning tool are as
                                       follows:              Preoperative planning of surgical
                                                          treatment options including                      Preoperative planning of surgical                                                       planning for surgical instruments,                         treatment options including                                                          aiding decisions on implants, and                      planning for surgical instruments,                                                          aiding the surgical treatment plan.,                        aiding decisions on implants, and                                                                       All planning using the 3D replica                          aiding the surgical treatment                                                model should be carried out with                           plan., All planning using the 3D                                                          the assistance of the DICOM                          replica model should be carried                                                           images                         out with the assistance of the
                      DICOM images         Communication with the surgical
                                                 team to discuss the surgical

                                                                           3

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


                         Axial3D Insight        Axial3D Insight (Predicate      Attribute                                                       Comparison                      (Proposed Device)               Device)
                     Communication with the surgical  treatment plan in conjunction with
                      team to discuss the surgical         DICOM images
                        treatment plan in conjunction with Communication with the patient to
                       DICOM images         discuss the surgical treatment plan
                      Communication with the patient  in conjunction with DICOM images
                           to discuss the surgical treatment     Education tool for surgical
                        plan in conjunction with DICOM                                                                       planning.
                               images                                              The 3D printed physical model can
                          Education tool for surgical                                               be used for surgical planning in the
                                     planning.                    following applications:
                    The 3D printed physical model  orthopedics, trauma, maxillofacial,
                     can be used for surgical planning      and cardiac surgery.
                                in the following applications:
                               orthopedics, trauma,
                                maxillofacial, and cardiac
                                     surgery.

                    Used in conjunction with other   Used in conjunction with other
   Method of Use       diagnostic tools and expert    diagnostic tools and expert clinical       Equivalent
                                       clinical judgment.                   judgment.

 Use Environment               Hospital                          Hospital                   Equivalent

OTC or Prescription                                  Prescription Use                  Prescription Use               Equivalent      Device

                       Complies with FDA Guidance    Complies with FDA Guidance      V&V                                                                                 Equivalent                              Requirement                   Requirement

                                                                                                    Different – the premise                              Will have access to approved      Will have access to approved     PCCP                                                                                    of this 510k is to have                         PCCP                  PCCP                                                                                            the PCCP approved


    8.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics to the Predicate Device and Reference
       Device

Table 3 Predicate Comparison: Technology

                       Axial3D Insight        Axial3D Insight (Predicate     Attribute                                                       Comparison                    (Proposed Device)               Device)

 Method of Use        software interface             software interface             Equivalent

   Computer                       Microsoft Edge (v104),         Microsoft Edge (v104),  Platform and                                                                    Equivalent                    Safari(v15), Chrome (v103), or Safari(v15), Chrome (v103), or    Operating                             equivalent                     equivalent    System


                                                                            4

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


                       Axial3D Insight        Axial3D Insight (Predicate     Attribute                                                       Comparison                    (Proposed Device)               Device)

   Supported                                                                      Equivalent                   CT and CTA             CT and CTA    Modalities

     Image                         Yes                     Yes                   Equivalent   registration

  Segmentation   A combination of automated  A combination of automated                                                                                    Equivalent    Features       tools with smart editing tools   tools with smart editing tools

      View
Manipulation and                         Yes                     Yes                   Equivalent    Volume
   Rendering

                      Orthopedics / Trauma         Orthopedics / Trauma
  Regions and          Cardiovascular               Cardiovascular
   Volumes of                                                                     Equivalent                        Cranio- Maxillofacial           Cranio- Maxillofacial   Interest (ROI)


Region/volume of
      interest
 measurements            Yes                     Yes                   Equivalent
    and size
 measurements

 Region/Volume                         Yes                     Yes                   Equivalent  Quantification


    9.  Performance Data

             a.  Axial3D Insight Device Validation

Axial3D performed software design verification and validation testing on all three software components of
the device. Axial3D has conducted software verification and validation, in accordance with the FDA
guidance, General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, issued on
January 11, 2002. All software requirements and risk analysis have been successfully verified and traced.

In addition to the human factors validation of the Axial3D Insight device, Axial3D conducted two validation
studies - the Clinical Segmentation performance and the Intended Use of the device output - the 3D
patient specific model.


                                                                            5

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


The Clinical Segmentation Performance study was conducted with 3 radiologists reviewing the
segmentation of 12 cases across the fields of Orthopedics, Trauma, Maxillofacial and Cardiovascular.
Axial3D adopted a peer reviewed medical imaging review framework of RADPEER* to capture the
assessment and feedback from the radiologists involved - all cases were scored within the acceptance
criteria of 1 or 2a.

* "ACR RADPEER committee white paper with 2016 updates: revised scoring system, new classifications, selfreview, and subspecialized reports." Journal of the American College of Radiology 14.8 (2017): 1080-1086.

The Intended Use validation study of the device was conducted with 9 physicians reviewing 12 cases
across the fields of Orthopedics, Trauma, Maxillofacial and Cardiovascular, as defined in the Intended
Use statement of the device. This study concluded successful validation of the 3D models produced by
Axial3D demonstrating the device outputs satisfied end user needs and indications for use.

            b.  AxialML Machine Learning Validation

AxialML machine learning models are used to generate an initial segmentation of cases, however the
output of these models is not used in isolation to produce the final 3D patient specific model. The
segmentations produced by the AxialML machine learning models are used by Axial3D trained staff who
complete the final segmentation and validation of the quality of each 3D patient specific model produced.

AxialML machine learning models were independently verified and validated before inclusion in the
Axial3D Insight device. Details of the data used in the validation of each machine learning model is
provided below.

Table 4: Software Validation Data

                    Cardiac CT/CTa    Neuro CT/CTa       Ortho CT        Trauma CT
 Number of
 Images Used for         4,838              4,041             10,857            19,134
 Validation
 Slice Spacing
 Range                   0.4 - 0.8           0.44 - 1.0            0.3 - 2.0            0.2 - 2.0
 (Min, Max in mm)
 Slice Spacing
 Average                  0.54               0.63               0.79               0.76
 (in mm)
 Pixel Size Range                        0.23 - 0.78         0.34 - 0.70         0.18 - 0.98         0.22 - 0.98 (Min, Max in mm)
 Pixel Size                           0.46               0.51               0.44                 0. 51 Average (mm)
*NeuroCT/CTa model is used for cardiology cases.

The variety of image scanner manufacturers and models used within the validation dataset are listed
below.

                                                                            6

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


 Manufacturer                             Model
 GE Medical Systems                             Lightspeed Pro 16
                                                 Lightspeed Pro 32
                                                   Revolution CT
                                             Optima CT660
                                                 Discovery CT750 HD
 Siemens                          SOMATOM Definition Flash
                                SOMATOM Definition Edge
                                SOMATOM Definition AS
                                SOMATOM Definition AS+
                                SOMATOM Perspective
                                SOMATOM Force
                                                 Sensation 16
                                               AXIOM-Artis
                                              Emotion 16
 Phillips                                IQON Spectral CT
                                              iCT 128
                                              iCT 256
                                                     Ingenuity Core 128
                                                           Brilliance 62
 Toshiba                                             Aquillon PRIME
                                                      Aquillon PRIME SP


The AxialML machine learning model training data used during the algorithm development was explicitly
kept separate and independent from the validation data used.

    10. Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)

Axial3D Insight contains a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP), which complies with Section
3308 of the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act (FDORA) of 2022, enacted on December 29, 2022.
Modifications to the AxialML models of Axial3D Insight will be made in accordance with its Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). The PCCP provides a description of the device’s planned modifications, a
modification protocol to test, verify, validate, and implement the modifications in a manner that ensures
the continued safety and effectiveness of the device. This protocol also includes control measures that
mitigate risks associated with changes to the AxialML model components, including an impact
assessment of the planned modifications, to ensure modifications conducted in line with the modification
protocol will not adversely impact the device’s performance, safety, or effectiveness associated with its
indications for use. The modifications outlined in the PCCP are summarized in the table below. In
accordance with the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be trained, tuned, and locked prior to release
of the software to the field. The PCCP does not include provisions for implementation of adaptive
algorithms that will continuously learn in the field.

 Axial3D Insight is a cloud hosted platform, therefore, any software updates resulting from a modification
implemented in line with the authorised PCCP will require no action from the end user. Any impact of the

                                                                            7

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


implemented modification on the device's performance, inputs or use will be detailed in an updated IFU,
which will be made available on the company website in conjunction with the release of a software update
with the implemented modification. This information shall be made available to the user so that they may
understand the changes, if applicable, to the device and continue to use the device safely and effectively
across the relevant intended use populations and within the indications for use. The PCCP specifies a list
of potential modifications to the device software as well as specific verification and validation activities in
place to implement these modifications in a controlled manner such that the modified device remains safe
and effective.

Table 5: Potential Modifications List

 ID             Summary              Trigger for Retrain           Timeframe
                                        Newly available or identified                      Increasing Volume of                                               source(s) of data representing   Reviewed periodically MOD_ML_001       Training, Tuning and                                               the original intended use        every 6 months                      Testing data                                               population
                                                    Internal R&D activities
                                             demonstrating benefits from
                                                 introducing semantic subMOD_ML_002      Semantic Sub-Labeling   labelling that increase the        Within 18 months
                                                effectiveness of AxialML output
                                         as utilized by Axial3D internal
                                             engineers
                                                    Internal R&D activities
                                             demonstrating performance
                                                  benefits from introducing                        Introduction of New                                Reviewed periodically MOD_ML_003                                  assistive labels that increases                       Assistive Labeling                                     every 6 months                                               the effectiveness of AxialML
                                               output as utilized by Axial3D
                                                     internal engineers
                                                    Internal R&D activities
                                             demonstrating performance
                                                  benefits from parameter and                   Model Parameter and                              Reviewed periodically MOD_ML_004                             hyperparameter tuning that                    Hyperparameter Tuning                                every 12 months                                              increases the effectiveness of
                                                  AxialML output as utilized by
                                            Axial3D internal engineers
                                        Newly available library or
                                        dependency updates, of
                                        component utilized in the                    Performance Increasing                             Reviewed periodically MOD_ML_005                                    original device that increases                        Library Updates                                       every 6 months                                               the effectiveness of AxialML
                                               output as utilized by Axial3D
                                                     internal engineers


                                                                            8

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


    11. PCCP Performance Verification & Validation

These activities focus on the specific performance and safety of the modified AxialML machine learning
models themselves, independent of their integration into the broader system. The purpose of these
activities is to verify and validate that the modified ML model meets its design inputs and acceptance
criteria before being considered for integration into the Axial3D Insight device.

    a.  Verification Activities:

Peer Code Review: Ensures the quality and correctness of the underlying code for the AxialML models.

Unit Testing: Verifies individual components or units of the AxialML code function as intended.

Quantitative 3D Medical Image Segmentation Metric Analysis: This is a crucial step where the
performance of the modified ML model is quantitatively assessed using a broad range of independent test
datasets that are representative of the intended use population. We utilize a suite of metrics including
Dice Coefficient, Pixel Accuracy, Area Under the Curve (AUC), Precision, and Recall to provide a robust
indicator of segmentation performance, comparing the candidate modified AxialML model against the
model version from the original submission. These metrics are calculated for each individual label and/or
as an averaged performance. The performance must demonstrate equivalence or improvement to be
considered for the next phase, Validation. This activity serves as a core component of our internal model
development and verification, ensuring that any model modifications conducted in line with the
modification protocol must consistently meet performance standards before further integration and
validation.


    b.  Validation Activities:

Qualitative Assessment using Independent Test Datasets: Once quantitative metrics show promise,
candidate models undergo a qualitative assessment. This involves a pool, minimum of 3, of Axial3D
Medical Visualization Engineers reviewing the segmentations generated by the modified AxialML model,
against segmentations generated from the unmodified model, for a consistent set of independent test
datasets from the original submission. This assessment utilizes a fixed evaluation methodology to define
improved, equivalent or reduced performance based on the AxialML Model Design Input Specifications.
This activity confirms validation by producing objective evidence, that demonstrates each AxialML Model
Design Input Specification has been met and the model output supports Axial Staff in completing
anatomical segmentation for patient-specific 3D models, in line with the device intended use.
Quantitative Assessment using Expert Reference Standard: The validation activities also include the use
of a fixed number of expert reference standards, independently sourced datasets commissioned from US

                                                                            9

K250369
                                                                      Traditional 510(k) Notification


only sites, representative of the intended use population and independently segmented and reviewed by
expert radiologists. These expert reference standards remain unchanged from the original submission
and shall be used as a consistent baseline to determine any potential modification has not adversely
affected the device performance, as determined by comparing the original model baseline vs modified
model performance using a combination of quantitative metrics including DICE, AUC, Precision, Accuracy
and Recall. The mean of the identified quantitative metrics must demonstrate equivalence or an
improvement for the proposed modified AxialML model to be successfully validated in line with the
modification protocol.

Hazard Analysis Review: As part of the Verification & Validation activities, the device hazard analysis is
reviewed to identify and address any potential biases and limitations introduced by the model
modifications, ensuring that any relevant risk control measures, new or modified, are captured and
verified.

    12. Conclusion:

A review of the indication for use, operating environment, device class, method of use, software level of
concern, technical characteristics, and technical specifications indicate the Axial3D Insight is substantially
equivalent to the FDA cleared and marketed device, Axial3D Insight (K232841). Both devices are to be
used as an image segmentation tool to create 3D replicas from 2D medical images. The addition of a
PCCP is the only difference between the proposed device and the predicate and reference devices. The
differences between the proposed device and the predicate device do not raise any new concerns of
safety or efficacy.


                                                                           10