July 28, 2025

Anumana, Inc.
Taylor Gold West
Director, Regulatory Affairs
One Main St, Suite 400
East Arcade, 4th Floor
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142

Re: K250652
    Trade/Device Name: ECG-AI Low Ejection Fraction (LEF) 12-Lead Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2380
    Regulation Name: Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QYE
    Dated: March 4, 2025
    Received: June 27, 2025

Dear Taylor Gold West:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250652 - Taylor Gold West                                                           Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K250652 - Taylor Gold West                                                           Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use

  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                 K250652            ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

ECG-Al Low Ejection Fraction (LEF) 12-Lead algorithm


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?
The ECG-Al LEF 12-Lead algorithm is software intended to aid in earlier detection of Left Ventricular
Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in adults at risk for heart failure. This population
includes, but is not limited to:

 • patients with cardiomyopathies
 • patients who are post-myocardial infarction
 • patients with aortic stenosis
 • patients with chronic atrial fibrillation
 • patients receiving pharmaceutical therapies that are cardiotoxic, and
 • postpartum women.

The ECG-Al LEF 12-Lead algorithm is not intended to be a stand-alone diagnostic device for cardiac
conditions, should not be used for monitoring of patients, and should not be used on ECGs with a paced
rhythm.

A positive result may suggest the need for further clinical evaluation in order to establish a diagnosis of Left
Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%. Additionally, if the patient is at high risk for
the cardiac condition, a negative result should not rule out further non-invasive evaluation.

The ECG-Al LEF 12-Lead Aloorithm should be applied iointlv with clinician iudqment.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  � Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                               ?                                                                   Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D


                                                                                                       Page 1 of 1

ECG-Al Low Ejection Fraction (LEF) 12-Lead algorithm

K250652
                                                  ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead Algorithm 510(k) Summary

                                     510(k) Summary
                    ECG-AI Low Ejection Fraction 12-Lead Algorithm

Submission Number:               K250652

Applicant Name:                  Anumana, Inc.
                             One Main Street, Suite 400
                                       East Arcade 4th Floor
                                   Cambridge, MA 02142

Contact Person:                       Taylor Gold West
                                         Director, Regulatory Affairs
                               Anumana, Inc.
                                  tgoldwest@anumana.ai

Date Summary Prepared:               July 25, 2025


Trade Name                        ECG-AI Low Ejection Fraction (LEF) 12-Lead Algorithm

Regulation Name                      Cardiovascular machine learning-based notification software
Classification Panel                    Cardiovascular
Classification Regulation            21 CFR 870.2380
Device Class                            Class II
Product Code                    QYE
Device Description                 Reduced Ejection Fraction machine learning-based notification
                                    software
Premarket Review                     Cardiovascular Devices (OHT2)/Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                        Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices (DHT2A)

Predicate Device(s):
Device Name:                       ECG-AI Low Ejection Fraction 12-Lead algorithm
Manufacturer:                    Anumana, Inc.
Application Number:                K232699


Submission Purpose
The purpose of this submission is to expand compatibility with other ECG devices from the Philips
Medical Systems PageWriter series (TC50 and TC30, K210560) and describe other changes made since
original clearance of the ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm (K232699).

Device Description
The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm interprets 12-lead ECG voltage times series data using an artificial
intelligence-based algorithm. The device analyzes 10 seconds of a single 12-lead ECG acquisition, and
within seconds provides likelihood of LVEF (ejection fraction less than or equal to 40%) to third party
software. The results are displayed by the third party software on a device such as a smartphone, tablet,


                                       Page 1 of 6

K250652
                                                   ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead Algorithm 510(k) Summary

or PC. The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm was trained to detect Low LVEF using positive and control
cohorts, and the detection of Low LVEF in patients is generated using defined conditions and covariates.

The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm device is intended to address the unmet need for a point-of-care
screen for LVEF less than or equal to 40% and is expected to be used by cardiologists, frontline clinicians
at primary care, urgent care, and emergency care settings, where cardiac imaging may not be available
or may be difficult or unreliable for clinicians to operate. Clinicians will use the ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead
algorithm to aid in earlier detection of LVEF less than or equal to 40% and making a decision for further
cardiac evaluation.

The software module can be integrated into a client application to be accessed by clinicians and results
viewed through an Electronic Medical Record (EMR) system or an ECG Management System (EMS)
accessed via a PC, mobile device, or another medical device. In each case, the physician imports 12-lead
ECG data in digital format. The tool analyzes the 10 seconds or longer duration of voltage data collected
during a standard 12-lead ECG and outputs a binary result of the likelihood of low ejection fraction as an
API result.

Indications for Use
The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm is software intended to aid in earlier detection of Left Ventricular
Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in adults at risk for heart failure. This population
includes, but is not limited to:

    •   patients with cardiomyopathies
    •   patients who are post-myocardial infarction
    •   patients with aortic stenosis
    •   patients with chronic atrial fibrillation
    •   patients receiving pharmaceutical therapies that are cardiotoxic, and
    •  postpartum women.

The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm is not intended to be a stand-alone diagnostic device for cardiac
conditions, should not be used for monitoring of patients, and should not be used on ECGs with a paced
rhythm.

A positive result may suggest the need for further clinical evaluation in order to establish a diagnosis of
Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%. Additionally, if the patient is at high
risk for the cardiac condition, a negative result should not rule out further non-invasive evaluation.

The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm should be applied jointly with clinician judgement.

Technological Characteristics
ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm is provided as a software module packaged in a Docker container to
facilitate installation. Technical installation details including access to docker hub, docker hub path,
software upgrades, and associated access rights can be found in the Installation Manual ECG-AI Low
Ejection Fraction 12-Lead algorithm. ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm does not provide a graphical user
interface (GUI) of its own. It is integrated with other medical systems such as Electronic Medical Record
(EMR) systems or ECG Management Systems (EMS). The third-party integrating software will furnish a


                                       Page 2 of 6

K250652
                                                  ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead Algorithm 510(k) Summary

12-lead ECG digital waveform as input to ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm and record the output from the
device for display or for printing in an offline report.

Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Data
The performance characteristics for the ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm were evaluated through software
verification and labeling verification.

Predetermined Change Control Plan
This device has been cleared by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with a Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). As part of this authorization, the device software may be updated periodically
to enhance performance, including for higher sensitivity and/or specificity.

Each modification will be validated through a multi-center retrospective clinical study that uses a
combination of new and existing data. This approach involves supplementing the validation dataset with
at least 20% new data for each iteration to ensure  it remains current and representative. To be
implemented, a modified version must demonstrate improved performance by meeting pre-specified
acceptance criteria. These criteria require the new version’s sensitivity and specificity point estimates to
be greater than or equal to the previous version, with an improvement shown by either an increased point
estimate or a tighter confidence interval lower bound for at least one of these metrics.

Users will be informed of each applicable update through revised labeling, release notes, or other
appropriate communication channels. It is important to review updated instructions and performance
summaries accompanying each software version to ensure continued proper use of the device.


                                       Page 3 of 6

K250652
                                                                                      ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead Algorithm 510(k) Summary

Substantial Equivalence
The subject device, Anumana ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm (v2.4.0), is substantially equivalent to the predicate, ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm
(v2.3.0, K232699). The devices have equivalent intended uses, and identical principles of operation and technical characteristics. Where
differences occur between the subject device and the predicate, results of non-clinical verification demonstrate that the subject device is as safe
and as effective as the predicate.

                             Table 3: Substantial Equivalence Comparison of Subject Device to the Predicate
                                      Subject Device                               Predicate Device                            Discussion
    Manufacturer                 Anumana Inc.                          Anumana Inc.

   Product Name             ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm                  ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm

 Application No.     K250652                                K232699
 Product Code      QYE                                  QYE                                                Identical.
 Regulation No.      21 CFR 870.2380                           21 CFR 870.2380                                   Identical.
 Regulation Name    Reduced Ejection Fraction machine learning-    Reduced Ejection Fraction machine learning-     Identical.
                    based notification software                   based notification software
 Intended Use/      The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm is software    The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG      Equivalent. The subject device
 Indications for Use   intended to aid in earlier detection of Left       Algorithm is software intended to aid in          indications for use are equivalent to
                       Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or  screening for Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction   the predicate in that the device is
                     equal to 40% in adults at risk for heart failure.    (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in adults at     intended to treat the same patient
                       This population includes, but is not limited to:     risk for heart failure. This population includes,   population.
                                                                 but is not limited to:
                      •   patients with cardiomyopathies                                                 Minor modifications were made (as
                      •   patients who are post-myocardial          •   patients with cardiomyopathies         outlined in the section above).
                                 infarction                             •   patients who are post-myocardial       Changes made to the indications are
                      •   patients with aortic stenosis                      infarction                            not substantial; naming convention
                      •   patients with chronic atrial fibrillation      •   patients with aortic stenosis           and minor modification to verbiage
                      •   patients receiving pharmaceutical         •   patients with chronic atrial fibrillation    (e.g. earlier detection vs screening)
                              therapies that are cardiotoxic, and         •   patients receiving pharmaceutical      do not change the overall intended
                      •   postpartum women.                            therapies that are cardiotoxic, and       use.
                                                               •   postpartum women.

                   The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm is not       Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG
                     intended to be a stand-alone diagnostic device   Algorithm is not intended to be a stand-alone
                        for cardiac conditions, should not be used for    diagnostic device for cardiac conditions, should


                                                       Page 4 of 6

K250652
                                                                                     ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead Algorithm 510(k) Summary

                                     Subject Device                               Predicate Device                            Discussion
   Manufacturer                 Anumana Inc.                          Anumana Inc.

  Product Name             ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm                  ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm

                    monitoring of patients, and should not be used  not be used for monitoring of patients, and
                 on ECGs with a paced rhythm.                  should not be used on ECGs with a paced
                                                               rhythm.

                A positive result may suggest the need for     A positive result may suggest the need for
                      further clinical evaluation in order to establish   further clinical evaluation in order to establish
                   a diagnosis of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction  a diagnosis of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction
                     (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%. Additionally,    (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%. Additionally, if
                                  if the patient is at high risk for the cardiac       the patient is at high risk for the cardiac
                      condition, a negative result should not rule out   condition, a negative result should not rule out
                      further non-invasive evaluation.                 further non-invasive evaluation.

                  The ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm should be    The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG
                     applied jointly with clinician judgment.          Algorithm should be applied jointly with
                                                                                clinician judgment.
Diagnostic            Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less      Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less      Identical.
Application         than or equal to 40%                         than or equal to 40%

Patient Population   Adults at risk for heart failure                   Adults at risk for heart failure                     Identical.

Intended User        Clinicians                                           Clinicians                                           Identical.

Environment of Use  Primary care, urgent care, and emergency care   Primary care, urgent care, and emergency care   Identical.
                       settings                                           settings
Device Output       Algorithm output is provided to third party      Algorithm output is provided to third party       Identical.
Format             software that displays the result to clinicians.    software that displays the result to clinicians.
                   Output provided for each ECG is “Low LVEF     Output provided for each ECG is “Low LVEF
                    Detected” “Low LVEF Not Detected” or “Error”.  Detected” “Low LVEF Not Detected” or “Error”.
Hardware           Compatible 12-Lead diagnostic ECG machines    Compatible 12-Lead diagnostic ECG machines    Identical.
                    with 500Hz digital output                      with 500Hz digital output


                                                      Page 5 of 6

K250652
                                                                                     ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead Algorithm 510(k) Summary

                                     Subject Device                               Predicate Device                            Discussion
   Manufacturer                 Anumana Inc.                          Anumana Inc.

  Product Name             ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm                  ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm

Software            ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm                  ECG-AI LEF 12-Lead algorithm                   Equivalent.


                                                      Page 6 of 6