April 11, 2025

Galileo CDS, Inc
℅ Mary Vater
Director of Regulatory Affairs
Innolitics LLC
1101 West 34th Street #550
Austin, Texas 78705


Re: K250416
    Trade/Device Name: GBrain MRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: February 12, 2025
    Received: February 13, 2025

Dear Mary Vater:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K250416 - Mary Vater                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250416 - Mary Vater                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
~~~~~
  Submission Number (if known)I
    K250416
  Device Name
  I GBrain MRI

  Indications for Use (Describe)
   GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and quantitatively
   reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on FLAIR MR images in the context of diagnostic
   radiology.

   GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of derived
  image metrics.  It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor for the
   detection of signal hyperintensities.

   GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient's MRI scans. The physician
   retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and treatment decisions.
  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              cg] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                '~n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

K250416
              510(k) Summary


1.CONTACT INFORMATION


 Company Name                  Galileo

 Address                     7000 N Mopac Expy, Suite 200, Austin, TX 78731

 Phone Number                  (512) 222-9173

 Fax Number             {MANUFACTURER FAX NUMBER}

 Company Representative         Abhijeet Pradhan

 Email                         ap@galileocds.com

 Primary Contact              Mary Vater

 Primary Contact Phone Number   +1.913.523.6988

 Primary Contact Email           mvater@innolitics.com

 Date Summary Prepared         February 5, 2025

2.DEVICE INFORMATION

Trade Name: GBrain MRI

Common Name: Brain MRI Image Processing Software

Classification Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

Product Code(s): QIH, LLZ

3.DEVICE DESCRIPTION

3.1. Description

GBrain MRI is a non-invasive MR imaging post-processing medical device software that aids in
the volumetric quantification of hyperintensities in T2-weighted Fluid Attenuated Inversion
Recovery (T2w FLAIR) brain MR images. It is intended to aid the trained radiologist in
quantitative measurements.


                                                                         510(k) Summary

The input to the software is the T2w FLAIR brain MR images.

The outputs are volume measurements in Secondary Capture DICOM format, a DICOM
Encapsulated pdf file, as well as a DICOM SR. More specifically, the total volume of
hyperintensities in the input T2w FLAIR are shown in a new secondary capture image series,
called GBrain T2 FLAIR with a segmentation overlay on the hyperintensities that were used to
measure the total volumes. These volume measurements are summarized in the DICOM
encapsulated pdf and DICOM SR files.

The outputs are provided in standard DICOM format that can be displayed on most third-party
DICOM workstations and Picture Archive and Communications Systems (PACS).

The software is suitable for use in routine patient care as a support tool for radiologists in
assessment of structural adult brain MRIs, by providing them with complementary quantitative
information.

The GBrain MRI processing architecture includes a proprietary automated internal pipeline that
performs skull stripping, signal normalization, segmentations, volume calculations, and report
generation.

From a workflow perspective, GBrain MRI is packaged as a computing appliance that is capable
of supporting DICOM file transfer for input, and output of results. The software is designed
without the need for a user interface after installation. Any processing errors are reported either
in the output series report, or in the system log files.

GBrain MRI software is intended to be used by trained personnel only and is to be installed by
trained technical personnel.
Quantitative reports and derived image data sets are intended to be used as complementary
information in the review of a case.
The GBrain MRI software does not have any accessories or patient contacting components.
The GBrain MRI device is intended to be used for the adult population only.

4. SUBJECT DEVICE INDICATIONS FOR USE

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on FLAIR MR images in the context
of diagnostic radiology.

GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics.  It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.

GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The


                                                                         510(k) Summary

physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.

4.1. Subject Device Contraindications for Use

GBrain MRI is contraindicated for use in pediatric patient populations, and in patients who have
undergone brain tumor or other resection surgery.

4.2. Subject Device Intended Use

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on FLAIR MR images in the context
of diagnostic radiology.

GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics.  It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.

GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The
physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.

5. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON

5.1. Primary Predicate Device Indications for Use

OnQ Neuro is a fully automated post processing medical device software intended for analyzing
and evaluating neurological MR image data.

OnQ Neuro is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics.

OnQ Neuro is additionally intended to provide automatic fusion of derived parametric maps with
anatomical MRI data.

OnQ Neuro is intended for use on brain tumors, which are known/confirmed to be pathologically
diagnosed cancer.

OnQ Neuro is intended for comparison of derived image metrics from multiple time points.

The physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final diagnosis and treatment
decision.


                                                                         510(k) Summary

5.2. Secondary Predicate Device Indications for Use

QP-Brain® is a medical imaging processing application intended for automatic labeling and
volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures and white matter hyperintensities
(WMH) from a set of adults and adolescents 18 and older MR images. Volumetric measurements
may be compared to reference percentile data. The application is used by clinicians with proper
training, as a support tool in assessment of structural MRIs. Patient management decisions
should not be based solely on the results of the device.

5.3. Subject Device Indications for Use

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on FLAIR MR images in the context
of diagnostic radiology.

GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics.  It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.

GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The
physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.

5.4. Indications for Use Equivalence Discussion

The intended use of all of the devices is the same - analyzing and evaluating neurological
imaging data. The indications are equivalent to the scope of regulation 21 CFR 892.2050.

The indications for use of the Subject Device are substantially equivalent to those of the Primary
and Secondary Predicate Devices.

The output of the Primary Predicate Device (OnQ Neuro, K210831) consists of fully automated
segmentations, visualizations and volumetric measurements of various regions in cancerous
tumors including but not limited to regions which present as hyperintense signal on T2w FLAIR
MRI. These hyperintensities may be present in any part of the brain.

The output of the Secondary Predicate Device (OP-Brain, K232231) consists of segmentations,
visualizations and volumetric measurements of various brain structures, and of hyperintense
signal on T2w FLAIR MRI which are present in the white matter, and typically referred to as
White Matter Hyperintensities. The Secondary Predicate Device has a general indication for use
and is not specific to a target disease or condition.

The output of the subject device also consists of segmentations, visualizations and volumetric
measurements of hyperintensities on T2w FLAIR MRI. The subject device has a general
indication for use and is not specific to a target disease or condition.


                                                                         510(k) Summary

To elaborate further, the subject and both the predicate devices share the intended use of
automated quantification of the extent of FLAIR hyperintensity.

The Primary Predicate Device measures volumes in additional MRI series, and assigns specific
clinical significance to these measurements, (enhancing tissue, whole tumor, necrosis, etc) since
the measurements are made on cases with an apriori known disease. This functionality is not
present in the subject device.

The Secondary Predicate Device measures brain structure volumes in additional MRI series. The
subject device does not measure brain structure volumes.

The shared technical tasks performed by the subject and predicate devices, with regards to the
measurement of FLAIR hyperintensities are exactly the same.

The predicate devices have other functions are outside the scope of the subject device.

5.5. Device Comparison Table


 Feature/Function   GBrain MRI        Primary Predicate      Secondary Predicate     Comments on
                           OnQ Neuro (K210831)   QP-Brain (K232231)      Substantial
                                                                                        Equivalence

 510K Number     N/A               K210831              K232231                       -

 Manufacturer       Galileo CDS Inc      CorTechs Labs, Inc.      Quibim S.L.                   -

  Classification       Class II               Class II                   Class II               Same

 Regulation        21 CFR 892.2050     21 CFR 892.2050        21 CFR 892.2050        Same
 Number

 Regulation         Medical image        Medical image           Medical image          Same
 Description        management and      management and        management and
                      processing system.     processing system.        processing system.

  Classification      Automated           Automated Radiological   Automated Radiological   Same
 Name               Radiological Image    Image Processing        Image Processing
                      Processing Software   Software                 Software

 Product code      QIH, LLZ         QIH                  QIH, LLZ             Same


 Intended Use    MR imaging data   MR imaging data post   MR imaging data post     Same
                       post processing        processing software       processing software
                      software

 Type of Imaging   MRI            MRI               MRI                 Same
 Scan

 Intended Body      Brain                 Brain                    Brain                 Same
 Part


                                                                         510(k) Summary

Feature/Function   GBrain MRI        Primary Predicate      Secondary Predicate     Comments on
                          OnQ Neuro (K210831)   QP-Brain (K232231)      Substantial
                                                                                       Equivalence

Indications for     GBrain MRI is a     OnQ Neuro is a fully     QP-Brain® is a medical    The indications for use
Use                 post processing        automated post           imaging processing         are similar to the
                    medical device         processing medical         application intended for     predicate devices. The
                    software intended      device software           automatic labeling and      subject device analyzes
                       for analyzing and      intended for analyzing     volumetric quantification   signal hyperintensities
                      quantitatively         and evaluating             of segmentable brain        regardless of location
                      reporting signal        neurological MR image    structures and white         similar to the primary
                      hyperintensities in      data.                      matter hyperintensities      predicate and also
                      the brain on FLAIR                    (WMH) from a set of       detects hyperintensities
           MR images in the    OnQ Neuro is intended     adults and adolescents 18   in white matter similar
                     context of diagnostic   to provide automatic      and older MR images.       to the secondary
                      radiology.             segmentation,            Volumetric                  predicate. As with the
                                                quantification, and        measurements may be      secondary predicate,
                  GBrain MRI is         reporting of derived      compared to reference      the subject device has a
                    intended to provide    image metrics.             percentile data. The        general indication and
                    automatic                                          application is used by        is not specific to a
                     segmentation,      OnQ Neuro is              clinicians with proper       particular disease or
                       quantification, and      additionally intended to    training, as a support tool   condition.
                      reporting of derived    provide automatic          in assessment of
                  image metrics. It is     fusion of derived           structural MRIs. Patient
                     not intended for the    parametric maps with     management decisions
                      detection or specific    anatomical MRI data.      should not be based
                     diagnosis of any                                    solely on the results of
                     disease nor for the    OnQ Neuro is intended    the device.
                      detection of signal      for use on brain tumors,
                       hyperintensities.      which are
                                       known/confirmed to be
                  GBrain MRI should    pathologically
                     not be used in-lieu of   diagnosed cancer.
                    a full evaluation of
                      the patient’s MRI    OnQ Neuro is intended
                      scans. The physician    for comparison of
                       retains the ultimate     derived image metrics
                       responsibility for      from multiple time
                  making the final        points.
                       patient management
                  and treatment        The physician retains
                      decisions.              the ultimate
                                                responsibility for
                                     making the final
                                            diagnosis and treatment
                                              decision.


Environment for    Hospital, Clinic,        Hospital, Clinic,           Hospital, Clinic, Imaging  Same
use                Imaging Center,       Imaging Center,           Center, Medical Offices
                   Medical Offices       Medical Offices

Intended Patient    Adult patients aged     Patients with brain        Adult patients and          Similar to secondary
Population        21                    tumors, which are         adolescent patients aged    predicate and the
                  and above with a      known/confirmed to be    18                         majority of the primary
                     brain MRI study.                               through 21 with brain       predicate’s population.
                                               MRI


                                                                       510(k) Summary

Feature/Function   GBrain MRI        Primary Predicate      Secondary Predicate     Comments on
                          OnQ Neuro (K210831)   QP-Brain (K232231)      Substantial
                                                                                       Equivalence

                                             pathologically             study. Available up to 94
                                         diagnosed cancer.          years.

Intended User       Radiologists,           Radiologists, and        The application should
                   Imaging               Oncologists             be
                      Professionals, and                             used by clinicians with
                     other Clinicians                                 proper training, as a
                  working with                                    support
                      radiological images.                                 tool in assessment of
                 The application                                       structural MRIs. Patient
                    should be                                 management decisions
                   used as a support                               should not be based
                       tool in assessment of                               solely on the results of
                       structural MRIs.                                   the device.
                      Patient management
                     decisions should not
                   be based solely on
                      the results of the
                      device.


Design and        Automated           Automated              Automated segmentation   Same
Incorporated       segmentation using    segmentation using deep   using deep learning
Technology        deep learning          learning followed by      followed by volume
                    followed by volume   volume calculations.       calculations, and report
                       calculations, and                                   generation.
                      report generation.      Results displayed on
                                  PACS.                    Results displayed on
                     Results displayed on                       PACS.
                PACS.

Physical            Software package-     Software package-        Software package-       Same
Characteristics     Operates on off-the-    Operates on multiple      Operates on on off-theshelf hardware         platforms                   shelf hardware (multiple
                      (multiple vendors).                                vendors).

Data Source        Supports DICOM      Supports DICOM         Supports DICOM format   Same with the addition
                    format as input from   format as input from the   as input from the MRI      of input from the
                      the MRI scanner or   MRI scanner.              scanner.               PACS.
                      the PACS.

Output             Provides volumetric    Provides volumetric       Provides volumetric      Same
                   measurements of      measurements of         measurements of
                     regions with            different regions of         different brain structures
                     hyperintense signal     brain tumors including    on T1 MR images, as
                  on T2w FLAIR        but not restricted to        well as of White Matter
                    images.                regions with               Hyperintensities on T2w
                                           hyperintense signal on    FLAIR images.
                     Includes segmented   T2w FLAIR images.
                     color overlays and                                Includes segmented color
                                            Includes segmented        overlays and volumetric


                                                                       510(k) Summary

Feature/Function   GBrain MRI        Primary Predicate      Secondary Predicate     Comments on
                           OnQ Neuro (K210831)   QP-Brain (K232231)      Substantial
                                                                                        Equivalence

                      volumetric reports      color overlays and         reports
                                            volumetric reports

 Reporting           Results displayed in    Results displayed in       Results displayed in
                         text and graphical      tabular and graphical       tabular and graphical
                      formats               formats                   formats

 DICOM          Yes                Yes                  Yes                  Same
 Communication

 Safety            Automated quality     Display/measurement     Automated quality       Same
                       control function:       data can be viewed,        control function: scan
                     scan protocol          accepted, or rejected by    protocol verification.
                         verification.           a physician.               Results must be reviewed
                      Results must be                             by a clinician with proper
                     reviewed                                              training.
                   by a clinician with
                      proper
                         training.

5.6. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

The subject and predicate devices have very similar technological characteristics. Both devices
are software only medical devices. The inputs for both devices are Brain MRI images in
DICOM format. The outputs from both devices are automatically generated in DICOM format.

All the devices use deep learning to segment hyperintensities in FLAIR MR images, and
subsequently calculate the volumes of these regions. In all devices, these segmentations are
overlaid as colored regions on DICOM images for users to visualize the regions used in the
volume calculations.

All the devices also summarize these measurements and present them in a pdf document. In
summary, both devices have extremely similar technological characteristics.

6. DISCUSSION OF PERFORMANCE TESTING

Performance testing included protocols demonstrating the similarity of automated segmentation
compared to manual radiologist segmentations. The GBrain MRI segmentation performance was
evaluated by comparing the software-derived segmentations to a Simultaneous Truth and
Performance Level Estimation (STAPLE) algorithm generated consensus of expert-labeled
segmentations of hyperintensities for volume measurement accuracy, and segmentation overlap
agreement. Comparisons to expert segmentations were quantified using OLS Regression, and
Dice similarity coefficient (extent of software-derived vs. ground truth overlap).

Acceptance criteria were set such that the GBrain MRI model performance meets clinically
acceptable levels.


                                                                         510(k) Summary

The results of the segmentation performance testing demonstrated that the GBrain MRI system
segments hyperintensities with an accuracy that passed the planned acceptance criteria.
Segmentation performance was evaluated across scanner manufacturers and field strengths. It is
concluded that GBrain MRI segmentation is sufficiently accurate to be used in clinical practice
in accordance with its indications for use.

6.1. Conclusion

The comparison between the two devices demonstrates that GBrain MRI is as safe and as
effective as its predicates, the Quibim QP-Brain and the OnQ Neuro devices. The devices have
substantially equivalent intended uses, intended users, and principles of operation. They have the
same basic design, functions, and technological characteristics. V&V testing demonstrated that
the subject device performed with similar accuracy and reliability as the predicate device to meet
its intended use specifications.

Therefore, GBrain MRI is substantially equivalent to its predicate devices without raising any
new concerns relating to safety or effectiveness.


                                                                         510(k) Summary