October 2, 2025

Thirona BV
℅ Eva Van Rikxoort
CEO
Toernooiveld 300
NIJMEGEN, 6525 EC
NETHERLANDS

Re: K250766
    Trade/Device Name: LungQ 4
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: March 10, 2025
    Received: September 2, 2025

Dear Eva Van Rikxoort:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250766 - Eva Van Rikxoort                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250766 - Eva Van Rikxoort                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                           for
                                   Lu Jiang Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250766

Device Name
LungQ 4


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Thirona LungQ software provides reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue and specified endobronchial implants
which is essential for providing quantitative support for diagnosis, treatment planning and follow up examination. The
LungQ software can be used to support physician in the diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissues images (e.g.,
abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D segmentation and isolation of sub-compartments, volumetric analysis,
density evaluations, estimated chronic perfusion defect analysis, fissure evaluation and reporting tools are provided.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250766

    LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                              Traditional 510(k)

                              510(k) Summary

 1. SUBMITTER

 Submitted by:

 Thirona BV
 Toernooiveld 300
 6525 EC Nijmegen
 the Netherlands


 Contact Person:

 Eva van Rikxoort

 Telephone Number: +31 6 47 14 28 38

 Email: evavanrikxoort@thirona.eu

 Date Prepared: 1st October 2025


 DEVICE

  Trade Name             LungQ 4
  Common Use/Usual       Computer Tomography X-ray system
  Name
  Product Code           JAK
   Classification               Class II, 21 CFR 892.1750
  Device Panel               Radiology


 PREDICATE DEVICE

  Predicate Device         LungQ v3.0.0
  Predicate Classification     Class II, 21 CFR 892.1750

 2. REFERENCE DEVICE

  Reference Device           Thoracic VCAR with GSI Pulmonary Perfusion
  Reference Classification     Class II, 21CFR 892.2050

  Thirona                                                                        1

LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                            Traditional 510(k)


DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The LungQ software is designed to aid in the interpretation of Computed Tomography (CT) scans
of the thorax that may contain pulmonary abnormalities. LungQ is a docker image with a standalone command-line software which must be run from a command-line interpreter and does not
have a graphical user interface.

INDICATION FOR USE
The Thirona LungQ software provides reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue and
specified endobronchial implants which is essential for providing quantitative support for
diagnosis, treatment planning and follow up examination. The LungQ software can be used to
support physicians in the diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissues images (e.g.,
abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D segmentation and isolation of subcompartments, volumetric analysis, density evaluations, estimated chronic perfusion defect
analysis, fissure evaluation and reporting tools are provided.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
Table 1 below compares the Thirona LungQ 4 software to the predicate device.


 Thirona                                                                        2

LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                                                 Traditional 510(k)

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Comparison between Subject and Predicate

          Item                                 LungQ 4                                 LungQ v3.0.0
                                                       Thirona                                           Thirona


                                                        (Subject device)                                      (Predicate Device)
 510(k) Number           K250766                                                K232412
 Product Code           JAK                                                   Same
 Regulation Number       21 CFR 892.1750                                         Same
 Device Classification        Class II                                                 Same
 Common Name          Computed tomography x-ray system                           Same
 Indication for use         The Thirona LungQ software provides reproducible CT values for   Equivalent
                          pulmonary  tissue and  specified endobronchial implants which  is
                               essential for providing quantitative support for diagnosis, treatment
                             planning and follow up examination. The LungQ software can be used
                             to support physician in the diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary
                               tissues images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D
                           segmentation and isolation of sub-compartments, volumetric analysis,
                             density  evaluations, estimated  chronic  perfusion defect  analysis,
                                fissure evaluation and reporting tools are provided.
 Modality              CT                                                    Same
 Data Loading          DICOM                                                Same
 Application              Command-line interface                                    Same
 Segmentation              Provides 3D segmentation                                  Same
                            Provides Segmentation of the:                                Same
                                 •   Left Lung
                                 •   Right Lung
                                 •   Left Upper Lobe
                                 •   Left Lower Lobe
 Thirona                                                                        3

LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                                                Traditional 510(k)


                                •   Right Upper Lobe
                                •   Right Middle Lobe
                                •   Right Lower Lobe
                                •   Pulmonary (sub)segments
                           Provides Segmentation of the:                                Same
                         Airways
                           Provides segmentation of specified endobronchial implants              Equivalent
Lung Volume Analysis        Ability to measure volume                                   Same
Support                        for:
                            •   Both Lungs
                            •   Left Lung
                            •   Right Lung
                            •   Left Upper Lobe
                            •   Left Lower Lobe
                            •   Right Upper Lobe
                            •   Right Middle Lob
                            •   Right Lower Lobe
                            •   Pulmonary (sub)segments
Volume Density Analysis     Ability to measure volume at multiple density ranges for:            Same
                            •   Both Lungs
                            •   Left Lung
                            •   Right Lung
                            •   Left Upper Lobe
                            •   Left Lower Lobe
                            •   Right Upper Lobe
                            •   Right Middle Lob
                            •   Right Lower Lobe
                            •   Pulmonary (sub)segments

Thirona                                                                        4

LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                                                Traditional 510(k)


                                Ability to measure the 15th percentile density analysis               Same
Fissure Analysis              Ability to perform fissure evaluations                           Same
Endobronchial implant       Ability to report the number of specified endobronchial implants in the   Equivalent
analysis                      lungs.
Estimated chronic            Ability to report estimated chronic perfusion defect quantification for:   Equivalent
perfusion defect analysis        •   Both Lungs
                                •   Left Lung
                                •   Right Lung
                                •   Left Upper Lobe
                                •   Left Lower Lobe
                                •   Right Upper Lobe
                                •   Right Middle Lob
                                •   Right Lower Lobe
                                •   Pulmonary (sub)segments

Analyzed Data Output      Provides a report                                         Same


Thirona                                                                        5

LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                            Traditional 510(k)

PERFORMANCE DATA
The performance testing for LungQ 4 consists of norm-compliance testing, design verification
and validation testing. For norm-compliance and design verification, the testing was performed
per subject device, while the validation, such as non-clinical validation and usability validation,
were performed at system level representing a logical clinical workflow following the intended
use.

Performance testing data of the proposed devices demonstrate that the subject device is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and that the design output meets the design
input requirements.
Performance Testing
Software Verification testing was conducted to ensure that the LungQ 4 software met its
requirements. The verification testing included white box testing to verify implementation and
system integration testing. The LungQ 4 software successfully passed the verification testing.

Software Validation was conducted to ensure the software met the user needs (i.e. input
requirements). This validation was based on user scenarios. The LungQ 4 software successfully
passed the software validation.

Human factors (HF) engineering process was followed in accordance with the usability standard
and FDA guidance. The restricted interface of LungQ 4 with the third party end-user-interface is
well controlled by the use of standard input and output formats. The usability is determined by
the input requirements, which have been identified during risk management. The human factors
validation test (summative usability evaluation) of LungQ 4 was performed.
Substantial equivalence Study
A head-to-head performance testing was conducted between the subject and the predicate
device. The aim of this study was to assess and compare the measurement of lung structure
parameters, such as (sub)segment volume and density analysis, density scores (LAA-950HU and
LAA-910HU) and airway segmentation analysis between LungQ 4 (subject device) and LungQ
v3.0.0 (predicate device, K232412). The results showed that for volume, density scores and
airway segmentation, the acceptance criteria were met.

In addition, a study has been performed to provide performance testing of the endobronchial
implant analysis feature. The study dataset included multi-center CT scans of patients that
underwent endobronchial valve (EBV) treatment and CT scans from negative controls (i.e.
patients eligible for EBV treatment but without EBV). Reference valve segmentations have been
annotated on the dataset by clinical truthers and output metrics are directly compared to the
reference Detection performance was evaluated by calculating the sensitivity and precision of
the valve analysis component. A valve detection sensitivity ≥ 95% and a valve detection
precision of ≥ 90% was achieved and therefore the performance of the valve analysis component
met the acceptance criteria.


 Thirona                                                                        6

LungQ 4                         Premarket Notification:
                                            Traditional 510(k)

The added CT derived chronic perfusion defect analysis feature estimates chronic perfusion
defects from CT images, similarly to GSI in the Reference Device. The feature was evaluated on a
clinical dataset of patients who underwent HRCT and planar perfusion scintigraphy or HRCT and
SPECT-CT. Two separate analyses were performed to compare reference perfusion scores
(either extracted from planar perfusion scintigraphy or SPECT-CT) to the LungQ 4 CT derived
chronic perfusion defect scores. Agreement between LungQ 4 and both planar perfusion
scintigraphy and SPECT-CT was assessed through intra-class correlation coefficients (ICC) and
Bland-Altman analysis. An ICC > 0.75, bias < 5% and limits of agreements between -10% and
10% were required for estimated chronic perfusion defect measurements and reference
perfusion scores for the left lung, right lung and each of the individual lobes. In addition to the
direct comparison of perfusion values, experienced pulmonologists reviewed whether the use of
LungQ 4 CT derived chronic perfusion defect analysis would provide similar quantitative support
for treatment planning as SPECT-CT. The results confirmed that the provided quantitative
support was the same for LungQ 4 and SPECT-CT. All acceptance criteria for direct comparison
and treatment planning support have been met. We conclude that LungQ 4 is similar to the
chosen reference device for chronic perfusion defect measurement method in terms of
technological characteristics and does not raise new questions on the safety and effectiveness.
Conclusion on performance testing
All compliance, verification and validation tests have been used to support substantial
equivalence of the subject device and to demonstrate that the LungQ 4 device:

     •  comply with the aforementioned international and FDA recognized consensus
         standards and FDA guidance documents; and
     •  meet the acceptance criteria and are adequate for their intended use.

Based on the information provided above, the LungQ 4 device is considered substantially
equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety and effectiveness.

No clinical testing was required as substantial equivalence was demonstrated by the attributes of
intended use, technological characteristics, and non-clinical testing.


CONCLUSIONS
The proposed device, LungQ 4, is substantially equivalent to the above-mentioned predicate
device, in terms of intended use, technological characteristics and, safety and effectiveness.

Substantial equivalence was demonstrated by non-clinical performance tests provided in this
510(k) premarket notification. These tests demonstrate that the proposed device comply with the
user needs specifications and product requirements, as well as the requirements specified in the
international and FDA-recognized consensus standards, and are as safe and effective as the
predicate device, and do not raise any new safety and/or effectiveness concerns.


 Thirona                                                                        7