October 30, 2025

ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.
Marc Saab
Managing Director
BML Health Inc.
626 rue de la Congregation
Montreal, QC H3K2J2
Canada

Re: K250337
    Trade/Device Name: AiORTA - Plan
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: February 4, 2025
    Received: February 6, 2025

Dear Marc Saab:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250337 - Marc Saab                                                                 Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250337 - Marc Saab                                                                 Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K250337

Device Name
AiORTA - Plan


Indications for Use (Describe)
The AiORTA - Plan tool is an image analysis software tool for volumetric assessment. It provides volumetric visualization
and measurements based on 3D reconstruction computed from cardiovascular CTA scans. The software device is intended
to provide adjunct information to a licensed healthcare practitioner (HCP) in addition to clinical data and other inputs, as a
measurement tool used in assessment of aortic aneurysm, pre-operative evaluation, planning and sizing for cardiovascular
intervention and surgery, and for post-operative evaluation in patients 22 years old and older.

The device is not intended to provide stand-alone diagnosis or suggest an immediate course of action in treatment or patient
management.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of
           this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                            Page of                                                         PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250337

                                                          Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


510(k) Summary
 Submitter                 ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.
                         2590 Rue de Rouen
                            Montreal, QC, H2K 1M6
 Contact                    Mitchel Benovoy
                           mitchelbenovoy@vitaamedical.com
                           +1-514-655-9952
 Preparation Date           February 6th, 2025

Device Information
 Trade Name               AiORTA - Plan
 510(k) Number            K250337
 Regulation Name           Medical image management and processing system
 Common Name            Automated radiological image processing software
 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code             QIH
 Device Classification          Class II
 Classification Panel          Radiology

Predicate Device
 Trade Name                   iNtuition-Structural Heart Module
 510(k) Number            K191585
 Regulation Name           Medical image management and processing system
 Common Name             System, Image Processing, Radiological
 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code               LLZ
 Device Classification          Class II
 Classification Panel          Radiology

Reference Devices
In addition to the predicate device mentioned above, Simpleware ScanIP Medical by Synopsys (Northern
Europe) Ltd. (K203195) and TeraRecon Aorta.CT (1.1.0) by TeraRecon, Inc. (K243158) are identified as a
reference devices to support the technological comparison for the volume measurement feature and
establish acceptance criteria for landmark distance and segmentation accuracy.

Device Description
AiORTA - Plan is a cloud-based software tool used to make and review geometric measurements of
cardiovascular structures, specifically abdominal aortic aneurysms. The software uses CT scan data as
input to make measurements from 2D and 3D mesh based images. Software outputs are intended to be


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 1 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


used as a measurement tool used in assessment of aortic aneurysm, pre-operative evaluation, planning
and sizing for cardiovascular intervention and surgery, and for post-operative evaluation.
The AiORTA - Plan software consists of two components, the Analysis Pipeline and Web Application.
The Analysis Pipeline is the data processing engine that produces measurements of the abdominal aorta
based on the input DICOM images. It consists of multiple modules that are operated by a trained Analyst
to preprocess the DICOM images, compute geometric parameters (e.g., centerlines, diameters, lengths,
volumes), and upload the results to the Web App for clinician review. The Analyst plays a role in ensuring
the quality of the outputs. However, the end user (licensed healthcare practitioner) is ultimately
responsible for the accuracy of the segmentations, the resulting measurements, and any clinical decisions
based on these outputs.
The workflow of the Analysis Pipeline can be described in the following steps:
    •   Input: the Analysis Pipeline receives a CTA scan as input.
    •   Segmentation: an AI-powered auto-masking algorithm performs segmentation of the aortic
       lumen, wall, and key anatomical landmarks, including the superior mesenteric, celiac, and renal
         arteries. A trained Analyst performs quality control of the segmentations, making any necessary
        revisions to ensure accurate outputs.
    •  3D conversion: the segmentations are converted into 3D mesh representations.
    •  Measurement computation: from the 3D representations, the aortic centerline and geometric
       measurements, such as diameters, lengths, and volumes, are computed.
    •   Follow-up study analysis: for patients with multiple studies, the system can detect and display
       changes in aortic geometry between studies.
    •   Report generation: a report is generated containing key measurements and a 3D Anatomy Map
        providing multiple views of the abdominal aorta and its landmarks.
    •  Web application integration: the outputs, including the segmented CT masks, 3D visualizations,
      and reports, are uploaded to the Web App for interactive review and analysis.
The Web Application (Web App) is the front end and user facing component of the system. It is a cloudbased user interface offered to the qualified clinician to first upload de-identified cardiovascular CTA scans
in DICOM format, along with relevant demographic and medical information about the patient and
current study. The uploaded data is processed asynchronously by the Analysis Pipeline. Once processing is
complete, the Web App then enables clinicians to interactively review and analyze the resulting outputs.
Main features of the Web App include:
    •  Segmentation review and correction: Clinicians can review the resulting segmentations from the
        Analysis Pipeline segmentations by viewing the CT slices alongside the segmentation masks.
       Segmentations can be revised using tools such as a brush or pixel eraser, with adjustable brush
         size, to select or remove pixels as needed. When clinicians revise segmentations, they can request
       asynchronous re-analysis by the Analysis Pipeline, which generates updated measurements and a
      3D Anatomy Map of the aorta based on the revised segmentations.
    •  3D visualization: The aorta and key anatomical landmarks can be examined in full rotational views
        using the 3D Anatomy Map.


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 2 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


    •  Measurement tools: Clinicians can perform measurements directly on the 3D Anatomy Map of the
       abdominal aorta and have access to a variety of measurement tools, including:
        o   Centerline distance, which measures the distance (in mm) between two user-selected
               planes along the aortic centerline.
        o  Diameter range, which measures the minimum and maximum diameters (in mm) within
              the region of interest between two user-selected planes along the aortic centerline.
        o  Local diameter, which measures the diameter (in mm) at the user-selected plane along
              the aortic centerline.
        o  Volume, which measures the volume (in mL) between two user-selected planes along the
                 aortic centerline.
        o   Calipers, which allow additional linear measurements (in mm) at user-selected points.
    •   Screenshots: Clinicians can capture images of the 3D visualizations of the aorta or the
       segmentations displayed on the CT slices.
    •   Longitudinal analysis: For patients with multiple studies, the Web App allows side-by-side review
        of studies. Clinicians have access to the same measurement and visualization tools available in
        single-study review, enabling comparison between studies.
    •   Reporting: Clinicians can generate and download reports containing either the default key
      measurements computed by the Analysis Pipeline or custom measurements and screenshots
       captured during review.

Indications for Use
The AiORTA - Plan tool is an image analysis software tool for volumetric assessment. It provides
volumetric visualization and measurements based on 3D reconstruction computed from cardiovascular
CTA scans. The software device is intended to provide adjunct information to a licensed healthcare
practitioner (HCP) in addition to clinical data and other inputs, as a measurement tool used in assessment
of aortic aneurysm, pre-operative evaluation, planning and sizing for cardiovascular intervention and
surgery, and for post-operative evaluation in patients 22 years old and older.
The device is not intended to provide stand-alone diagnosis or suggest an immediate course of action in
treatment or patient management.

Comparison of Indications for Use
                                          Table 1: Indications for Use Comparison
 Subject Device: AiORTA - Plan                          Predicate Device: iNtuition-Structural Heart Module
                                                   (K191585)
 The AiORTA - Plan tool is an image analysis software      iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is a software solution
  tool.  It provides visualization and measurements        that is intended to assist Cardiologists, Radiologists and
 based on 3D reconstruction, computed from               Clinical Specialists with the visualization and
 cardiovascular CTA scans. The device is intended to     measurements of structures of the heart and vessels.
 provide adjunct information to a licensed healthcare                                                             iNtuition-Structural Heart Module enables the user to:
 practitioner (HCP) in addition to clinical data and other
                                                        •   Visualize and measure (diameters, lengths, inputs, as a measurement tool used in assessment of
                                                                    angles, areas and volumes) structures of the aortic aneurysm, pre-operative evaluation, planning
                                                               heart and vessels for pre-operative planning and sizing for cardiovascular intervention and surgery,


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 3 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


 and for post-operative evaluation in patients 22 years          and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and
 old and older.                                                      surgery, and for post-operative evaluation.
                                                        •   Quantify calcium (volume, density).iNtuition- The device is not intended to provide stand-alone
                                                                     Structural Heart Module has the following tools diagnosis or suggest an immediate course of action in
                                                      and features that facilitate: treatment or patient management.
                                                        •   Automatic and manual centerline detection.
                                                        •   Segmentation of cardiovascular structures.
                                                        •   Measurement tools (diameters, lengths, areas,
                                                            volumes, angles) for the dimensions of vessels
                                                      and structures.
                                                        •   Calcium quantification and scoring.
                                                        •   Various visualization techniques: 2D/3D/4D
                                                                          visualization, MPR, Curved MPR, Stretched
                                                   MPR, MIP, MinIP, Raysum and MAR.
                                                        •   Capture and Report.


The intended use of the AiORTA - Plan tool has a more narrowly defined scope compared to the iNtuitionStructural Heart Module, focusing specifically on supporting pre- and post-operative planning for aortic
interventions. In contrast, the iNtuition-Structural Heart Module has a broader intended use, supporting
visualization and measurement of various heart and vessel structures for a wider range of cardiovascular
interventions. It includes additional features such as calcium quantification.
Both devices are intended for use in pre-operative evaluation, planning and sizing for cardiovascular
intervention and surgery, and for post-operative evaluation. The differences in intended use between the
subject and predicate device, are not critical to the intended use of the subject device, and the differences
do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the subject device when used as labeled.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics
                                        Table 2: Substantial Equivalence Comparison
 Device Characteristic   Subject Device: AiORTA - Plan            Predicate Device: iNtuition-Structural Heart
                                                    Module (K191585)
 Manufacturer         ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.             TeraRecon Inc.
  Classification          21 CFR 892.2050                     21 CFR 892.2050
 Product code         QIH                                     LLZ
 Intended end-user      Healthcare Practitioner                  Healthcare Practitioner
 Anatomical scope      Abdominal aorta                          Aorta, aortic valves, mitral valve, pulmonic
                                                                         valve, atria and atrial appendages, and
                                                                        ventricles
 Image source           Cardiovascular CTA scans                   CT, MR, Nuc, PET, Angio, US/Echo, SPECT
                                                                scans

 Operating system       Microsoft Windows                      Microsoft Windows
 System configuration  Web application                         Server or workstation
 Analysis workflow      Semi-automatic analysis pipeline           Fully automated analysis performed in realrequiring input from ViTAA Analysts.      time within the software.


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 4 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


 Device Characteristic   Subject Device: AiORTA - Plan            Predicate Device: iNtuition-Structural Heart
                                                    Module (K191585)
 Vessel Geometry       Provides tools for measuring vessel       Provides tools for measuring vessel geometry,
 Measurement Tools    geometry, including diameters, lengths,    including diameters, lengths, volumes, areas,
                     and volumes.                        and angles.
 Segmentation          Semi-automatic segmentation using      Automatic and manual segmentation
                      automasking algorithm. End-users         available within the software, with end-users
                              (clinicians) able to review and modify       (clinicians) able to edit and adjust
                       segmentations as needed.               segmentations as needed.
 Centerline detection    Automatic centerline detection within    Both automatic and manual centerline
                       the analysis pipeline.                     detection are offered, with the ability to edit
                                                       and refine the centerline by the end-user.

 Change in Geometric   Reports automated measurements       Not available
 Analysis                describing changes between two
                           studies.
 Storage of results          - Report in PDF format                            - Structured reporting with xml, text, xls
                                                             output                                   - Viewports: Session state
                                                                                            - Word and html report
                                                                                            - DICOM SC
                                                                                            - Workflow scenes: restore saved state
 Viewpoint controls      -General controls (lock viewpoints,         Identical to or
                         switch to single/quad view, etc.)                                                    more extensive than subject device
                       -2D CT image controls (pan, window,
                              level, etc.)
                       -3D map controls (rotate, pan, zoom)

Substantial Equivalence
The detailed analysis above demonstrates substantial equivalence of AiORTA - Plan to the previously
cleared iNtuition-Structural Heart Module software (K191585). There are minor differences in intended
use and technological characteristics between subject and predicate devices; however, the differences are
not critical to the intended clinical use of the subject device.
The technological differences include:
    1.  System configuration: The subject device is configured as a web-based application, whereas the
        iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is typically installed on a server or workstation. Cybersecurity
         risks for the web-based configuration of the subject device have been extensively analyzed and
        mitigated.
    2.  Analysis workflow: The subject device utilizes ViTAA Analyst intervention and operates on a longer
        timeline, while the predicate device provides real-time analysis. Risks related to delays in analysis
         availability have been assessed within the risk management file, ensuring that they remain
        acceptable.
    3.  Change in geometric analysis: The subject device provides automated measurements that
        quantify changes in vessel geometry between two studies. This functionality is not available in the


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 5 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


        predicate device. The subject device’s automated vessel geometry measurements have been
        validated and are considered acceptable.
The assessment of device differences shows that AiORTA - Plan does not raise new or different questions
of safety and effectiveness. The test results obtained from verification and validation activities (nonclinical testing) in accordance with current standards and regulatory guidance indicate a favorable
performance and safety profile of the subject device. The test results also confirm that the technological
differences with the predicate device do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness of
the subject device.

Testing and Performance Data
Software Verification and Validation
The AiORTA - Plan medical software underwent comprehensive verification and validation in accordance
with IEC 62304 to ensure functionality, performance, and compliance. Testing included automated and
manual testing of the Analysis Pipeline and Web Application, end-to-end integration testing of the
complete system workflow, and cybersecurity assessments to ensure vulnerabilities are identified and
risks are mitigated, data is protected, and compliance is verified against industry standards.
Moreover, critical algorithms were verified by comparing their outputs to ground truth data to ensure
accuracy and reliability. Algorithms were first verified using synthetic data to remove the influence of
external factors and isolate algorithm performance. Subsequent verification was performed using clinical
data, including aortic aneurysm cases from both US and Canadian clinical centers, with outputs compared
to clinical ground truth.
    •  Auto-segmentation masks: Masks generated by the Analysis Pipeline from input CT data (prior to
        analyst correction) were verified by comparing them to annotations approved by 3 US-based
        board-certified Radiologists, demonstrating the performance of the auto-masking algorithm
       independently of human intervention.
       Acceptance criteria:
           •  ≥ 80% Dice coefficient achieved for the aortic wall and aortic lumen masks
           •  Key anatomical landmarks were identified within 5mm of ground truth
        Results:
           •   Overall Mean Dice coefficient of 89% achieved for the aortic wall
           •   Overall Mean Dice coefficient of 89% achieved for the aortic lumen masks
           •  Landmark identification:
                  •   Celiac artery proximal position: Mean distance 2.47mm
                  •   Renal arteries distal position: Mean distance 3.51mm

    •  Diameters and lengths: Maximum or average diameters within a specified region of interest (ROI),
        as well as lengths between specific landmarks, were compared against annotations from 3 USbased board-certified Radiologists. Measurements computed by the Analysis Pipeline were based
      on segmentations that underwent Analyst review and correction, ensuring that the verification
         reflects real-world use conditions.


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 6 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


       Acceptance criteria:
           •  Mean absolute error ≤ 6.0mm for length
           •  Mean absolute error ≤ 2.3mm for diameters
        Results:
           •   Length:
                  •   Renal artery to aortic bifurcation: mean absolute error 5.3 mm
                  •   Renal artery to left iliac bifurcation: mean absolute error 7.0mm
                  •   Renal artery to right iliac bifurcation: mean absolute error 6.6mm
           •   Diameter:
                  •   Aortic wall max: mean absolute error 2.0 mm
                  •   Aortic wall at renal artery: mean absolute error 2.1 mm
                  •   Aortic wall at left iliac bifurcation: mean absolute error 1.9mm
                  •   Aortic wall at right iliac bifurcation: mean absolute error 2.5 mm
       For measurements that did not meet the initial acceptance criteria, a mean pairwise absolute
        difference (MPAD) comparison was performed to assess consistency between experts and
      between the device and experts. Specifically, the expert-expert MPAD was computed as the mean
        of ([expert 1 - expert 2], [expert 1 - expert 3], [expert 2 - expert 3]), and device-expert MPAD was
      computed as the mean of ([device - expert 1], [device - expert 2], [device - expert 3]).
      The device-expert MPAD was smaller than the expert-expert MPAD, supporting the overall
        acceptability of the device’s measurements.

                                                Expert-expert MPAD      Device-expert MPAD

        Length: renal to left iliac bifurcation    7.1mm              6.9mm

        Length: renal to right iliac bifurcation   10.4mm             9.6mm

        Diameter: wall right iliac            2.7mm              2.5mm


    •  Volumes were compared against results from the reference device, Simpleware ScanIP Medical,
        using analyst revised segmentations as input data for both devices to ensure a fair comparison.
       Acceptance criteria:
           •  Mean absolute error ≤ 1.8 mL
        Results across 40 CT scans:
           •  Volume of the Wall: Mean absolute error 0.00242 mL, standard deviation of errors:
              0.00280 mL
           •  Volume of the Lumen: Mean absolute error 0.00257mL, standard deviation of errors:
             0.00300mL
All software verification and validation activities were successfully completed. Known anomalies were
documented and assessed, and their impact was determined not to affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device for its intended use.


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 7 of 8

Class II SaMD Premarket Notification 510(k): AiORTA - Plan


Human Factors Engineering
Human Factors Engineering considerations were applied throughout the design and development process,
following the guidelines specified in IEC 62366. A comprehensive Use Related Risk Analysis was conducted
to identify and mitigate potential risks associated with the interaction between users and the software
and external usability validation testing was performed by US based clinical specialists (board-certified
radiologists and vascular surgeons). The results of the human factors validation study demonstrated that
intended users can safely and effectively perform all critical tasks associated with AiORTA - Plan under
expected use conditions. Observed use errors were analyzed and determined not to present unacceptable
risk. Therefore, the study concludes that AiORTA - Plan does not introduce new or increased use-related
risks compared to the predicate device.
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity testing included verification and validation of cybersecurity controls including manual and
automated testing, vulnerability testing, and penetration testing. Post-market monitoring processes have
been established to detect and address new vulnerabilities.

Summary of Clinical Performance Tests
AiORTA - Plan did not require clinical studies to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate
device.

Conformance Standards
The device complies with the following conformance standards:
    •   ISO 14971: 2019 Application of risk management to medical devices
    •   IEC 62304:2006+A1:2015 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes
    •   IEC 62366 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices

Conclusions
The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and predicate
device comparison, support the substantial equivalence of AiORTA - Plan to the predicate device in
context of the intended use and labelling of the device.


ViTAA Medical Solutions Inc.                                                                Page 8 of 8