October 29, 2025

Huxley Medical
℅ Grace Powers
Founder / Principal Consultant
Powers Regulatory Consulting
2451 Cumberland Blvd SE
Suite 3740
Atlanta, Georgia 30339


Re: K250882
    Trade/Device Name: SANSA HSAT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.2375
    Regulation Name: Breathing Frequency Monitor
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MNR, BZQ, MWJ
    Dated: September 26, 2025
    Received: September 30, 2025

Dear Grace Powers:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250882 - Grace Powers                                                             Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250882 - Grace Powers                                                             Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                             JENNIFER W. SHIH -S

                                                Jennifer Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                   Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
                                                                          1<250882          ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                 ?
SANSA HSAT


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                             ?
The Huxley Home Sleep Apnea Test (SANSA) is a wearable device intended for use in the recording,
analysis, and storage of biophysical parameters to aid in the evaluation of sleep-related breathing and
cardiac disorders of adults suspected of sleep apnea. The device is intended for the clinical and home use
setting under the direction of a Healthcare Professional (HCP). The system is prescription use only.

The SANSA device records and stores ECG recording for up to 10 hours of wear time which can be
displayed in the software portal for manual annotation and analysis. The SANSA does not provide
automated analysis of the ECG and is not intended to be used with a 3rd party automated algorithm and is
not intended for pacemaker analysis.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     [g] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                  ?  applicable).                    D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)


SANSA HSAT                                                                              Page 8 of 61

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT


                                      510(k) Summary
 In accordance with 21 CFR §807.92 and the Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990, the following
 information is provided for the Huxley Medical Traditional 510(k) premarket notification.

 Sponsor:             Huxley Medical, Inc.
                   1465 Northside Dr NW Ste 217
                        Atlanta, GA, 30318
                    info@huxleymed.com

 Submission Contact:  Grace Powers, MS, MBA, RAC
                       Founder/Principal Consultant
                    Powers Regulatory Consulting
                     grace@powersregulatory.com
                     404-931-8730

 Submission Date:    March 24, 2025

 Subject Device:      Trade Name: SANSATM HSAT
                Common Name: Ventilatory Effort Recorder
                          Classification Name: Breathing Frequency
                    Monitor Regulation: 21 CFR §868.2375
                       Regulatory Classification: Class 2
                     Product Code: MNR, BZQ, MWJ

 Predicate Device:    iRhythm Zio Monitor (K202359)
 Reference Device:    Huxley Medical SANSA HSAT (K244027)

 Device Description
 The Huxley Home Sleep Apnea Test (SANSATM) is a wearable device intended for use in the recording,
 analysis, and storage of biophysical parameters to aid in the evaluation of sleep-related breathing
 disorders of adults suspected of sleep apnea. The device is intended for clinical and home use setting
 under the direction of a Healthcare Professional (HCP). The system is prescription use only. The
 SANSA TM device records and stores ECG recording for up to 10 hours of wear time which can be
 displayed in the software portal for manual annotation and analysis. The SANSA TM does not provide
 automated analysis of the ECG and is not intended to be used with a 3rd party automated algorithm
 and is not intended for pacemaker analysis.

 The SANSA HSAT collects multiple physiological signals using a single wearable patch worn on the chest.
 The SANSA device contains a reflective PPG sensor, a single-lead ECG sensor, and a 3-axis accelerometer.
 The signals from these sensors are passed into a cloud-based algorithm which utilizes a combination of
 signal processing and AI/ML components to compute time-series data for clinician review and summary
 metrics for report output. The device outputs the following time-series channels: Oximetry, Heart Rate,
                                                                                    1

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT
 Chest Movement, Snoring, Body Position, Respiratory Effort, Actigraphy, Sleep staging (Sleep/Wake), and
 ECG. The following summary metrics are calculated: sansa-Apnea Hypopnea Index (sAHI) and Total Sleep
 Time (TST).

 Recorded data are uploaded to a software portal where physiological tracings are made available for
 review and event editing by a qualified healthcare professional. The device is intended to be worn for 10
 hours per study.

 Intended Use/Indications for Use
 The Huxley Home Sleep Apnea Test (SANSATM) is a wearable device intended for use in the recording,
 analysis, and storage of biophysical parameters to aid in the evaluation of sleep-related breathing and
 cardiac disorders of adults suspected of sleep apnea. The device is intended for the clinical and home
 use setting under the direction of a Healthcare Professional (HCP). The system is prescription use
 only.
 The SANSA device records and stores ECG recording for up to 10 hours of wear time which can be
 displayed in the software portal for manual annotation and analysis. The SANSA does not provide
 automated analysis of the ECG and is not intended to be used with a 3rd party automated algorithm
 and is not intended for pacemaker analysis.
 An overview comparison of the SANSA HSAT (subject device) to the predicate device and reference device
 are presented in the table below.

                                   Table 1: Device Comparison
                                         Predicate Device:   Reference Device: Device             Subject Device:                                          Zio Monitor       SANSA HSAT       Comparison Comparison      SANSA HSAT                                      (K202359)         (K244027)
                      Huxley Medical, Inc.   iRhythm             Huxley Medical, Inc.    Identical to Manufacturer                                              Technologies, Inc                            reference device.

                  MNR, BZQ, MWJ      DSH, MWJ         MNR, BZQ              Identical to
                                                                                         reference device
 FDA Product Codes                                                                   with the addition of
                                                        MWJ from the
                                                                                          predicate device.

                     868.2375            870.2800            868.2375               Identical to
 Primary Regulation                                                                     reference device.

                                        II                                    II                                    II                       Identical to  Classification                                                                                         reference device.

                         Ventilatory Effort     Medical magnetic      Ventilatory Effort      Identical to  Classification Name                      Recorder             tape recorder         Recorder             reference device.

 Advisory             Anesthesiology        Cardiovascular        Anesthesiology         Identical to
 Committee                                                                             reference device.

 Prescription Use?     Yes                  Yes                  Yes                     Identical

                    The Huxley Home     The Zio Monitor is a   The Huxley Home     Equivalent - The
 Indications for Use                       Sleep Apnea Test      prescription-only,     Sleep Apnea Test      addition of ECG
                      (SANSATM) is a          single-patient-use,    (SANSATM) is a        monitoring
                                                                                    2

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT
                                         Predicate Device:   Reference Device: Device             Subject Device:                                          Zio Monitor       SANSA HSAT       Comparison Comparison      SANSA HSAT                                      (K202359)         (K244027)
                      wearable device     ECG monitor that     wearable device       capability for
                      intended for use in    continuously         intended for use in    manual annotation
                      the recording,         records data for up    the recording,       and analysis of the
                          analysis, and          to 14 days. It is         analysis, and        ECG signal with no
                       storage of             indicated for use on   storage of           automated ECG
                        biophysical            patients who may     biophysical            analysis is
                      parameters to aid in   be asymptomatic or   parameters to aid in   supported by the
                      the evaluation of    who may suffer       the evaluation of      indication for use of
                         sleep-related        from transient         sleep-related         the predicate
                       breathing disorders   symptoms such as     breathing disorders    device.
                        of adults suspected    palpitations,           of adults suspected
                        of sleep apnea. The   shortness of breath,   of sleep apnea. The
                       device is intended      dizziness,             device is intended
                          for the clinical and     lightheadedness,       for the clinical and
                 home use setting      pre-syncope,       home use setting
                     under the direction    syncope, fatigue or    under the direction
                        of a Healthcare        anxiety.               of a Healthcare
                        Professional (HCP).                           Professional (HCP).
                    The system is
                         prescription use
                         only.

                    The SANSATM device
                       records and stores
                  ECG recording for
                   up to 10 hours of
                    wear time which
                     can be displayed in
                      the software portal
                          for manual
                       annotation and
                          analysis. The
                    SANSATM does not
                       provide automated
                         analysis of the ECG
                    and is not intended
                        to be used with a
                      3rd party
                    automated
                       algorithm and is not
                      intended for
                    pacemaker analysis.

                        Adults (22 years age   18 years and older     Adults (22 years age   Identical to Target Population                    and older)                             and older)            reference device.

                            Clinics and Home       Clinics and Home       Clinics and Home       Identical Intended Use

                                                                                    3

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT
                                         Predicate Device:   Reference Device: Device             Subject Device:                                          Zio Monitor       SANSA HSAT       Comparison Comparison      SANSA HSAT                                      (K202359)         (K244027)
 Environment        Use                Use                Use

 Device Placement     Chest sensor         Chest Sensor         Chest sensor           Identical
 for Data Collection

                      Chest Sensor        ECG                 Chest Sensor          Equivalent - Subject
                                                                            and Predicate
                      Accelerometer                            Accelerometer                                                                                         contain ECG.
                  ECG                                ECG
 Device Sensors                       Reflectance Photo-                          Reflectance Photoplethysmography                         plethysmography


 Channels            Oximetry           ECG                 Oximetry             Equivalent – Official
                                                                      ECG channel (not
                      Heart rate                                 Heart rate                                                                                         reference only) is
                      Chest movement                           Chest movement      equivalent to the
                                                                      ECG channel of the
                       Snoring                                    Snoring               reference device.
                    Body position                          Body position

                        Respiratory effort                            Respiratory effort

                       Actigraphy                                  Actigraphy

                       Sleep stage                                 Sleep stage
                      (Sleep/Wake)                             (Sleep/Wake)

                  ECG                                ECG (Reference
                                                                channel only)

 ECG Recording      Number of Leads:    Number of Leads:    Number of Leads:      Identical to
 Characteristics         Single Lead            Single Lead            Single Lead           reference device.
                                                                                          Equivalent to
                                                                                          predicate device in
                  ECG Lead          ECG Lead          ECG Lead            performance in
                         Orientation:           Orientation:           Orientation:           recording capability
                      Modified Lead II      Modified Lead II      Modified Lead II      and lead
                                                                                                orientation. Higher
                                                                               sample rate in
                                                                                            subject device does                  ECG A/D Sampling    ECG A/D Sampling    ECG A/D Sampling
                                                                                   not raise questions                        Rate: 250 Hz          Rate: 200 Hz          Rate: 250 Hz
                                                                                             of safety or
                                                                                              effectiveness with
                                                                                          predicate device as
                  ECG Resolution:      ECG Resolution:      ECG Resolution:                                                                                     the output ECG is
                                                                                    4

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT
                                         Predicate Device:   Reference Device: Device             Subject Device:                                          Zio Monitor       SANSA HSAT       Comparison Comparison      SANSA HSAT                                      (K202359)         (K244027)
                       15.5 bits              15.5 bits              15.5 bits               equivalent.

 Analysis Outputs     sAHI             No analysis           sAHI                    Identical to
                                           provided by device.                         reference device.
                    Body Position                          Body Position                                                                                          Subject device and
                        Discrete States                               Discrete States                                                                                          predicate device
                      Heart Rate                                Heart Rate             lack ECG analysis
                                                                                         output.
                         Total Sleep Time                              Total Sleep Time

                   SpO2                               SpO2


 Performance         Heart Rate: Arms ≤   No Heart Rate        Heart Rate: Arms ≤     Identical to
                    3 bpm (range 30-      Analysis            3 bpm (range 30-      reference device.
                    250 bpm)                              250 bpm)              Identical ECG
                                                                                         recording accuracy
                                                                                          to predicate device.
                   SpO2 Arms ≤ 3%      Does not collect      SpO2 Arms ≤ 3%
                       (range 70-100%)     SpO2                 (range 70-100%)


                       Aid to Diagnosis of    Does not diagnose    Aid to Diagnosis of
                    Moderate to Severe  OSA               Moderate to Severe
                  OSA (AHI≥15):                       OSA (AHI≥15):
                           Sensitivity 88.2%,                                Sensitivity 88.2%,
                           Specificity 87.3%                                 Specificity 87.3%


                                    ECG Recording                  ECG Recording                        ECG Recording
                                             Accuracy:                       Accuracy:                                   Accuracy:
                                           •   Frequency                      •   Frequency                            •   Frequency
                                              Response: 0.67                          Response: 0.67                            Response: 0.67
                                          Hz to 40 Hz                       Hz to 40 Hz                            Hz to 40 Hz
                                           •   Input                      •   Input                                 •   Input
                                             Impedance: >10                         Impedance: >10                          Impedance: >10
                            MΩ                MΩ                       MΩ
                                           •   Gain Accuracy:                      •   Gain Accuracy:                        •   Gain Accuracy:
                                     Maximum                    Maximum                         Maximum
                                               amplitude error                          amplitude error                           amplitude error
                                       ±10%                     ±10%                              ±10%
                                           •   Gain Stability:
                                      <3% over a 24-
                                            hour period

                                                                                    5

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT
                                         Predicate Device:   Reference Device: Device             Subject Device:                                          Zio Monitor       SANSA HSAT       Comparison Comparison      SANSA HSAT                                      (K202359)         (K244027)
                      •   Gain Stability:     •   Timing           •   Gain Stability:
                     <3% over a 24-        Accuracy: <30       <3% over a 24-
                         hour period          seconds             hour period

                      •   Timing                                •   Timing
                           Accuracy: <30                               Accuracy: <30
                         seconds                                  seconds

 Data Collection and   Patient data is         Patient data is         Patient data is          Identical to
 Transfer               wirelessly             transferred after       wirelessly             reference device.
                        transferred via        study conclusion       transferred via
                          Cellular (LTE-M) at                              Cellular (LTE-M) at
                      the conclusion of                           the conclusion of
                      the study. In the                           the study. In the
                      event of no                               event of no
                         connectivity or                               connectivity or
                           failed transfer,                                   failed transfer,

                        patient data is                                patient data is
                          physically                                      physically
                        transferred via USB                           transferred via USB
                          after study                                     after study
                        conclusion.                                   conclusion.

 Recording Capacity   Approx. 10 hours     Continuous           Approx. 10 hours       Identical to
                      per study. 2 nights     recording for 14       per study. 2 nights     reference device.
                        of study maximum.    days.                  of study maximum.    Predicate device is
                                                                                     focused on 14 days
                                                                                             of data and subject
                                                                            and reference are
                                                                                     focused on sleep.

 Energy Source        Rechargeable         Lithium Manganese   Rechargeable          Identical to
                       Lithium Polymer       Dioxide Coin Cell      Lithium Polymer       reference device.
                        Battery                                      Battery

 Analysis Software     Analysis performed   No ECG analysis       Analysis performed    Identical to
                           off the recording      provided by the        off the recording      reference device.
                         device, on a           device.                device, on a           Equivalent to
                      compatible cloud-                          compatible cloud-     predicate.
                     based software                          based software
                        platform.                                    platform.


                 No automated ECG                   No automated ECG
                         analysis conducted.                            analysis conducted.


                                                                                    6

510(k) Summary                                                   Traditional 510(k) – Huxley Medical
K250882                                                            SANSA HSAT
Non-Clinical Performance Data
The following non‐clinical testing was conducted to support device changes:
    •   Software Unit & Integration Testing to test portal functionality. This testing verified the additional
        features, and that the data integrity was not altered in the EDF or PDF export process.
    •  The following performance testing verifies the accuracy of the SANSA device’s ECG recording:
         o   Testing to FDA recognized consensus standard IEC 60601-2-47 Ed. 2.0 (2012-02) Medical
             electrical equipment - Part 2-47: Particular requirements for the basic safety and essential
          performance of ambulatory electrocardiographic systems
               o  ECG recorder performance testing (Retested with latest device firmware)
               o  Database Accuracy testing for beat detection and heart rate (testing leveraged
                    from previous clearance due to lack of changes)
         o   Testing to FDA recognized consensus standard ANSI AAMI EC12:2000/(R)2015 Disposable
         ECG electrodes (testing leveraged from previous clearance due to lack of changes)
               o  ECG electrode performance testing
               o  On-body adhesive performance testing
    •  Human Factors Usability Testing conducted on patients and clinicians in accordance with FDA
   Guidance Document “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices” Issued
    February 3, 2016. (Testing leveraged from previous clearance due to lack of changes)
No further system or performance testing was required, as all updates made were isolated in cloud
software functionality.
Clinical Performance Data
Sansa ECG clinical performance was validated through comparison to a simultaneously collected reference
standard Holter monitor. Clinically acceptable performance was demonstrated through qualitative and
quantitative analysis of the ECG signal.
Conclusion
The SANSA System is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device as demonstrated by
the similar intended use and similar technologies, with the reference device leveraged to address the
sleep-disordered breathing indications for use. The addition to the indications for use to allow usage of
the existing ECG waveform for diagnostic purposes is supported by the predicate device. The updates
made to the subject device in this submission do not raise questions of safety and effectiveness compared
to the predicate and reference devices.


                                                                                    7