July 18, 2025
HeartFlow, Inc.
Kristen Dejeu
Senior Manager, Regulatory and Quality Affairs
331 E. Evelyn Avenue
Mountain View, California 94041


Re: K250902
    Trade/Device Name: HeartFlow Analysis
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1415
    Regulation Name: Coronary Vascular Physiologic Simulation Software Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PJA, LLZ, QIH
    Dated: June 19, 2025
    Received: June 20, 2025

Dear Kristen Dejeu:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250902 - Kristen Dejeu                                                              Page  2


premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part

K250902 - Kristen Dejeu                                                              Page  3


803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)

K250902
Device Name

Heartflow Analysis

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Heartflow Analysis is an AI-based medical device software for the clinical quantitative and qualitative analysis of
previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM data for adult patients (ages 22 years and older) with suspected coronary
artery disease.  It provides anatomic data, plaque localization and characterization, as well as the calculations of FFRCT, a
coronary physiological simulation, computed from simulated pressure, velocity and blood flow information obtained from a
3D computer model generated from static coronary CT images. The Heartflow Analysis is intended to support the risk
assessment and functional evaluation of coronary artery disease.

The Heartflow Analysis is provided to support qualified clinicians to aid in the evaluation and risk assessment of coronary
artery disease. The Heartflow Analysis is intended to be used by qualified clinicians in conjunction with the patient’s clinical
history, symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well as the clinician’s professional judgment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      ☑ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                             Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250902


  1. Submitter Information

Submitter / Manufacturer Name:          Heartflow, Inc.
                                   331 E. Evelyn Ave
                                    Mountain View, CA 94041

Primary Contact Person:              Name: Mrs. Kristen DeJeu
                                        Senior Manager, Regulatory and Quality Affairs
                                        Heartflow, Inc.
                            T +1 (480) 353-0441
                                       Email: kdejeu@heartflow.com

Additional Contact Person:            Name: Emre Gulturk
                                     Vice President, Regulatory and Quality Affairs
                                        Heartflow, Inc.
                            T +1 (612) 396-1376
                                       Email: egulturk@heartflow.com

Date Prepared:                      March 25, 2025


  2. Device Identification

Product Name          Heartflow Analysis

Product Feature       Product Code           Classification         Classification Name
Description

FFRCT              PJA (primary)          870.1415            Coronary vascular
                                                                        physiologic simulation
                                                                       software device

RoadMap™ Analysis   LLZ (secondary)        892.2050            Medical image
                                                            management and
                                                                        processing system

Plaque Analysis       QIH (secondary)        892.2050            Medical image
                                                            management and
                                                                        processing system

Planner              PJA (secondary)        870.1415            Coronary vascular
                                                                        physiologic simulation
                                                                       software device

3. Predicates
    This submission leverages Heartflow Analysis (K213857) as the primary predicate and
   Autoplaque (K122429) as an additional predicate, for validation of the plaque feature.

4. Device Description
   The Heartflow Analysis is an AI-based medical device software developed for the clinical
    quantitative and qualitative analysis of CT DICOM data. It is a tool for the analysis of CT
   DICOM-compliant cardiac images and data, to assess the anatomy and function of the coronary
    arteries in the risk stratification and evaluation of coronary artery disease.

   The software displays coronary anatomy and functional information using graphics and text,
    including computed and derived quantities of percent stenosis, plaque volumes, blood flow,
    pressure and velocity, to aid the clinician in the assessment and treatment planning of coronary
    artery disease.

   The Heartflow Analysis is performed on previously physician-acquired image data and is
    unrelated to acquisition equipment and clinical workstations.

5. Indications for Use
   The Heartflow Analysis is an AI-based medical device software for the clinical quantitative and
    qualitative analysis of previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM data for adult
    patients (ages 22 years and older) with suspected coronary artery disease.  It provides anatomic
    data, plaque localization and characterization, as well as the calculations of FFRCT, a coronary
    physiological simulation, computed from simulated pressure, velocity and blood flow information
    obtained from a 3D computer model generated from static coronary CT images. The Heartflow
    Analysis is intended to support the risk assessment and functional evaluation of coronary artery
    disease.

   The Heartflow Analysis is provided to support qualified clinicians to aid in the evaluation and
    risk assessment of coronary artery disease. The Heartflow Analysis is intended to be used by
    qualified clinicians in conjunction with the patient’s clinical history, symptoms, and other
    diagnostic tests, as well as the clinician’s professional judgment.

6. Technological Characteristics of Device
   The Heartflow Analysis is a software medical device that allows for the quantitative and
    qualitative analysis of Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography (cCTA). The predicates
   and this product have the same technological characteristics.

   The core technology remains unchanged from the primary predicate and continues to be trained
    using deep learning (AI and machine learning) since 2015, to incorporate learnings from the
   volumes of CT data and studies. All algorithms are then frozen and validated prior to product

release. There are no significant differences between the subject device and the predicate with
        respect to the intended use. The revised indications for use clarifies the patient population to be
        adult patients ages 22 years and older.
     6.1 Algorithm Updates
       Heartflow is writing this 510(k) submission to propose the implementation of changes to the
       Heartflow Analysis device. The subject device with updated plaque algorithm has been modified
        as part of this premarket submission. These changes include a retrained and validated plaque
        analysis algorithm, additional plaque visualization and quantification capabilities, and automation
        of internal quality controls functions.

Table 1. Predicate Device Comparison: Heartflow Analysis (K213857) vs. Heartflow Analysis (K250902)

                       Heartflow Analysis                    Heartflow Analysis
 510(k)               K213857                           K250902
 Manufacturer            HeartFlow, Inc.                          HeartFlow, Inc.
 Version                 3.18                                       4.0
 Regulation Number      870.1415                              870.1415
 Regulation Name        Coronary Physiologic Simulation          Coronary Physiologic Simulation
                         Software Device                         Software Device
 Classification            Class II                                  Class II
 Device Common Name   Heartflow Analysis                       Heartflow Analysis
 Product Code               • FFRCT: PJA (primary)                       • FFRCT: PJA (primary)
                                • RoadMapTM Analysis: LLZ                 • RoadMapTM Analysis: LLZ
                          (secondary)                               (secondary)
                                • Plaque Analysis: LLZ (secondary)          • Plaque Analysis: QIH (secondary)
                                • Planner: PJA (secondary)                     • Planner: PJA (secondary)
 Functions                    • Extract anatomical and plaque data from   • Extract anatomical and plaque data from
                               digital cardiac images for the display and    digital cardiac images for the display and
                             visualization of the anatomy of patient’s     visualization of the anatomy of patient’s
                         coronary arteries                         coronary arteries
                                • Compute FFRCT                               • Compute FFRCT
 Intended Use                • Review of CT angiographic images to      • Review of CT angiographic images to
                         confirm the coronary vessels              confirm the coronary vessels
                                • Semi-automated tools for extraction of     • Semi-automated tools for extraction of
                         anatomic data (including heart structures)   anatomic data (including heart structures)
                             for coronary physiologic simulation to aid   for coronary physiologic simulation to aid
                             in diagnosis of coronary artery disease       in diagnosis of coronary artery disease
                                • Centerline detection                           • Centerline detection
                                • Provide additional data derived from        • Provide additional data derived from
                         coronary CT anatomy and pathology       coronary CT anatomy and pathology
                                • Provide simulated hemodynamic            • Provide simulated hemodynamic
                          information                               information
 Data Source         CT                          CT

Output/Accessibility     Graphic and text results of coronary        Graphic and text results of coronary
                       anatomy and simulated data are accessed   anatomy and simulated data are accessed
                            via a device with internet connectivity       via a device with internet connectivity
 Physical Characteristics   Non-invasive software package DICOM    Non-invasive software package DICOM
                         compatible                              compatible
 Safety                    Clinician review and assessment of          Clinician review and assessment of
                            analysis prior to use as supplemental        analysis prior to use as supplemental
                            diagnostic aid                              diagnostic aid
 Features                     • Presentation of CT images for               • Presentation of CT images for
                          confirmation of extracted model            confirmation of extracted model
                                 • Automatic extraction of anatomic data      • Automatic extraction of anatomic data
                       from CT images for analysis             from CT images for analysis
                                 • Modeled stenosis and plaque*               • Modeled stenosis and plaque**
                          information                            information
                                 • Volume rendering based on centerlines     • Volume rendering based on centerlines
                                 • Automatic/semi-automatic lumen           • Automatic/semi-automatic lumen
                        boundary determination                  boundary determination
                                 • Annotate, tag, measure, and record          • Annotate, tag, measure, and record
                            selected views                              selected views
                                 • View the coronary vessels                    • View the coronary vessels
                                 • Modify anatomic model to remove          • Modify anatomic model to remove
                          luminal narrowing(s)                      luminal narrowing(s)
                                 • Expose interim calculations used as         • Expose interim calculations used as
                           input of FFRCT (e.g., mass and volume)    input of FFRCT (e.g., mass and volume)
                                 • Calculate functional parameters of the      • Calculate functional parameters of the
                            heart (e.g., Fractional Flow Reserve,        heart (e.g., Fractional Flow Reserve,
                   %myo)                          %myo)
                                 • Visualize plaque* information               • Visualize plaque** information
                                 • Graphic and text results                       • Graphic and text results
*Anatomical plaque calculation and visualization is supported by comparison to the Autoplaque reference device leveraged in K213857
**Anatomical plaque calculation and visualization is supported by direct CT Reader segmentation and annotation, which is new
ground truthing compared to the predicate

                          Table 2. Predicate Device Feature Comparison

                                                Heartflow Analysis       Heartflow Analysis                      Feature                                               (primary predicate)             (subject)

        Presentation of CT images for confirmation                                                      x                      x        of extracted model

       Automatic extraction of anatomic data                                                      x                      x       from CT images for analysis

      Modeled stenosis and plaque* information             x                      x

      Volume rendering based on centerlines                x                      x

       Automatic / Semi-automatic lumen                                                      x                      x       boundary determination

Annotate, tag, measure, and record selected                                                  x                      x   views

   View the coronary vessels                          x                      x

   Modify anatomic model to remove luminal                                                  x                      x   narrowing(s)

   Expose interim calculations used as input                                                  x                      x   of FFRCT (e.g., mass and volume)

   Calculate functional parameters of the heart                                                  x                      x    (e.g., Fractional Flow Reserve, %myo)

   Visualize plaque information*                       x                      x

   Case-level and vessel-level plaque                                                  x                      x    localization

   Lesion-level plaque localization                                            x

   Graphic and text results                            x                      x
    *Anatomical plaque calculation and visualization is supported by comparison to the Autoplaque predicate
    device for Heartflow Analysis predicate. Anatomical plaque calculation and visualization is supported by
     direct CT Reader segmentation and annotation for the subject device.

7. Summary of Performance Data
    Validation of the proposed deep learning algorithm was conducted to assess plaque localization
   and quantification performance against clinician annotations on the following endpoints at the
    point-wise and region-of-interest (ROI) levels: sensitivity, precision, and mean volume error
    difference.

    Heartflow established ground truth for the validation dataset by applying the plaque annotations
    as a mask over the segmentations, where both annotation and segmentation datapoints were
    collected from expert physicians. This approach excluded the non-overlapping sub-regions from
    the plaque localization and quantification primary endpoints. This method ensured objective
    plaque localization and quantification assessment only for regions truthed for plaque location and
    plaque volume to be able to compare Heartflow Analysis (subject) plaque algorithm and
    Heartflow Analysis (predicate) plaque algorithm in an objective manner.

    Following the process above, 60,555 unique ground truth areas (583 unique lesions from 100
    distinct patients) were established on CT DICOM images to calculate the co-primary endpoints
    for localization and quantification.

   The validation dataset consisted of previously completed commercial cases that are maintained in
    a restricted library solely used for validation testing. The restricted library aims to prevent any
    cases intended for validation testing, to be accidentally used for training or development
    purposes. The validation dataset was also stratified by the following confounders: patient age,

patient sex, image quality, scanner type, plaque type, number of ROI per case, ROI length in
millimeters, total plaque volume in millimeters cube, branch type, and vessel location.

To accurately represent the commercial population, cases from various scanner manufacturers
were used to create the validation dataset. Table 3 lists the scanner manufacturers represented in
the case list and the percentage of images represented by each manufacturer. Refer to Tables 4-6
for a breakdown of the validation dataset’s distribution of patient gender, age, and geographic
location, respectively,

             Table 3: Performance Assessment Dataset Scanner Manufacturer Distribution

        Manufacturer              Population Percentage        Test Set Percentage Target

           Siemens                   52%                     52%

     GE Medical Systems               27%                     26%

            Toshiba                      6.6%                   6%

               Philips                   6%                    6%

     Canon Medical Systems             5%                    6%

      Siemens Healthineers              3%                    4%

          Fujifilm, Hitachi                <1%                   0%


                  Table 4: Performance Assessment Dataset Patient Age Distribution

         Age Range                Population Percentage            Test Set Percentage

            <22                    <1%                   0%

             22-29                   1%                    2%

             30-39                   4%                    4%

             40-49                    11%                     10%

             50-59                    22%                     22%

             60-69                    32%                     31%

             70-79                    24%                     25%

             80-89                   6%                    6%

            >89                    <1%                   0%

Table 5: Performance Assessment Dataset Patient Sex Distribution

                  Sex                   Population Percentage        Test Set Percentage Target

                 Male                    50%                     50%

                 Female                    50%                     50%


     Validation data was comprised of 67 different institutions across the United States as outlined per
      state distribution in Table 6.

               Table 6: Performance Assessment Dataset Geographic Distribution

Geographic Location (by State)       Population Percentage      Test Set Percentage Target

         Alabama                   <1%                  1%

           Arizona                   2%                  1%

          Arkansas                  1%                  1%

            California                  9%                   12%

          Colorado                  3%                  3%

             Florida                   5%                  7%

           Georgia                   4%                  1%

               Illinois                   6%                   11%

            Indiana                   2%                  1%

           Iowa                    <1%                  1%

          Kentucky                  2%                  1%

           Louisiana                   <1%                  1%

           Maine                    <1%                  1%

          Michigan                  3%                  1%

          Minnesota                  1%                  3%

           Mississippi                  <1%                  3%

           Missouri                  1%                  1%

       New Jersey                  5%                  2%

New York                   14%                  4%

       North Carolina                6%                  5%

          Ohio                   2%                  4%

        Pennsylvania                 4%                  4%

         Tennessee                  4%                  7%

          Texas                   9%                   11%

        Washington                 1%                  1%

      West Virginia                 2%                  3%

         Wisconsin                  2%                  6%


    Heartflow Analysis (subject) plaque algorithm’s plaque localization sensitivity superiority
   compared to Heartflow Analysis (predicate) plaque algorithm at point-wise level sensitivity was
    0.151 (Goal > 0, p<0.0001). Heartflow Analysis (subject) plaque algorithm’s plaque localization
    performance measured with point-wise level DICE similarity coefficient was 0.8 (Goal > 0.7,
    p<0.0001), compared to Heartflow Analysis (predicate) plaque algorithm’s DICE similarity
    coefficient of 0.8. Heartflow Analysis (predicate) and Heartflow Analysis (subject) plaque
    quantification mean volume error difference at region-of-interest level was 8.1mm3 (Goal=0 mm3,
    p<0.0001). The performance assessment results indicate that the HeartFlow Analysis (subject)
    algorithm demonstrated statistically significant improved sensitivity in correctly detecting plaque
    locations across all regions and plaque types while maintaining a similar DICE coefficient score,
   when compared to the HeartFlow Analysis (predicate) algorithm performance on the same
    validation dataset. In addition to plaque localization, HeartFlow Analysis (subject) algorithm also
    demonstrated statistically significant improved plaque quantification with less volume error
    across all regions and plaque types.

    Overall, HeartFlow Analysis (subject) algorithm met all acceptance criteria and demonstrated
   improvement in the areas of sensitivity and volume error measurements when compared to the
    plaque localization and quantification algorithm that was cleared in the primary predicate,
   K213857.

8. Cybersecurity
    Heartflow has instituted cybersecurity controls to maintain the safety and security of the
    Heartflow Analysis. Study transmission is accomplished using Heartflow Connect or a third-party
  DICOM transfer device. This enables secure and reliable transmission of CT data. Heartflow
    assesses real and perceived cybersecurity vulnerabilities and uses specific software testing tools
    to ensure that the device remains safe and effective. Software de-bugging occurs on a nearly

monthly basis to ensure that issues are resolved quickly, and issues are triaged in accordance with
    the level of risk associated with them.

9. Summary of Studies
   The software was designed, developed, tested and validated according to written procedures.
   These procedures specify individuals within the organization responsible for developing and
    approving product specifications, coding, testing, validating and maintenance.

    Validation studies included stress testing, and repeatability testing to ensure the safety and
    effectiveness of the device. Software and medical device design validation has been completed.
   Medical device design included testing and evaluation using previously acquired diagnostic
   images received through Heartflow sponsored clinical trials.

   Summaries of pre-clinical studies were reviewed as part of a prior predicate review (K161772,
    the original predicate of K182035, K190925, and K203329). The results concluded the device
   was acceptable for use.

    Results of all current and previously referenced testing conclude the device is acceptable for use.

10.    Summary of Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)
   The Heartflow Analysis PCCP outlines three planned modifications to improve coronary plaque
    detection generalizability without requiring additional FDA submissions. These include (1)
    optimizing training parameters to account for new training data, (2) incorporating 3D spatial
    context as a new input, and (3) fine-tuning post processing parameters for specific complex
    regions defined in the protocol. Each proposed change will be implemented according to a
    thorough modification protocol and must satisfy rigorous performance standards. This includes
    demonstrating non-inferiority to the original model within defined limits for plaque detection
    sensitivity and volume error; additionally, the DICE score must remain above the acceptable
    lower limit of 0.7. Established performance assessment and validation protocols will be used,
    with modifications implemented incrementally to minimize risk. Acceptance criteria must be
     fulfilled before any model update.

    All authorized modifications made under the PCCP will be documented and included in the
    device’s labeling as the modifications are released. User communication will follow standard
    software release procedures in accordance with Heartflow’s quality management system.
    Specifically, Heartflow currently identifies version updates via the “What’s New” section of the
    Instructions for Use which includes detailed summaries of the changes within each version.

11.     Substantial Equivalence Discussion
   The subject device Heartflow Analysis has a similar intended use (with a clarification on patient
    population age and inclusion of plaque "localization" in lieu of “identification”) and identical
    operating principles with similar technological characteristics as the previously cleared Heartflow

Analysis. The subject device introduces modifications to the plaque analysis algorithm through
    retraining and validation. In addition, there are new plaque visualization and quantification
    capabilities. These modifications were fully validated and evaluated through Heartflow’s risk
    assessment processes. It was concluded that the proposed modifications do not raise new
    questions of safety and effectiveness.

    Additionally, the changes posed in the Predetermined Change Control Plan will undergo specific
    software testing to ensure that the performance of the device is not negatively affected by the
    modifications. The proposed changes to the algorithm are intended to strengthen the performance
    of the existing plaque algorithm through training parameter optimization and post-processing
    parameter refinement. These changes do not negatively impact the safety or effectiveness of the
    device per its intended use.

12.       Conclusion
   The conclusions drawn from the testing demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, and
    performs as well as the legally marketed devices identified in Section 6 above.