April 10, 2025
Philips Ultrasound LLC
Swetha Paritala
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Highway
Bothell, Washington 98021


Re: K250177
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System; Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                      System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: January 21, 2025
    Received: January 22, 2025


Dear Swetha Paritala:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250177 - Swetha Paritala                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250177 - Swetha Paritala                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                    YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)

                                                        I           K250177Device Name
 EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System;
  Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
 EPIQ:

 The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
 flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

 Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
  (Adult),  Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
 (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
 (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
 Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

 Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M
 Mode, Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

 The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
 clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

 When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and
 surgeon with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure
 uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.

 The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
 procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
 operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
 designed.

 However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical
 judgement and best clinical procedure.

  Affiniti:

 The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
 and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

 Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
 (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
 (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
 Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
 Transvaginal, Lung.

 Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M

Mode, Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

 The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include
 clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

 The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
 procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
 operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
 designed. However, nothing stated  in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
 clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250177
510(k) Summary                                            #K_______________________

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.
Date Prepared: January 10, 2025

       I.      Submitter
        Manufacturer Name and       Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
        Contact Information         SwethaRao Paritala
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                       Swetharao.partitala@philips.com
                                     1-412-969-1010
       Secondary Contact        Amy Yang
                                      Regulatory Affairs Director
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                    amy.yang@philips.com
                                     1-304-266-8208

       II.     Device
         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                       Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Product Code;                IYN; Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System; 21 CFR
        Regulation Description;      892.1550 (Primary)
        Regulation Number          IYO; Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System; 21 CFR
                                    892.1560
                                         ITX; Diagnostic Ultrasonic Transducer; 21 CFR 892.1570
                                 OBJ; Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter; 21 CFR 870.1200
                                    QIH; Medical Image Management and Processing System; 21
                           CFR 892.2050
        Device Class                 Class II
       Review Panel                Radiology
        Predicate Device            K242020; EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and
                                                       Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

       III.     Device Description
   The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce Remote Software
   Management (RSM) software feature onto the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
    Systems. The proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic
    Ultrasound Systems with new RSM software feature, which is a workflow-enhancement software
    feature, is equivalent to predicate device, K242020.

The Philips RSM feature provides the capabilities to remotely upgrade EPIQ/Affiniti Systems, with the
existing RSM capabilities, only patch upgrade was possible, and full upgrade (including OS
components) was not supported.

Enhancement Overview:

The full RSM feature provides the capabilities to perform a remote upgrade to EPIQ/Affiniti Systems.

The RSM feature is capable of deploying following packages onto the system:
    •  OS Packages
    •   Device Drivers
    •   Printer Drivers
    •  BIOS/UEFI version
    •   Application Packages
    •   Service Application Packages
    •   Automatic backup/restore of existing system settings

Along with the above functionalities, it also supports Automatic and Scheduled software
downloads/Installation.

No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti Systems are required when using RSM software feature,
and existing, commercialized Philips transducers are used for the RSM software feature. The feature
is supported by EPIQ and Affiniti models running software version 12.0.

IV.     Indications for Use
EPIQ:
The intended use of EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M
Mode, Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Affiniti:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
   (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
   (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
   Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
   Transvaginal, Lung.

  Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M
  Mode, Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

  The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include
    clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

  The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
   procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
   operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
   designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
    clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

   V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
  The purpose of the submission is to introduce the RSM software feature onto the EPIQ and Affiniti
   Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems. The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic
   Ultrasound Systems are all Track 3 Devices and comply with the referenced standards as well as the
  FDA Ultrasound Guidance Document, Guidance for Industrly and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of
   Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers, issued in February 2023. The subject devices are
   substantially equivalent to the predicate devices (K242020).
                     EPIQ and Affiniti Series       EPIQ and Affiniti Series
                     Diagnostic Ultrasound System  Diagnostic Ultrasound System      Feature                                                                Comparison                                                          (K242020)
                       Proposed Device              Predicate Device
                   Class II                        Class II                             Identical
   USA FDA
   Classification

                 IYN                        IYN                                 Identical
 Primary Product
     Code

                 21 CFR 892.1550             21 CFR 892.1550                  Identical
Primary Regulation
    Number

                 Remote Software Management  Remote Software Management   Subject of this
Marketing Name of                                                              submission
    Application

                 Remote Software Management  The Remote Software          The proposed RSM will
                    provides capabilities to remotely  Management feature allows      provide the patch
                  upgrade to major software       remote update capabilities, such  upgrade, major releases,
                    releases on EPIQ and Affiniti.    as bug fixes and patches. System Automatic and scheduled
             RSM is capable of deploying the  upgrades are performed by Field downloads of the
    Application     following packages onto the      Service Engineer                software where the
    Description     system:                                                          predicated RSM had only
                                                                                      the bug fixed and patch             OS Packages                                                                                 upgrades. The subject of
                   Device Drivers                                                             this submission is to
                                                                                     provide upgrades with
                       Printer Drivers                                                    the full RSM.

EPIQ and Affiniti Series       EPIQ and Affiniti Series
                  Diagnostic Ultrasound System  Diagnostic Ultrasound System   Feature                                                                Comparison                                                       (K242020)
                     Proposed Device              Predicate Device
               BIOS/UEFI Version
                   Application Packages
                  Service Application Packages
                 Automatic backup/restore of
                    existing system settings
                Along with the above
                     functionalities, it also supports
                 Automatic and Scheduled
                  software downloads/installation.
               The system must be connected to The system must be connected to The proposed RSM will
                  the Philips Remote Server. The   the Philips Remote Server. The   provide an automatic,
                 user can go into Philips Support  user can go into Philips Support  Scheduled download to
                Connect and navigate the       Connect and navigate the        the user where the
                download and installation process download and installation process predicate device requires
User Interface     for system updates and upgrades. for system updates only.         the user to connect
 Presentation     Additionally, Remote Software                                        Philips Support and
              Management supports automatic                                  navigate
               and scheduled software                                      system manually. There
                downloads and installations.                                                 is no change to the
                                                                                       user’s functionality with
                                                                                                                         full RSM feature.
              Remote Service Engineer         Field service engineer performs   Subject of this
                 performs verification post             full upgrade activities.           Submission.
                      installation, verify all settings and                                      Verification and
                  customizations are retained.                                         Validation Testing has
                     Installation is verified through the                            been conducted on the Application                    Philips Remote Service portal.                       RSM feature to support performance                                                                                    the Application
                                                                            performance is
                                                                                     equivalent to the
                                                                                     predicate device.


 VI.     Safety Considerations
The subject device comply with the referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance
document, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems and Transducers, issued on February 2023.

 VII.    Non-Clinical Performance Data
The proposed modification of the EPIQ Series and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was
 tested in accordance with Philips Internal Procedures. The design process incorporated IEC 62304
Medical Device Software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015 and Risk Management
procedures were applied in accordance with ISO 14971 Medical devices - Application of risk
management to medical devices, to ensure the continued safe and effective performance. All
software verification tests met the acceptance criteria.

 VIII.    Clinical Data
 The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System did not require clinical data
  for determination of substantial equivalence since substantial equivalence was demonstrated based
 on the following attributes:

•   Design features
 •   Indications for use
 •   Fundamental scientific technology
 •   Non-clinical performance testing
 •   Safety and effectiveness

IX.    Conclusion
For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
proposed Remote Software Management software feature meets the intended use. The proposed
devices and predicate device:

        •   Are indicated for the diagnostic ultrasonic imaging and fluid flow analysis.
        •  Have identical intended users and use environments.
        •  Have the same device classification, product codes.
        •  Have identical software.
        •   Are introducing no new hardware or transducers.

The differences between the proposed device and predicate device do not raise new questions of
safety and/or effectiveness. The major differences include:

    •  The Remote Software Management feature recommends particular frames that user can go
         into Philips Support Connect and navigate the download and installation process for system
       updates and upgrades. Additionally, Remote Software Management supports automatic and
       scheduled software downloads and installations, where the predicate devices require user
       can go into Philips Support Connect and navigate the download and installation process for
       system updates only.

Therefore, the proposed Remote Software Management feature for the EPIQ and Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is substantially equivalent to the predicate EPIQ and Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems in terms of safety and effectiveness.