November 25, 2025

mlHealth 360
℅ Sujata Ghatpande
Regulatory Consultant
Product Success Inc.
#7, 1 Aspenwood Drive
Port Moody, BC V3H4X8
Canada

Re: K250694
    Trade/Device Name: Scaida BrainCT-ICH (v1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: October 28, 2025
    Received: October 28, 2025

Dear Sujata Ghatpande:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions
of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products
may  instead  be  combination  products. The  510(k)  Premarket  Notification  Database  available  at
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm    identifies    combination    product
submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please
note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however,
that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250694 - Sujata Ghatpande                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change
to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has
made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and
regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements,
including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical
device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or
postmarketing  safety  reporting  (21 CFR  Part  4,  Subpart  B)  for  combination  products  (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A)
for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a)
and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification
Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please
see  the UDI  System  webpage  at  https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensiveregulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803),
please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-howreport-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information  about  labeling  regulations,  please  see  Device  Advice  (https://www.fda.gov/medical-

K250694 - Sujata Ghatpande                                                           Page  3


devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance)         and      CDRH         Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn).  Additionally, you may  contact  the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the   DICE    website    (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                                Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
im oar _ K250694

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

Please provide the device trade name(s).
Scaida BrainCT-ICH

Please provide your Indications for Use below.
Scaida BrainCT-ICH is a radiological computer aided notification software indicated for use in the analysis
of non-contrast head CT images of adult patients (ages 22 and above).
The device is intended to assist trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating
suspected positive findings of pathologies in head CT images, for Intracranial Hemorrhages (ICH). The
suspected ICH could be part of any of these five subtypes: Intraparenchymal hemorrhage (IPH),
Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), Subdural hemorrhage (SDH), and
Epidural Hemorrhage (EDH). The Scaida BrainCT-ICH device does not provide this ICH subclassification to
the user; it uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images, and it identifies cases with suspected
ICH only.
The device does not alter the original medical image, does not remove cases from the queue, and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic device or for use in patients under 22 years of age. If the clinician does
not view the case, or if a case is not flagged, cases remain to be processed per the standard of care.
The results of Scaida BrainCT-ICH are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified radiologists
are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as [XJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

applicable). [[] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
Scaida BrainCT-ICH Page 9 of 45

K250694
Contact Details: 21 CFR 807.92 (a) (1)

Contact Details:

 Applicant Name                         mlHealth 360 Inc.
 Applicant Address                          Unit 204, 9900 King George Blvd Surrey
                             BC V3T0K9 Canada
 Applicant Contact Telephone
                                        +1(604) 369-087

 Applicant Contact                        Mr. Kumar Surender Sinwar
 Applicant Contact Email                 surender@mlhealth360.com
 Correspondent Name                    Product Success Inc.
 Correspondent Address                   #7, 1 Aspenwood Drive Port Moody BC
                                V3H4X8 Canada
 Correspondent Contact Telephone       5144418227
 Correspondent Contact                   Sujata Ghatpande
 Correspondent Contact Email             sujata@ps.inc


Device Name: 21 CFR 807.92 (a) (2)

 Device Name                          Scaida BrainCT-ICH
 Common Name                           Radiological computer aided triage and
                                                  notification software
 Classification Name                       Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage
                                  And Notification Software
 Regulation Number
                                      892.2080

 Product Code(s)                 QAS


Legally Marketed Predicate Devices: 21 CFR 807.92 (a) (3)

 Predicate #                         K211179
 Predicate Trade Name (Primary           InferRead CT Stroke.AI
 Predicate is listed first)
 Product Code                   QAS

Device description summary 21 CFR 807.92 (a) (4)

Scaida BrainCT-ICH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device
that alerts of suspected intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) condition by analyzing non-contrast CT
images.

The software needs to be integrated with a third-party worklist application to receive analysis
requests and the corresponding DICOM images and return the ICH findings (whether suspected
ICH is found) to the worklist to alert the radiologists. Scaida BrainCT-ICH solely provides a
suspected ICH finding: displaying the detection is at the user’s own discretion.

The device will be integrated as a part of a hospital’s or a clinic’s imaging workflow.

The device has no user interface and is a software-only device that has no contact with the patient.


Intended use/Indications for Use (a) (5)

Scaida BrainCT-ICH is a radiological computer aided notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of non-contrast head CT images of adult patients (ages 22 and above).

The device  is intended  to  assist trained  radiologists  in workflow  triage by flagging and
communicating suspected positive findings of pathologies in head CT images, for Intracranial
Hemorrhages  (ICH). The suspected ICH could be  part  of any  of these  five subtypes:
Intraparenchymal  hemorrhage  (IPH),  Intraventricular  hemorrhage  (IVH),  Subarachnoid
hemorrhage (SAH), Subdural hemorrhage (SDH), and Epidural Hemorrhage (EDH). The Scaida
BrainCT-ICH device does not provide this ICH subclassification to the user;  it uses an artificial
intelligence algorithm to analyze images, and it identifies cases with suspected ICH only.

The device does not alter the original medical image, does not remove cases from the queue,
and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device or for use in patients under 22 years of age.
If the clinician does not view the case, or if a case is not flagged, cases remain to be processed
per the standard of care.

The results of Scaida BrainCT-ICH are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient
information and based on professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical
images. Notified radiologists are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92 (a) (5)

The indications for use of the subject device are the same as that of the predicate device
(K211179)

Technological Comparison 21 CFR 807.92 (a) (6)

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device given the similar intended
use, similar indications for use, and the overall performance from the subject device does not
have significant differences as the predicate device. Both devices leverage artificial intelligence
algorithms to identify ICH findings from non-contrast brain CT scans, and notify the radiologists
to assist them in triage of medical images. Both devices are also intended to be used in
conjunction with the clinician’s professional judgement.

Results presented with this submission demonstrate that the Scaida BrainCT-ICH device is as
safe and effective as the legally marketed predicate device InferRead CT Stroke.AI (K211179),
as per the comparison table below.

 Item                Scaida BrainCT-ICH           InferRead CT Stroke.AI      Comparison
                       (Subject device)            K211179
                                                      (Predicate device)
 Intended               Radiological computer aided     Radiological computer aided  Same
 use/indications for      notification software indicated    triage and notification
 use                       for use in the analysis of non-    software for use in the
                         contrast head CT images of      analysis of Non-Enhanced
                          adult patients. The device is    Head CT images. The device
                       intended to assist trained           is intended to assist hospital
                          radiologists in workflow triage    networks and trained
                     by flagging and communicating   radiologists in workflow triage
                      suspected positive findings of   by flagging suspected
                           Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).   positive findings of
                                                               Intracranial Hemorrhage
                                                          (ICH).
 User population        Radiologist                      Radiologist              Same
 Patient population      Adult                            Adult                  Same
 Anatomical region of  Head                     Head                  Same
 interest
 Data acquisition     NCCT                 NCCT                  Same
 protocol
 Segmentation of     No                     No                    Same
 region of interest
 Algorithm              AI algorithm with database of    AI algorithm with database of  Same
                     images                      images
 Notification/         Yes                          Yes, case-level indicator     Same
 prioritization
 Preview images      No                             Presentation of a preview of    Preview of
                                                        the study for initial           images is not
                                                 assessment not meant for      available
                                                          diagnostic purposes.
                                             The device operates in
                                                                parallel with the standard of
                                                          care, which remains the
                                                             default option for all cases
 Alteration of original   No                     No                    Same
 image
 Removal of cases    No                     No                    Same
 from worklist queue

Clinical standard of     In parallel to                       In parallel to             Same
 care workflow
 Design: DICOM      Yes                       Yes                   Same
 compliance
 Design: Computer     Standard off-the-shelf server or  Standard off-the-shelf server  Same
 Platform                  virtual server                     or virtual server
 Design: Data          Acquires medical image data    Acquires medical image data  Same
 acquisition            from DICOM compliant imaging  from DICOM compliant
                       devices and modalities          imaging devices and
                                                          modalities
 Energy used and/or   None – software only         None – software only       Same
 delivered                application. The software         application. The software
                          application does not deliver or    application does not deliver
                    depend on energy delivered to   or depend on energy
                         or from patients                  delivered to or from patients
 Materials            N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Biocompatibility       N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Sterility             N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Electrical Safety      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Mechanical Safety    N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Chemical Safety      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Thermal Safety       N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same
 Radiation Safety      N/A – Software only device     N/A – Software only device   Same

A history of safe use has been established for the predicate device with no history of designrelated recalls or adverse events found in FDA databases (no Medical Device Recalls, no MAUDE
entries related to safety and performance).

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)

Non-Clinical Tests

The following non-clinical tests were conducted:

1. Software Verification and Validation:
Purpose: Software testing was conducted on the key software components of Scaida BrainCT–
ICH to ensure the reliability, accuracy, and security of image processing and display functionalities.
Tests Included: Verification of software requirements and risk controls

2. Retrospective study to evaluate software performance: We conducted a retrospective study
with the Scaida BrainCT-ICH device to evaluate the software performance  in  identifying
intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) findings from non-contrast head computed tomography (CT) scans.
This study leveraged a deep learning algorithm to differentiate images containing ICH or not,
using ground  truth images annotated by  trained  neuro-radiologists, and  therein provide
notification from the findings.


Clinical Tests

Clinical tests were not conducted as our comprehensive analysis and documentation, including
nonclinical tests and performance evaluations, have provided substantial evidence demonstrating
the equivalence of Scaida BrainCT-ICH to the predicate device.


Conclusions

Below are the conclusions that were drawn based on nonclinical tests conducted comparing
Scaida BrainCT-ICH and the predicate device:


1. Software Verification and Validation:

Conclusion: Rigorous software verification and validation processes were conducted, ensuring
that the subject device functions accurately and reliably when compared to the predicate device.
100% of the tests passed verification. The results demonstrated that the software meets specified
requirements, providing a safe and effective platform for its intended use.


2. Performance Testing:

Conclusion: The intended use, functionality and performance of the subject device Scaida
BrainCT-ICH and the predicate device are equivalent. The result of the non-clinical performance
testing is evidence that the subject device performs in an equivalent manner to the predicate
device.

Performance Data

mlHealth 360 Inc. conducted a retrospective study with the Scaida BrainCT-ICH device to
evaluate the software performance in identifying intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) findings from
non-contrast head computed tomography (CT) scans. This study leveraged a deep learning
algorithm to differentiate images containing ICH or not, using ground truth images annotated by
three ABR-certified trained neuro-radiologists, and therein provide notification from the findings.
In the event of a tie for ground truth annotations, the most experienced neuroradiologist was the
tie breaker.

A total of 294 cases were collected from three institutions in the United States (two of which
independent of the development set), including a balanced proportion of 63.9% ICH cases and
36.1% non-ICH cases. Across institutions, the data was acquired on scanners from several
manufacturers, including 53.4% GE Medical, 9.9% Siemens, and 36.7% Toshiba. The data also
comprised of a diverse population of 50.7% females and 49.3% males, across different age
groups (15.0% aged 22-40 years old, and 85.0% aged above 40 years old). The data was
collected among various ICH subgroups such as 23.4% Intraparenchymal hemorrhage (IPH),
23.4%  Subdural  hemorrhage  (SDH),  22.9%  Intraventricular  hemorrhage  (IVH),  22.9%
Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), and 7.4% Extradural/Epidural hemorrhage (EDH).

The performance of Scaida BrainCT-ICH reached a sensitivity of 0.867 (95% CI: 0.811-0.908)
and a specificity of 0.887 (95% CI: 0.812-0.934). This demonstrates that this study met the predefined criteria on the validation dataset, having lower bounds of the CI from both sensitivity and
sensitivity exceeding 80%. The area under the receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve
(AUC) was 0.926. This further demonstrates the clinically meaningful results from using the
Scaida BrainCT-ICH to alert of suspected ICH from non-contrast head CT images.


Conclusions

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device given the similar intended
use, similar indications for use, and the overall performance from the subject device does not
have significant differences as the predicate device. Both devices leverage artificial intelligence
algorithms to identify ICH findings from non-contrast brain CT scans, and notify the radiologists
to assist them in triage of medical images. Both devices are also intended to be used in
conjunction with the clinician’s professional judgement.

Results presented here demonstrate that the Scaida BrainCT-ICH device is as safe and effective
as the legally marketed predicate device InferRead CT Stroke.AI (K211179).