August 12, 2025


Dentsply Sirona Inc.
℅ Deepthi Paknikar
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
221 West Philadelphia St.
Suite 60W
YORK, PA 17401


Re: K250755
    Trade/Device Name: DS Core Diagnosis
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: July 9, 2025
    Received: July 9, 2025


Dear Deepthi Paknikar:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250755 - Deepthi Paknikar                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250755 - Deepthi Paknikar                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

51 0(k) Number (if known)
K250755

Device Name
DS Core Diagnosis


Indications for Use (Describe)
DS Core Diagnosis is a software product for use in dentistry for viewing and interacting with digital or digitized patient
media as well as supporting the diagnosis of digital and digitized patient media. Intended users will be able to view and
analyze different media types in one viewer.
The Panoramic Curve Proposal feature is intended for patients aged 12 years and older with permanent dentition.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250755_510k Summary


510k Summary for DS Core Diagnosis-K250755

Prepared: 8/11/2025

Contact Details

    •    Applicant Name: Dentsply Sirona Inc.
    •    Applicant Address: 221 West Philadelphia St. Suite 60W York PA 17401 United States
    •    Applicant Contact Telephone: 630-201-1612
    •    Applicant Contact: Dr. Deepthi Paknikar
    •    Applicant Contact Email: deepthi.paknikar@dentsplysirona.com

Device Name

    •   Device Trade Name: DS Core Diagnosis
    •  Common Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
    •    Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
    •   Regulation Number: 892.2050
    •   Product Code(s): QIH

Legally Marketed Predicate Devices

    •    Predicate K#: K132773
    •    Predicate Trade Name: Sidexis 4
    •   Product Code: LLZ
Device Description Summary

DS Core Diagnosis is a cloud-based dental imaging software that provides access to dental media and
images via an active internet connection. It is a medical device that can only be used in combination with
the DS Core Platform. Classified as a Class II dental imaging software, DS Core Diagnosis allows users
to view a variety of media types, including 2D and 3D images (e.g., bitewings, periapicals, panoramic,
CBCT, etc.), as well as photos and documentation.

The software includes standard image viewing tools such as annotation, flip, rotate, contrast adjustment,
brightness, and magnification.

DS Core Diagnosis also features a Machine Learning enabled panoramic curve proposal algorithm for a
proposed panoramic curve of a CBCT scan along the dental arch, which can be adjusted and reviewed by
the user. The architecture is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model.

DS Core Diagnosis does not interact directly with patients or control any life-sustaining devices. The
software does not perform diagnoses; instead, it provides tools to assist qualified clinicians in interpreting
the displayed images and making informed decisions.
Intended Use/Indications for Use

DS Core Diagnosis is a software product for use in dentistry for viewing and interacting with digital or
digitized patient media as well as supporting the diagnosis of digital or digitized patient media. Intended
users will be able to view and analyze different media types in one viewer.
The Panoramic Curve Proposal feature is intended for patients aged 12 years and older with permanent
dentition.


Page 1 of 3

K250755_510k Summary

Indications for Use Comparison

Both the subject and predicate devices share the same essential indications for use. While there are minor
distinctions—such as the subject device's absence of image acquisition and its cloud-based
functionality— these differences do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device. Both devices
ultimately serve the same core purpose: to provide a platform for image review and diagnosis by qualified
professionals.
Technological Comparison

Both devices are software as a medical device and allow users to view a variety of media types, including
2D and 3D images. The subject device is a cloud-based software as a medical device, whereas the
predicate device is a downloaded desktop-based software as a medical device. The subject device does
not include image acquisition, whereas the predicate device does. Both devices offer the same
fundamental user-defined settings for image viewing, such as brightness, contrast, zoom, gamma, moving
content in the media window, and image navigation. Minor differences in the viewer exist, such as the
organization of the viewing windows or the appearance of feature (brightness, contrast, etc.) icons. Both
devices include a panoramic curve proposal feature that can be manually reviewed and adjusted by the
user. The panoramic curve proposal feature is AI/ML enabled in the subject device and is not AI/ML
enabled for the predicate device.
Non-Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

Nonclinical performance testing results were reviewed as part of this submission. Software verification
and validation testing was also completed.

For model-specific performance evaluation, the panoramic curve proposal success rate (PCPSR) was
measured. The PCPSR represents the percentage of cases where the proposed panoramic curve projection
layer includes all teeth in the scan. The evaluation results showed that the panoramic curve proposal
performance met the prespecified acceptance criteria.

Dentsply Sirona Scans: PCPSR of 98.81%, with the lower bound of the 95% CI at 94.57%.

All Scans (Dentsply Sirona & Third Party): PCPSR of 99%, with 99 of 100 scans considered “successful”
and the lower bound of the 95% CI at 95.42%. Various subgroups were analyzed, yielding a PCPSR range
of 97.78-100%, all passing the acceptance criteria.

An expert clinical evaluation was also conducted that passed all predefined acceptance criteria. In this
evaluation, clinical experts assessed a dataset made up of CBCT images, to evaluate the reconstructed
CBCT panorama to determine the clinical acceptability of the default panoramic image (without user
modification) with the panoramic curve proposal generated by the Panoramic Curve Proposal (PCP)
algorithm. The results demonstrated that the predefined primary endpoint acceptance criteria were met,
which was to determine the acceptability (pass/fail) of the CBCT reconstructed panoramic images based
on the panoramic curve proposal (without user modification) to begin working per the standard of care.
The results reported a 92.5% pass rate overall for the primary endpoint of this evaluation, demonstrating
that the expert clinical evaluation was successful for the panoramic curve proposal algorithm.


Page 2 of 3

K250755_510k Summary

System validation and usability testing for the DS Core Diagnosis device were conducted with clinicians,
including the panoramic curve proposal feature in the scope. The results demonstrated that all tests were
successfully passed.

In summary, the panoramic curve proposal feature performance met the prespecified acceptance criteria,
with a very high success rate and highly generalizable performance across different subgroups.
Regardless of this strong performance, the users of the device retain full autonomy and can adjust and
review the proposed panoramic curve.

The results of nonclinical performance testing support the determination of substantial equivalence.


Page 3 of 3