Clarius Mobile Health Corp.
Agatha Szeliga
Director, Regulatory Affairs
205-2980 Virtual Way
VANCOUVER, BC V5M 4X3
CANADA                                            May 8, 2025

Re: K250226
    Trade/Device Name:  Clarius Median Nerve AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 4, 2025
    Received: April 7, 2025

Dear Agatha Szeliga:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250226 - Agatha Szeliga                                                             Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K250226 - Agatha Szeliga                                                             Page  3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)


Device Name
Clarius Median Nerve AI


Indications for Use (Describe)

Clarius Median Nerve AI is intended for segmentation and semi-automatic non-invasive measurements of the median
nerve cross-sectional area on ultrasound data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner (i.e., linear array scanners). The
user shall be a healthcare professional trained and qualified in ultrasound. The user retains the responsibility of
confirming the validity of the measurements based on standard practices and clinical judgment. Clarius Median Nerve Al
is indicated for use in adult patients only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250226

                          510(k) Summary


This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR § 807.92.

Subject Device Trade Name:            Clarius Median Nerve AI

Device Classification Name:          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

Regulation Number, Name and Product Code:

 Regulation Number                        Regulation Name                   Product Code
 21 CFR § 892.2050         Medical Image Management and Processing System         QIH

FDA 510(k) Review Panel:             Radiology

Classification:                          Class II

Manufacturer:                          Clarius Mobile Health Corp.
                                  205-2980 Virtual Way
                                    Vancouver, BC V5M 4X3 Canada

Contact Name:                     Agatha Szeliga
                                         Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                      agatha.szeliga@clarius.com

Date 510(k) Summary Prepared:     May 8, 2025

Predicate Device Information:

 Device Trade Name:                          Clarius AI
 510(k) Reference:                      K222406
 Manufacturer Name:                         Clarius Mobile Health Corp.
 Regulation Name:                        Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Device Classification Name:              Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Primary Product Code:                  QIH
 Regulation Number:                    21 CFR § 892.2050
 Regulatory Class:                            Class II
Note: The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.

Device Description
Clarius Median Nerve AI is a machine learning algorithm that is integrated into the Clarius App software
as part of the complete Clarius Ultrasound Scanner system for use in musculoskeletal ultrasound
applications, specifically intended for segmentation and measurement of the cross-sectional area of the
median nerve. Clarius Median Nerve AI is intended for use by trained healthcare practitioners for

                                                                            Page 1 of 14

K250226

measurement of the cross-sectional area (CSA) of the median nerve on ultrasound data acquired by the
Clarius Ultrasound Scanner system (i.e., linear array scanners) using a deep learning image segmentation
algorithm.

During the ultrasound imaging procedure, the anatomical site is selected through a preset software
selection (i.e., Hand/Wrist) from the Clarius App in which Clarius Median Nerve AI will segment the median
nerve in transverse view (with a segmentation mask placed on the ultrasound image) and engage to
automatically place calipers on the segmentation mask to measure the median nerve’s cross-sectional
area.

Clarius Median Nerve AI operates by performing the following tasks:

    •   Automatic detection and measurement of the median nerve in transverse view

Clarius Median Nerve AI operates by identifying and segmenting the median nerve in the forearm and
wrist and performs automatic measurements of the median nerve’s cross-sectional area. The user has
the option to manually adjust the measurements made by Clarius Median Nerve AI by moving the caliper
crosshairs.  Clarius Median Nerve AI does not perform any functions that could not be accomplished
manually by a trained and qualified user.

Clarius Median Nerve AI is an assistive tool intended to inform clinical management and is not intended
to replace clinical decision-making. The clinician retains the ultimate responsibility of ascertaining the
measurements based on standard practices and clinical judgment. Clarius Median Nerve AI is indicated
for use in adult patients only.

Clarius Median Nerve AI is integrated into the Clarius App software, which is compatible with iOS and
Android operating systems two versions prior to the latest iOS or Android stable release build and is
intended for use with the following Clarius Ultrasound Scanner system transducers (previously 510(k)-
cleared in K213436). Clarius Median Nerve AI is not a stand-alone software device.

 Clarius Ultrasound Transducers                  L7 HD3; L15 HD3; L20 HD3
                                                        Clarius Ultrasound App (Clarius App) for iOS; Clarius App Software                                                        Clarius Ultrasound App (Clarius App) for Android

Indications for Use for Clarius Median Nerve AI

Clarius Median Nerve AI is intended for segmentation and semi-automatic non-invasive measurements of
the median nerve cross-sectional area on ultrasound data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner (i.e.,
linear array scanners). The user shall be a healthcare professional trained and qualified in ultrasound.
The user retains the responsibility of confirming the validity of the measurements based on standard
practices and clinical judgment. Clarius Median Nerve AI is intended for use in adult patients only.
Comparison of the Subject Device and Legally Marketed Device for Demonstration of Substantial
Equivalence

The following table provides a comparison of the subject device, Clarius Median Nerve AI, to the predicate
device, Clarius AI. The comparison of the subject device to the legally marketed device shows that the
subject device has the same intended use, similar indications for use, the same principle of operation, and


                                                                            Page 2 of 14

( 1 ultrasound K250226
G cla rius anywhere
is based on a similar AI/ML algorithm providing segmentation and measurement of musculoskeletal
structures, comparable to the legally marketed device referenced herein.
Page 3 of 14

K250226

                              Table 1 - Comparison of the Subject Device to the Legally Marketed Device

              Criteria                    SUBJECT DEVICE               PREDICATE DEVICE                 RATIONALE
                                                                                                                                                               (if subject device differs from
Device Trade Name                      Clarius Median Nerve AI                    Clarius AI                      predicate device)
510(k) Holder/ Manufacturer        Clarius Mobile Health Corp.          Clarius Mobile Health Corp.       Same as predicate device.
Submission Reference              Current Submission              K222406                       Not applicable
Primary Product Code            QIH                          QIH                        Same as predicate device.
Device Classification Name        Automated Radiological          Automated Radiological          Same as predicate device.
                              Image Processing Software        Image Processing Software
Regulation Name                 Medical Image Management and    Medical Image Management and   Same as predicate device.
                                   Processing System                  Processing System
Regulation Number              21 CFR § 892.2050               21 CFR § 892.2050              Same as predicate device.
Intended Use                     Intended for use as an assistive     Non-invasive processing of        Same as predicate device.
                                     tool during the acquisition and      ultrasound images using
                                     interpretation of ultrasound        automatic image segmentation
                                images utilizing an artificial        and measurement of anatomical
                                    intelligence/machine-learning       structures utilizing artificial
                                  algorithm for segmentation and     intelligence/ machine learning
                             measurement of anatomical         algorithms.
                                      structures.
Indications for Use                   Clarius Median Nerve AI is           Clarius AI is intended to semi-      Both the predicate device and
                                 intended for segmentation          automatically place calipers for      subject device are indicated for
                              and semi-automatic non-           non-invasive measurements of     semi-automated measurements
                                     invasive measurements of the       musculoskeletal structures (e.g.,     of anatomical (musculoskeletal)
                              median nerve cross-sectional         Achilles’ tendon, plantar fascia,      structures on ultrasound image
                                  area on ultrasound data              patellar tendon) on ultrasound      data acquired by the Clarius
                                  acquired by the Clarius             data acquired by the Clarius        Ultrasound Scanner using AI/MLUltrasound Scanner (i.e.,           Ultrasound Scanner (i.e., L7 and    based technology. Both devices
                                       linear array scanners). The          L15). The user shall be a            detect the anatomical structure,
                                  user shall be a healthcare           healthcare professional trained     perform segmentation, and
                                    professional trained and          and qualified in MSK              perform measurements of the
                                      qualified in ultrasound. The         (musculoskeletal) ultrasound. The   structure. Both the predicate and
                                  user retains the responsibility       user shall retain the ultimate        subject devices are intended for
                                    of confirming the validity of          responsibility of ascertaining the    use as an adjunctive ‘tool’ or aid
                                 the measurements based on       measurements based on standard  by the user for the segmentation
                                 standard practices and clinical       practices and clinical judgment.    and anatomical measurements of

                                                                                                            Page 4 of 14

K250226


              Criteria                    SUBJECT DEVICE               PREDICATE DEVICE                 RATIONALE
                                                                                                                                                               (if subject device differs from
Device Trade Name                      Clarius Median Nerve AI                    Clarius AI                      predicate device)
                                 judgment. Clarius Median                                            ultrasound images and are not
                               Nerve Al is indicated for use                                         intended to replace clinical
                                        in adult patients only.                                                  decision-making. The minor
                                                                                                              differences in the indications for
                                                                                               use do not impact the safety and
                                                                                                              effectiveness of the subject
                                                                                                       device relative to the predicate
                                                                                                              device.
Radiological application/           Ultrasound                       Ultrasound                   Same as predicate device.
Supported modality
Principle of Operation/             Ultrasound image processing       Ultrasound image processing      Same as predicate device.
Technology                       software implementing artificial     software implementing artificial
                                       intelligence utilizing non-adaptive   intelligence utilizing non-adaptive
                              machine learning algorithms       machine learning algorithms
                                    trained with clinical and/or          trained with clinical and/or
                                              artificial data intended for              artificial data intended for
                                segmentation and measurements   segmentation and measurements
                                    of ultrasound data.                 of ultrasound data.
Quantitative and/or Qualitative    Median nerve cross-sectional area  Tendon thickness measurement     Equivalent to the predicate
Analysis                       measurement                                                            device. The subject device
                                                                                                 performs semi-automated
                                                                                         measurements of the median
                                                                                                 nerve cross-sectional area,
                                                                                            whereas the predicate device
                                                                                                 performs semi-automated
                                                                                         measurements of tendon
                                                                                                                thickness.
Segmentation                     Yes – Segmentation of anatomical   Yes – Segmentation of anatomical   Equivalent to the predicate
                                     structures (median nerve)           structures (tendons)                 device. The only difference is the
                                                                                                    anatomical structure (median
                                                                                                 nerve vs. tendons).
Measurement                     Yes – Measurement of anatomical   Yes – Measurement of anatomical   Equivalent to the predicate
                                     structures (median nerve cross-     structures (tendon thickness of      device. The only difference is the
                                     sectional area)

                                                                                                            Page 5 of 14

K250226


              Criteria                    SUBJECT DEVICE               PREDICATE DEVICE                 RATIONALE
                                                                                                                                                               (if subject device differs from
Device Trade Name                      Clarius Median Nerve AI                    Clarius AI                      predicate device)
                                                                  the Achilles’ tendon, plantar        anatomical structure (median
                                                                                   fascia, patellar tendon)            nerve vs. tendons).
Algorithm Methodology                Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine   Artificial Intelligence (AI)/Machine  Same as predicate device.
                                  Learning (ML)                      Learning (ML)

                              Image segmentation for border     Image segmentation for border
                                    detection, and median nerve view   detection, and tendon view
                                         classification using a Deep Neural    classification using a Deep Neural
                                Network.                        Network.
Automation                      Yes                              Yes                         Same as predicate device.
(Yes or No)
Manual adjustment/Manual        Yes                              Yes                         Same as predicate device.
editing capability
(Yes or No)
Environment of Use                Healthcare setting (e.g., hospital,    Healthcare setting (e.g., hospital,   Same as predicate device.
                                             clinic)                                      clinic)
Anatomical Site                     Wrist, forearm                      Foot, ankle, knee                The difference in anatomical site
                                                                                             does not impact the safety and
                                                                                                              effectiveness of the subject
                                                                                                       device relative to the predicate
                                                                                                              device.
Intended Users                    Licensed healthcare professionals   Licensed healthcare professionals  Same as predicate device.
Patient Population                 Adults                             Adults                      Same as reference device.
Operating System Compatibility     iOS and Android                   iOS and Android               Same as predicate device.
Platform                     Embedded in the Clarius         Embedded in the Clarius         Same as predicate device.
                                  ultrasound app for use with the     ultrasound app for use with the
                                       Clarius Ultrasound Scanner          Clarius Ultrasound Scanner
                               system                         system


                                                                                                            Page 6 of 14

K250226

Non-Clinical Performance Testing Summary
Clarius Median Nerve AI was designed and developed by Clarius Mobile Health Corp. in accordance with
the applicable requirements, design controls, and standards to establish safety and effectiveness of the
device.
Non-clinical performance testing has demonstrated that Clarius Median Nerve AI complies with the
following FDA-recognized consensus standards:

    Standard                                                  Title of Standard
  Recognition
   Number
 13-79           IEC 62304:2006 + A1:2015 - Medical device software — Software life cycle processes
 5-125          ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices — Application of risk management to medical devices
 12-349       NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2022d) Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set
 5-129           IEC 62366-1:2015 + A1:2020 Medical devices — Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
                 medical devices
 5-134          ISO 15223-1:2021 Medical devices — Symbols to be used with medical device labels, labelling
               and information to be supplied

Safety and performance of Clarius Median Nerve AI have been evaluated through verification and
validation testing in accordance with applicable specifications, acceptance criteria, and performance
standards. The traceability analysis provides traceability between the requirement specifications, design
specifications, risks, and verification testing of the subject device. All requirements and risk controls have
been successfully verified and traced. A comprehensive risk analysis was performed for the subject device
and appropriate risk controls have been implemented to mitigate hazards.

Software verification and validation activities were conducted in accordance with IEC 62304:2006 +
AMD1:2015 – Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes and ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices
– Application of risk management to medical devices, and in accordance with relevant FDA guidance
documents, General Principles of Software Validation, Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff (issued
January 11, 2002), Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions
(issued June 14, 2023), and Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
of Premarket Submissions (issued September 27, 2023).

Cybersecurity and vulnerability analyses were conducted, and  it has been determined that Clarius
conforms to the cybersecurity requirements by implementing a process of preventing unauthorized
access, modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use of information that is stored,
accessed or transferred from a medical device to an external recipient.

The following processes were followed and applied during the design and development of Clarius Median
Nerve AI:

    •   Risk Analysis
    •   Design Reviews
    •   Integration Testing
    •  System Testing
    •  Performance Testing
    •   Usability Engineering

                                                                            Page 7 of 14

K250226

    •   Software Verification & Validation
    •   Cybersecurity Analysis

Clarius Median Nerve AI was tested and was found to be safe and effective for the intended use, intended
users, intended patient population, and use environments, as demonstrated through verification and
validation testing evaluating its clinical usage and performance.  Validation testing was performed to
ensure that the final product meets the requirements for the specified clinical application and performs
as intended to meet users’ needs, while demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate device.
Clinical Performance Evaluation Summary
Following the completion of Clarius Median Nerve AI model development  (i.e.,  training, tuning
(validation), and internal testing), which was intended to create a documented baseline of the AI model,
clinical  verification testing and  clinical design validation were performed to evaluate  its  clinical
performance. Data used for model development was collected from the Clarius Cloud and/or partner
clinics and was partitioned by unique anonymous patient identifiers to ensure there was no data overlap
between the training, internal testing, and clinical verification datasets.
As part of the truthing process, Clarius only included data from the institutions/clinical sites that were not
represented in the data used for algorithmic development of the Clarius Median Nerve AI model (i.e.,
training, tuning, and internal testing data) to prevent data leakage. The exclusion criteria used were that
images of inadequate quality were not added to the sample size (non-diagnostic images with artifacts
obstructing specific anatomy) and images with incomplete anatomy and views. In measurement
comparisons, Clarius excluded the subjects where the Median Nerve AI model failed to generate a
measurement since there was no value to compare. To aggregate measurements from different truthers,
the mean of the three values was taken and was treated as one reviewer mean. No clinical information
was provided to the clinicians regarding patients utilized in the clinical truthing process. The clinicians only
had access to the ultrasound image for identifying the anatomy, segmenting the median nerve, and
performing measurements by placing the calipers. The lighting and monitor size/resolution were
operator-dependent using their clinical judgement. The truthing process was not based on any follow-up
medical examination.
The clinical performance of Clarius Median Nerve AI was evaluated through a retrospective analysis of
anonymized ultrasound images obtained from multiple clinical sites predominantly from the United
States, representing different ethnic groups, genders, and ages. The clinical verification data to evaluate
the clinical performance of Clarius Median Nerve AI was entirely independent from the training, tuning
(validation) and internal testing datasets used in the development of the AI model.
The Clarius Median Nerve AI Deep Neural Network (DNN) model was developed and trained using three
data sets: training, tuning, and internal testing. The DNN parameters and weights were updated on the
training data and evaluated on the validation (tuning) data at each epoch. Once the AI model was fully
trained, its generalizability was tested by evaluating it on the internal testing dataset (internal testing prior
to clinical (external) verification). The internal test data was fully independent of the training/tuning
dataset and was labelled by experts. Then, following internal testing, a single model was selected, and a
completely separate test dataset was used for performance testing of the AI model (clinical verification).
This verification dataset was independent of the training/tuning, and internal testing datasets, in order to
ensure robust results.
The objective of  clinical performance testing was to  verify that Clarius Median Nerve AI automeasurements are non-inferior to manual measurements performed by qualified experts with relevant
(i.e., musculoskeletal) ultrasound experience.

                                                                            Page 8 of 14

K250226


Summary of the Clinical Verification Study

Ultrasound images were randomly obtained from an anonymized multi-center database of images from
the United States, Canada, Brazil, United Kingdom, Australia, Belgium, Germany, South Africa, Dominican
Republic, Poland, The Netherlands, and Philippines, representing various ethnicities, genders, and ages of
the subjects. The verification study was conducted using de-identified ultrasound data previously
collected and stored on a cloud platform. No clinical or sociodemographic information—such as age,
gender, or clinical diagnosis—was available or accessible at any point during the study. This data was fully
anonymized prior to Clarius’ access and use, in accordance with applicable privacy laws and ethical
guidelines. Institutions included in the Clarius Median Nerve AI model development (i.e., training, tuning,
and internal testing datasets) were excluded from this study. Images of the median nerve were collected
and the total sample size included in the study was 182 images collected from 126 subjects, with the
majority representing patients from the United States. The images collected were cross sectional
(transverse view) images on the median nerve at the level of the forearm and wrist. Some subjects had
images collected at both levels (forearm and wrist), which accounts for the 182 images collected from 126
subjects. The geographic distribution of data collected is shown in Table 1:

              Table 1: Geographic Data
 Location              Number of Images
 United States            130
 Brazil                  13
 Canada                 10
 Australia                9
 Belgium                4
 unknown               4
 Germany               3
 United Kingdom          3
 South Africa             2
 Dominican Republic       1
 Philippines              1
 Poland                 1
 The Netherlands         1
 Total                   182

The primary objective of the retrospective verification study was to determine whether Clarius Median
Nerve AI measurements are non-inferior to those obtained manually by human experts/qualified
ultrasound users (if the magnitude of the difference (the absolute difference/error) between Clarius
Median Nerve AI and mean reviewer (human expert) measurements is greater than the magnitude of the
mean difference (mean absolute difference/error) between the reviewers themselves). The secondary
objective was to determine the correlation between Clarius Median Nerve AI segmentation and those of
human experts, whether it can accurately identify the median nerve in transverse view at the level of the
wrist or mid forearm.


                                                                            Page 9 of 14

K250226

Each reviewer was blinded to the Clarius Median Nerve AI output and the other reviewers' annotations
as well.  All ultrasound exams were captured using Clarius’ 510(k)-cleared linear-array ultrasound
scanners.

An assessment of the magnitude of the difference between Clarius Median Nerve AI and human experts’
median nerve cross-sectional area (CSA) measurements was performed to ascertain whether Clarius
Median Nerve AI measurement is non-inferior to those of human experts/ qualified ultrasound users.

The absolute difference between reviewer pairs was calculated and compared to the absolute difference
between the Clarius Median Nerve AI measurement and mean reviewer measurement using a one-sided
t-test and an equivalence/error margin of 3 mm2. The automatic median nerve CSA measurement was
found to be non-inferior (p value of 6.497e-47 (97.5% CI: -inf, 0.3285)). The mean difference between the
differences among human experts and Clarius Median Nerve AI was –0.065 mm2. The Intraclass
Correlation Coefficient (ICC) of the Clarius Median Nerve AI versus the Mean of Reviewers cross sectional
area is 0.81 (95% CI: 0.74, 0.87).

The non-inferiority performance testing summary is shown in Table 2:

   Table 2: Non-Inferiority Test Result Summary for Clinical Performance of Clarius Median Nerve AI
                           p-value                   Equivalence Margin    Mean Difference

 Clarius Median Nerve AI   6.497e-47 (97.5% CI: -inf,   3 mm2                 -0.065 mm 2
 vs Human Experts         0.3285)

The Jaccard scores were calculated between the segmentation mask provided by Clarius Median Nerve AI
and a trace from the expert reviewers, as well as the reviewers against each other. Table 3 presents the
results:
               Table 3: Jaccard Scores of Segmentation masks
Comparison                          Jaccard Score
Reviewer 1 vs Clarius Median Nerve AI  0.62 [95%CI: 0.62, 0.68]
Reviewer 2 vs Clarius Median Nerve AI  0.71 [95%CI: 0.69, 0.74]
Reviewer 3 vs Clarius Median Nerve AI  0.68 [95%CI: 0.65, 0.71]
Reviewer 1 vs Reviewer 2              0.76 [95%CI: 0.74, 0.78]
Reviewer 1 vs Reviewer 3              0.72 [95%CI: 0.70, 0.75]
Reviewer 2 vs Reviewer 3              0.77 [95%CI: 0.75, 0.79]

Bland-Altman plots indicated strong agreement between Clarius Median Nerve AI and human expert
measurements. The ICC scores for different probe models (i.e., L7 HD3, L15 HD3, L20 HD3) demonstrated
reliability.

The results of the clinical verification study (retrospective analysis) evaluating the performance of Clarius
Median Nerve AI have demonstrated that Clarius Median Nerve AI’s performance is non-inferior to that
of experienced ultrasound reviewers/clinicians for measurement of the cross-sectional area of the median
nerve, thus meeting the primary objective of the study. Furthermore, the study validated Clarius Median
Nerve AI’s accuracy in identifying median nerve views.


                                                                           Page 10 of 14

K250226

Therefore, the clinical performance of Clarius Median Nerve AI has been adequately verified for median
nerve cross-sectional area measurements and has been determined to be as reliable and accurate as
compared to human clinical experts.

Summary of the Clinical Validation Study

A clinical validation study was conducted to evaluate the design and clinical usage of Clarius Median Nerve
AI, as  it is integrated into the Clarius App software, to determine  if  it performs as intended in a
representative user environment, meets the product requirements, is clinically usable, and meets users’
needs for use in semi-automated measurements of the median nerve cross-sectional area. Testing was
performed using production equivalent units in a simulated use environment.

The results of the clinical validation study showed consistent results among all users, meeting the predefined acceptance criteria. The users were able to activate Clarius Median Nerve AI using Clarius’ lineararray ultrasound scanners (L7 HD3, L15 HD3, L20 HD3), image the median nerve, perform  live
segmentation,  perform automated measurements  of  the median  nerve,  manually  adjust  the
measurements, change the segmentation mask opacity, calculate and display the median nerve crosssectional area, and save the measurement with each exam.

Therefore, based on the results of the clinical validation study it has been determined that Clarius Median
Nerve AI performs as intended and meets user needs for use in semi-automated median nerve
measurements in musculoskeletal ultrasound applications.

Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)
Clarius Median Nerve AI uses a machine learning (ML) algorithm for measurement of the median nerve
cross-sectional area on ultrasound image data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner.
Modifications to Clarius Median Nerve AI will be made in accordance with its Predetermined Change
Control Plan (PCCP).  The PCCP provides a description of the device’s planned modifications, a
modification protocol to test, verify, validate, and implement the modifications in a manner that ensures
the continued safety and effectiveness of the device, mitigating risks associated with changes to the
Median Nerve AI model to not adversely impact the device’s performance, safety, or effectiveness
associated with its indications for use, and an impact assessment of the planned modifications.
The modifications outlined in the PCCP are summarized in the table below. In accordance with the PCCP,
the modified Clarius Median Nerve AI algorithm will be adequately trained, tuned, tested, and locked
before release of the modified Median Nerve AI model. Implemented modifications to the Clarius Median
Nerve AI algorithm will be communicated to users via the Clarius App software update notification and
through updated labelling.
Summary of planned modifications to Clarius Median Nerve AI per the PCCP:

       Modification              Rationale            Testing Methods      Impact Assessment
 Modification of training   Improvement and       Re-training of the         Improved
 hyperparameters (initial    optimization of Clarius  Median Nerve AI model    performance
 learning rate, width      Median Nerve AI’s      with modified             metrics of modified
 multiplier, dropout rate)   performance          hyperparameters to      Median Nerve AI
                                                  optimize its performance  model with

                                                                           Page 11 of 14

K250226

      Modification              Rationale            Testing Methods      Impact Assessment
                                                followed by internal       increased accuracy
                                                      testing and a comparison  and more robust
                                                   of the original Median     measurements
                                            Nerve AI model to the      displayed to users.
                                               modified Median Nerve
                                                    AI model (using             Benefit-Risk
                                             performance metrics)       Analysis:
                                                followed with clinical       Benefits: Improved
                                             performance testing       performance;
                                                         (verification and            generalization.
                                                         validation).                  Risks: Overfitting;
                                                                      unintended bias.

                                                                                 Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Proper
                                                                                  regularization
                                                                          techniques and
                                                                                   cross-validation and
                                                                      dropout will be
                                                                 employed to
                                                                              mitigate overfitting.
                                                                                   Internal testing and
                                                                                      verification will be
                                                                     conducted to
                                                                              mitigate unintended
                                                                                   biases.

Modification of post-      Improvement and       Internal testing and a      Improved
processing algorithms      optimization of Clarius  comparison of the        performance
(adjustments to         Median Nerve AI’s       original Median Nerve AI   metrics of modified
measurement validity     performance and      model to the modified    Median Nerve AI
thresholds)               robustness           Median Nerve AI model    model.
                                                     (using performance
                                                    metrics) and clinical        Benefit-Risk
                                             performance testing        Analysis:
                                                         (verification and            Benefits: Improved
                                                         validation).               performance;
                                                                                  generalization.
                                                                                       Risks: Overfitting;
                                                                      unintended bias.

                                                                                 Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Proper
                                                                                  regularization
                                                                          techniques and
                                                                                   cross-validation and

                                                                          Page 12 of 14

K250226

      Modification              Rationale            Testing Methods      Impact Assessment
                                                                      dropout will be
                                                                 employed to
                                                                              mitigate overfitting.
                                                                                   Internal testing and
                                                                                      verification will be
                                                                     conducted to
                                                                              mitigate unintended
                                                                                   biases.

Modification of data      To add data from        Re-training of the         By accommodating a
input sources (Clarius      current Clarius        Median Nerve AI model    wider array of image
probes)                  scanners and future     to expand its use with     geometries and
                          510(k) cleared           additional data input        characteristics with
                         scanners to the Clarius  sources (i.e., 510(k)-       the use of new
                      Median Nerve AI        cleared models of the      510(k)-cleared
                      model so the model     Clarius Ultrasound          Clarius ultrasound
                        can be deployed on     Scanner), internal          scanners, the
                     more scanners.          testing, and clinical       updated Median
                                             performance testing      Nerve AI model will
                                                         (verification and         be better equipped
                                                       validation) to assesses its   to handle different
                                             performance with the      transducer models
                                     new data input sources.    of the Clarius
                                                                         Ultrasound Scanner
                                                                    used in varying
                                                                                               clinical scenarios.

                                                                                  Benefit-Risk
                                                                                    Analysis:
                                                                                   Benefits: Enhanced
                                                                                   compatibility;
                                                                                              Flexibility for diverse
                                                                                               clinical settings.
                                                                                       Risks: Data skewing
                                                                 and concept drift.

                                                                                 Risk Mitigation:
                                                                                   Internal testing and
                                                                                      verification datasets
                                                                             within the intended
                                                                               patient population
                                                                                              will ensure that data
                                                                      skewing and
                                                                       concept drift are
                                                                               mitigated.


                                                                          Page 13 of 14

K250226


Conclusion & Summary of Substantial Equivalence
Based on the information presented in this Traditional 510(k) premarket notification and based on the
fundamental   scientific  technology   utilizing   artificial  intelligence/machine  learning  algorithms,
technological characteristics, principle of operation, intended use, intended patient population, and
environment of use, Clarius Median Nerve AI has been determined to be substantially equivalent in terms
of safety and effectiveness to the legally marketed predicate device, Clarius AI.
The subject device and the predicate device employ radiological (ultrasound) image processing software
applications which implement artificial intelligence/machine learning algorithms trained with clinical
and/or artificial data intended for analysis of ultrasound data acquired by the Clarius Ultrasound Scanner,
utilizing very similar machine-learning algorithms for detection, segmentation, and measurement of
musculoskeletal structures.
Performance testing of Clarius Median Nerve AI, including the results from clinical verification and
validation studies, has demonstrated that Clarius Median Nerve AI measurement output adequately aligns
with expert clinicians’ manual measurements, and thereby performs as intended for use in semiautomated median nerve measurements.
Any differences in the indications for use or technological characteristics between the subject device and
the legally marketed predicate device do not raise any issues related to safety or effectiveness. Therefore,
Clarius Median Nerve AI is as safe and effective as the predicate device, Clarius AI (K222406), and
therefore substantially equivalent.


                                                                           Page 14 of 14