June 4, 2025


PhysCade, Inc.
Grace Li
Head of QA/RA
2100 Geng Road, Suite 210
Palo Alto, California 94303


Re: K250749
    Trade/Device Name: PhysCade System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK
    Dated: March 12, 2025
    Received: March 12, 2025

Dear Grace Li:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250749 - Grace Li                                                                    Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K250749 - Grace Li                                                                    Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Aneesh S. Deoras -S

                                       Aneesh Deoras
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250749                                                             I
Device Name
 PhysCade System

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The PhysCade System  is intended for the analysis, display, and storage of cardiac
 electrophysiological data and maps for analysis by a physician.

 The clinical significance of utilizing the PhysCade System to help identify areas with intra-cardiac
 atrial electrograms exhibiting local early activated potentials and other features of interest during
 atrial arrhythmias has not been established by clinical investigations.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary


 Submitter’s       PhysCade, Inc.                           Contact: Raphael Michel
 information      2100 Geng Road, Suite 210               President & CEO
                   Palo Alto, CA 94303                     PhysCade, Inc.
                  United States                        2100 Geng Road, Suite 210
                                                           Palo Alto, CA 94303


 Classification     The classification for the new device is listed below.


     21 CFR       Product
                                  Class       Generic Device Name        Classification Description
    Reference      Code

                                    Computer, Diagnostic,        Programmable diagnostic
    §870.1425      DQK              II
                                   Programmable              computer


 New device      The new device’s indications for use statement is listed in the table below.


    Device Name                                   Indications for Use

                  The PhysCade System is intended for the analysis, display, and storage of cardiac
                       electrophysiological data and maps for analysis by a physician.

 PhysCade System   The clinical significance of utilizing the PhysCade System to help identify areas
                     with intra-cardiac atrial electrograms exhibiting local early activated potentials
                  and other features of interest during atrial arrhythmias has not been established
                   by clinical investigations.


 Predicate        The predicate device for the PhysCade System is shown in the table below.
 device

    K      Product     Predicate
                                                             Indications for Use
  Number    Code    Device Name
                                 The VX1 assists operators in the real-time manual annotation
                                        of 3D anatomical and electrical maps of human atria for the
                                    presence of multipolar intra-cardiac atrial electrograms
                                          exhibiting spatiotemporal dispersion during atrial fibrillation
                       Volta Medical   or atrial tachycardia.
  K201298   DQK
                   VX1          The clinical significance of utilizing the VX1 software to help
                                           identify areas with intra-cardiac atrial electrograms exhibiting
                                      spatiotemporal dispersion for catheter ablation of atrial
                                       arrhythmias, such as atrial fibrillation, has not been
                                        established by clinical investigations.


                                         Page 1

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary


 Device          The PhysCadeTM System (PhysCade) is an artificial intelligence (AI) enabled device
 description       intended to assist clinicians in their management of patients with heart rhythm
                    disorders (arrhythmias). PhysCade is a medical decision support system which
                   post-processes electrograms (EGMs) collected inside the heart during
                    electrophysiology (EP) mapping procedures using compatible diagnostic EP
                    catheters. The PhysCade software has advanced algorithms that analyze the
                    collected EGMs to provide information on regions of interest in the heart that may
                be useful to the clinician to support clinical decisions together with other available
                    patient-related information.

                 PhysCade provides specialized analyses of data from a compatible multipolar
                    catheter. The primary output (coPILOT) indicates the predominant earliest site of
                     activation relative to the catheter electrode array. Supporting outputs include
                  determining activation times of successive beats in the EGM signal on each
                   electrode (coMAP), voltage at each electrode, signal quality, and sequences of
                  propagation over multiple beats of the arrhythmia on the catheter.

                The PhysCade System consists of a computer workstation, display, and custom
                  software and is not connected to other devices or medical equipment.

                 PhysCade is intended to be used in the cardiac electrophysiology lab, outside the
                       sterile field. PhysCade is intended to be operated by nurses, technicians,
                     physicians, or other personnel who are trained and approved by each treating
                         facility to work in the electrophysiology lab.

                 PhysCade uses AI algorithms that were developed and tested using datasets with
                  the following characteristics:


                                         Page 2

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary
[sw |
[2 |
| ees |
Non-Paroxysmal, n (%) 45 (72.58)
Paroxysmal, n (%) 17 (27.42)
N=172/174 in training, N=62/62 in tuning and 99/109 in test cohorts), and left atrial enlargement (variable
recorded in N=163/174 in training, N=58/62 in tuning and 92/109 in test cohorts).
Characteristics | The table below lists the characteristics for both the new and predicate devices.
- comparison
with predicate
device
Page 3

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary

                                           PREDICATE DEVICE
                    SUBJECT DEVICE
   ATTRIBUTE                                        Volta VX1           COMPARISON
                    PhysCade System
                                              K201298
 Indications for   The PhysCade System is      The VX1 assists operators   The PhysCade System
 use             intended for the analysis,      in the real-time manual     has the same intended
                    display, and storage of       annotation of 3D           use and similar
                   cardiac electrophysiological   anatomical and electrical    indications for use as
                 data and maps for analysis   maps of human atria for     the predicate device.
                by a physician.              the presence of multipolar  Both devices assist in
                                                   intra-cardiac atrial          review and analysis of
               The clinical significance of    electrograms exhibiting      electrical maps of the
                      utilizing the PhysCade        spatiotemporal dispersion  human atria.
                System to help identify       during atrial fibrillation or
                  areas with intra-cardiac        atrial tachycardia. The      The predicate device
                      atrial electrograms              clinical significance of        indications for use,
                   exhibiting local early            utilizing the VX1 software   while broader, identifies
                   activated potentials and      to help identify areas with   electrical activity in
                 other features of interest     intra-cardiac atrial          areas of interest for
                  during atrial arrhythmias     electrograms exhibiting     catheter ablation of
                 has not been established by  spatiotemporal dispersion   atrial arrhythmias.
                      clinical investigations.         for catheter ablation of
                                                          atrial arrhythmias, such as
                                                          atrial fibrillation, has not
                                        been established by
                                                          clinical investigations.
 Regulation      21 CFR 870.1425           21 CFR 870.1425         Same
 FDA Product    DQK                  DQK                  Same
 code
 Classification    Programmable diagnostic    Programmable diagnostic   Same
                computer, 21 CFR           computer, 21 CFR
                §870.1425                 §870.1425
 Population       Adults                       Adults                 Same
 System Type     Signal processing based       Signal processing based    Same
                      atrial mapping system          atrial mapping system
 Display(s)        Color monitor                Color monitor           Same
 Control         Standard keyboard / mouse  Standard keyboard /      Same
                                     mouse


                                         Page 4

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary

                                           PREDICATE DEVICE
                    SUBJECT DEVICE
   ATTRIBUTE                                        Volta VX1           COMPARISON
                    PhysCade System
                                              K201298
 Inputs            Intra-cardiac atrial             Intra-cardiac atrial         The subject and
 Required        electrograms that are        electrograms that are       predicate devices
                 recorded with catheters,     recorded with catheters,    analyze intra-cardiac
               and surface ECG signals       amplified and redirected     atrial electrograms. The
                  amplified and input to the    to an acquisition system    PhysCade System also
                PhysCade System on which   on which they are           inputs the ECG signal to
                 they are displayed.            displayed.                     assist in the analysis of
                                                                                intracardiac
                                                                          electrograms, which
                                                                  does not alter the
                                                                      intended use.
 Connections    A USB flash drive is used to   A connection cable is used  Both devices digitize
                 export data from             to connect the data          intra-cardiac data for
                 compatible analog-to-         acquisition system with an   input to their analysis
                      digital converter systems     Advantech PCI-1713U       systems. While the
               and import data into the      analog-to-digital            subject and predicate
                PhysCade System.            converter, which            devices use different
                                               transmits the acquired      brands of analog-toinformation to a nearby      digital converters, and
                                         computer that hosts the    the subject device uses
                                      VX1 software.             a USB drive for export
                                                                         while the predicate
                                                                         device uses a connector
                                                                                cable, the transfer of
                                                                       data is equivalent.
 Principal         Displays adjudications as      Displays adjudications as    The predicate device
 Mapping         visual cues after analyzing     visual cues after analyzing   and subject device
 Output           intra-cardiac atrial             intra-cardiac atrial          provide adjudications
                 electrograms using signal     electrograms in real-time    during a procedure.
                  processing techniques.       using signal processing      While the predicate
                                               techniques.                device inputs data from
                                                                   a connector cable, the
                                                                            subject device uploads
                                                                       data from a USB flash
                                                                                   drive. Both systems
                                                                        provide output during
                                                                an EP study to support
                                                                                             clinical decision-making.


                                         Page 5

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary

                                           PREDICATE DEVICE
                    SUBJECT DEVICE
   ATTRIBUTE                                        Volta VX1           COMPARISON
                    PhysCade System
                                              K201298
 Map Types      The operator is provided      Real-time Dispersed        Both the subject and
 Generated      with a display of the         Electrogram (DE) subtype    predicate devices
                  multipolar electrode map     of multipolar electrogram   generate multipolar
                   indicating locations where   map- The operator is      maps of their analysis of
              wave direction is earliest,     provided with display of     intra-cardiac data. The
               and markings of             the electrode locations      predicate device focuses
                 electrogram activation      where dispersed or non-    on dispersed
                  time, by the PhysCade        dispersed electrograms     electrograms, while the
                System during recordings of  have been recorded         subject device focuses
                      atrial fibrillation.             during atrial fibrillation or   on direction to the
                                                          atrial tachycardia.            earliest site. Both
                                                                          devices produce a
                                                                            multipolar map of
                                                                                       electrical locations of
                                                                                 interest during atrial
                                                                                              fibrillation.
 Compatible     Any compatible catheter     Any compatible catheter    Both devices are
 Catheters       meeting the requirements    meeting the requirements   compatible with
                     listed below:                    listed below:                catheters that are
                                                                        defined in their labeling
                   Compatibility requirements:  Compatibility             which have been
                                            Requirements:              validated with their
               Mapping catheter:                                     corresponding
                         - Electrode size: 0.5 mm to   Mapping catheter:          algorithms. The
               3 mm                                 - Electrode size: 1 mm       predicate device can
                         - Inter-electrode spacing: 2     - Inter-electrode Spacing:    also be used with
                  to 10mm (edge-to-edge)     2 to 3 mm                Coronary Sinus
                         - Number of selected             - Number of selected        catheters but this is not
                   electrodes: between 8 and    dipoles: 10                 required for the subject
               64                                                     device analysis.
                         - Electrode configuration: a   Coronary sinus catheter:
                    spatial grid of at least 2          - Electrode size: 1 mm
                  electrodes along each side      - Interelectrode Spacing: 2
                       (e.g., 4X4, 8X8)               to 3 mm
                                                                  - Number of selected
                                                   dipoles: 5


                                         Page 6

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary

                                           PREDICATE DEVICE
                    SUBJECT DEVICE
   ATTRIBUTE                                        Volta VX1           COMPARISON
                    PhysCade System
                                              K201298
 Data           The PhysCade System       The VX1 works with two    The subject device is
 Acquisition      works with three data        data acquisition systems:    compatible with the
 System           acquisition systems:                              same two data
                                                                  - LabSystem Pro             acquisition systems as
                         - LabSystem Pro Acquisition   Acquisition (Boston         the predicate device
                 (Boston Scientific),              Scientific),               and adds compatibility
                         - MacLab CardioLab               - MacLab CardioLab         with a third data
                   Acquisition System (General   Acquisition System          acquisition system -
                      Electric),                    (General Electric)            Ensite. These 510(k)
                         - Ensite NavX/Precision                                   cleared data acquisition
                System (Abbott)                                      systems all produce
                                                                                    digitized and amplified
                                                                                   signals that are
                                                                          numerically similar.
 Hardware        Off-the-shelf computer and   Off-the-shelf analog /      Both devices use offDesign and      monitor, connection cable,    digital converter,            the-shelf hardware with
 Materials        acquisition system,         computer and monitor,     a proprietary software
                  proprietary software         connection cable,           algorithm.
                  algorithm.                     acquisition system,
                                                proprietary software
                                                algorithm.


 Performance     The PhysCade System was subjected to extensive non-clinical testing including
 testing            rigorous verification and validation testing. The testing consisted of:
                 •  Software/Firmware and cybersecurity verification and validation testing
                     confirmed that the subject device meets the design input requirements and
                         specifications
                 •   Design Verification testing confirmed that the subject device hardware meets
                     performance specifications.
                 •   Design Validation confirmed that the AI/ML system is accurate for its intended
                        use.
                 •   Usability testing demonstrated that the subject device meets the user needs
                          specifications.

                The PhysCade System was developed and tested in accordance with IEC 62304
                    Edition 1.1 2015-06.


 Guidance        The following guidance documents were referenced for testing:
 documents          Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content
 referenced for        of Premarket Submissions
 testing


                                         Page 7

K250749 PhysCade System
510(k) Summary

                     Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in
                     Medical Device
                    Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
                     Medical Devices
                     Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices
                     Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
                    Good Machine Learning Practice for Medical Device Development: Guiding
                         Principles


 Conclusion      A comparison has been conducted of the intended use/indications for use,
                 performance characteristics, design features, technological/functional
                      characteristics, and labeling for the PhysCade System. Intended to provide the
                    physician with additional information that supports standard clinical practice, no
              new or different questions of safety or effectiveness are raised.

                The PhysCade System has the same intended use as the predicate device. Testing
                     results demonstrate that minor differences in the technological characteristics do
                  not raise questions of safety and effectiveness. Thus, the PhysCade System is
                     substantially equivalent to the Volta VX1 predicate device (K201298).


                                         Page 8