June 18, 2025

Philips Ultrasound LLC
Deval Patel
Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Highway
BOTHELL, WA 98021


Re: K250886
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems; Affiniti Series Diagnostic
                        Ultrasound Systems
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH, OBJ
    Dated: May 21, 2025
    Received: May 23, 2025


Dear Deval Patel:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250886 - Deval Patel                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250886 - Deval Patel                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                 YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250886

Device Name
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems;
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems

Indications for Use (Describe)
EPIQ:

The intended use of Philips EPIQ series diagnostic ultrasound systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intra-cardiac Echo, Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),, Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode, Power
Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics, hospitals, and
clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with image
guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces
your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Affiniti:
The intended use of the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body with the following Indications for Use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal
(Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode , Power
Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include Clinics, Hospitals, and
clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces
your responsibility for sound clinical judgment and best clinical procedure.


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 2 of 2

Special 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: K250886

Date Prepared: June 18, 2025


      I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and         Philips Ultrasound LLC
        Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy Bothell,
                       WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information          Deval Patel
                                        Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                  +1 (315) 262-7702
        Secondary Contact              Erdit Gremi
                                             Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Philips Ultrasound LLC
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                              Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 798-8092

      II.     Device
          Proprietary Name           EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                         Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
      Common Name                Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers
        Regulation Description        Classification Description        21 CFR §       Product Code
                                    Primary
                                     System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                                                    892.1550       IYN                                             ultrasonic
                                 Secondary
                                     System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                                                    892.1560      IYO                                             ultrasonic
                                       Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic   892.1570       ITX
                                   Automated Radiological Image                                                                    892.2050      QIH                                      Processing Software
                                         Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200      OBJ*
                                *EPIQ only
        Device Class                 Class II
       Review Panel                 Radiology
         Predicate Device             K240850; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
         Predicate Regulation Description
                                         Classification Description        21 CFR §       Product Code
                                    Primary

System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                  892.1550       IYN   ultrasonic
  Secondary
   System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                  892.1560      IYO   ultrasonic
   Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic   892.1570       ITX
   Automated Radiological Image                                  892.2050      QIH   Processing Software
   Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200      OBJ*
*EPIQ only

III.     Device Description
The purpose of this Special 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to expand the Smart View Select (SVS)
 software application onto the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and to modify the Smart
View Select software application onto both the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems.
Smart View Select is an automated software feature that assists the user in selection of images for
 analysis with the existing Philips AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV application in Adult Echo Transthoracic
(TTE) examination. This feature automatically classifies each acquired image by view and selects an
 appropriate set of images for left ventricle (LV) analysis. The classification is based on a Deep Learning
 AI interface engine; the selection is a non-AI algorithm that considers the view classification and image
depth to select the optimal set of images.
No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti systems are required when using SVS, and existing,
 cleared Philips TTE transducers are used with these software applications.
The SVS v2 feature is supported by all EPIQ models running software version 13.0 or higher including
EPIQ CVx/CVxi, EPIQ Elite Advanced, EPIQ Elite, EPIQ 7, EPIQ 5. The SVS v2 feature is supported
by the Affiniti models running software version VM13.0 or higher, including Affiniti CVx, Affiniti 70, Affiniti
 50, and Affiniti 30. The SVS and SWM software features are associated with the cardiac adult indication.

 IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use
EPIQ Intended Use
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
 flow analysis of the human body.
EPIQ Indications for Use:
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
 analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:


Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), intraluminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other:
 Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac),
 Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.


Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power Doppler,
Harmonic Imaging, and Coded Pulse.


The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include clinics,
 hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.


When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with
image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and
 live echo guidance.


The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures
and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by
 appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However,
 nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical
procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the modification of the
SVS v2 software applications. This software applications are associated with the Cardiac Adult  indication.

Affiniti Intended Use:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body.
Affiniti Indications for Use:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:


Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.


Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
Doppler, Harmonic Imaging, and Coded Pulse.


The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.


The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information.


Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for
which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility
for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Note: There are no changes to the Affiniti Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the
modification of the SVS v2 software application. This software application is associated with the
Cardiac Adult indication.

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
         The purpose of the submission is to expand the SVSv2 software application feature to the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
         and modify SVS v2 software application to EPIQ. The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K240850).

                                                  Table 1 Comparison to Predicate -EPIQ


               EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Feature                   Feature: SVS v2                           K240850                        Comparison
                         Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
                Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other        Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other       Identical to predicate
                    (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,     (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,
                 Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),          Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),
                   Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative    Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative
                  (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-       (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), intraIndications for   luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal     luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal
    Use        (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial),    (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial),
                 Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,          Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,
                  Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,         Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
                  Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac),   Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal
                  Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.                 (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

                 Trained healthcare professionals               Trained healthcare professionals                Identical to predicate

                 Intended for sonographers, physicians, and      Intended for sonographers, physicians, and
                 biomedical engineers who operate and         biomedical engineers who operate and
                 maintain your product.                         maintain your product.
Intended Users                Before use of the system and user information,  Before use of the system and user
                 the user must be familiar with ultrasound         information, the user must be familiar with
                 techniques. Sonography training and clinical     ultrasound techniques. Sonography training
                procedures are not included in the User Manual  and clinical procedures are not included in
                  or with the EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound   the User Manual or with the EPIQ Series
                System.                                       Diagnostic Ultrasound System.
                    Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for    Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care     Identical to predicate
Intended User   diagnosis of patients.                                for diagnosis of patients.
 Environment
                Class II                                     Class II                                          Identical to predicate
  USA FDA
 Classification

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Feature                   Feature: SVS v2                           K240850                        Comparison
                          Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
                IYN                                     IYN                                              Identical to predicate
Primary Product
    Code
    Primary     System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler, Ultrasonic    System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler, Ultrasonic   Identical to predicate
   Regulation
    Name
    Primary     21 CFR 892.1550                         21 CFR 892.1550                               Identical to predicate
   Regulation
   Number
                 ITX                                        ITX                                               Identical to predicate
  Secondary    IYO                                    IYO
 Product Codes  OBJ                               OBJ
               QIH                                   QIH
                  Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer                Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer                Identical to predicate
                   Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging                  Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging  Secondary                system                                    system   Regulation                  Diagnostic intravascular catheter                Diagnostic intravascular catheter    Name                Automated Radiological Image               Automated Radiological Image
                 Processing Software                         Processing Software
               21 CFR 892.1570                         21 CFR 892.1570                               Identical to predicate  Secondary               21 CFR 892.1560                         21 CFR 892.1560   Regulation               21 CFR 870.1200                         21 CFR 870.1200   Number               21 CFR 892.2050                         21 CFR 892.2050
   Reusable-    Yes                                    Yes                                              Identical to predicate
 Systems and
  Transducers
 Duration of use  Limited (≤ 24 hours)                            Limited (≤ 24 hours)                             Identical to predicate
                                                                                                                           Identical to predicate
                Smart View Select is an automated software    Smart View Select is an automated software
                   feature that assists you in the selection of        feature that assists you in the selection of
                images for analysis with the existing Philips     images for analysis with the existing Philips
                  AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV application in      AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV application in  Application                  Adult Echo Transthoracic examination. This     Adult Echo Transthoracic examination. This  Description                   feature automatically classifies each acquired    feature automatically classifies each acquired
               image by view and selects an appropriate set of image by view and selects an appropriate set
                images for Left ventricle (LV) analysis. The       of images for Left ventricle (LV) analysis. The
                     classification is based on a Deep Learning AI     classification is based on a Deep Learning AI
                    interface engine; the selection is a non-AI        interface engine; the selection is a non-AI

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
   Feature                   Feature: SVS v2                           K240850                        Comparison
                         Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
                 algorithm that considers the view classification   algorithm that considers the view
              and image depth to select the optimal set of      classification and image depth to select the
                images.                                        optimal set of images.
             You can launch AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV   You can launch AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV
                  with the set of images that have been            with the set of images that have been
                  automatically selected without the need to       automatically selected without the need to
                 review the acquired images and manually       review the acquired images and manually
                  select the views.                                 select the views.
                 AI based neural network for optimal view        AI based neural network for optimal view     The subject SVS software
                  selection                                          selection                                       application utilizes a deep neural
                                                                                                     network for view identification
                                                                                           and optimal triplet (A4C, A2C, and
                                                                                         A3C) selection for subsequent LV
                                                                                                                 Analysis. The neural network is
                                                                                                                                  utilized in a similar way as in the Deep Neural                                                                                                              predicate device for the analysis   Network                                                                                                        standard 2D echo examinations. Utilization for                                                                                        The neural network of the subjectoptimal triplet                                                                                                         device was revised as described in   selection                                                                                                      attachment 002. Performance
                                                                                                                        testing has demonstrated very
                                                                                                             strong correlation between the LV
                                                                                                                analysis outputs (EF, GLS) from
                                                                                                                               clips selected by the subject SVS
                                                                                                           software application and clips
                                                                                                     manually selected by clinical users.
              Yes – the subject SVS software application     Yes – the subject SVS software application   The subject SVS software
               uses an additional heuristic logic step, after the  uses an additional heuristic logic step, after    application, similar to the predicate
              deep neural network identifies the views and    the deep neural network identifies the views   device(K240850), includes
                determines a list of 3                       and determines a list of 3 clip combinations    additional heuristic logic step for
                     clip combinations (triplets), to preferentially        (triplets), to preferentially select triplets of      preferentially selecting certain scan
 Scan depth    select triplets of shallower scan depths.         shallower scan depths, provided the depth    depths. The logic was revised in the
considered for   Restriction of depth on clinical images is 12-20   exceeds 10cm and the variation of depths of   subject device. Performance testing
optimal triplet  cm.                                     each clips is 1cm or less.                  has demonstrated very strong
  selection?                                                                                                         correlation between the LV analysis
                                                                                                            outputs (EF, GLS) from clips
                                                                                                             selected by the subject SVS
                                                                                                           software application and clips
                                                                                                     manually selected by clinical users.
                                                                                                             Therefore, the revision in the

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Feature                   Feature: SVS v2                           K240850                        Comparison
                      Proposed Device                            Predicate Device
                                                                                                                  additional heuristic logic step of the
                                                                                                            subject SVS software does not raise
                                                                                new or different questions of safety
                                                                                                              or effectiveness in comparison to
                                                                                                          the predicate device K240850.


                                              Table 2 Comparison to Predicate - Affiniti

                            Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                              System                         System     Feature                                                                                 Comparison                                Feature: SVS v2                     K240850
                           Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
                      Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac    Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other  Identical to predicate
                        other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric,         (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral
                       Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),   Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
                       Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,   (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,
                        Gynecological, Intraoperative          Gynecological, Intraoperative
                         (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),    (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),
                           intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo,        intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo,
Indications for Use     Musculoskeletal (Conventional),       Musculoskeletal (Conventional),
                       Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other:   Musculoskeletal (Superficial),
                        Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel,  Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,
                      Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,         Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
                           Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac),  Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal
                         Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.       (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal,
                                                          Lung.

                       Trained healthcare professionals       Trained healthcare professionals          Identical to predicate

                       Intended for sonographers,           Intended for sonographers, physicians,
                         physicians, and biomedical engineers  and biomedical engineers who operate
                  who operate and maintain your       and maintain your product.  Intended Users                         product.
                                                          Before use  of the system and user
                      Before use of the system and user      information, the user must be familiar
                         information, the user must be familiar   with ultrasound techniques. Sonography
                         with ultrasound techniques.             training and clinical procedures are not

Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                 System                         System        Feature                                                                                 Comparison                                   Feature: SVS v2                     K240850
                             Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
                       Sonography training and clinical       included in the User Manual or with the
                         procedures are not included in the    EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                        User Manual or with the Affiniti Series  System.
                           Diagnostic Ultrasound System.
                               Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-  Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-    Identical to predicate
     Intended User       care for diagnosis of patients.         care for diagnosis of patients.
     Environment
                         Class II                             Class II                                     Identical to predicate
 USA FDA Classification

                        IYN                              IYN                                         Identical to predicate
  Primary Product Code

                        System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler,     System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler,         Identical to predicate
Primary Regulation Name Ultrasonic                              Ultrasonic

                       21 CFR 892.1550                  21 CFR 892.1550                          Identical to predicate
   Primary Regulation
       Number
                         ITX                                ITX                                         Identical to predicate
  Secondary Product    IYO                             IYO
       Codes        OBJ                         OBJ
                      QIH                           QIH
                           Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer       Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer           Identical to predicate
                            Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging        Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging
 Secondary Regulation   system                            system
       Name           Diagnostic intravascular catheter       Diagnostic intravascular catheter
                        Automated Radiological Image       Automated Radiological Image
                          Processing Software                 Processing Software
                       21 CFR 892.1570                  21 CFR 892.1570                          Identical to predicate
 Secondary Regulation   21 CFR 892.1560                  21 CFR 892.1560
       Number         21 CFR 870.1200                  21 CFR 870.1200
                       21 CFR 892.2050                  21 CFR 892.2050
 Reusable- Systems and  Yes                             Yes                                         Identical to predicate
      Transducers
     Duration of use       Limited (≤ 24 hours)                   Limited (≤ 24 hours)                       Identical to predicate

Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                System                         System       Feature                                                                                 Comparison                                  Feature: SVS v2                     K240850
                             Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
                                                                                                                    Identical to predicate
                       Smart View Select is an automated    Smart View Select is an automated
                          software feature that assists you in    software feature that assists you in the
                          the selection of images for analysis    selection of images for analysis with the
                           with the existing Philips AutoStrain LV  existing Philips AutoStrain LV or 2D
                           or 2D Auto LV application in Adult     Auto LV application in Adult Echo
                     Echo Transthoracic examination. This  Transthoracic examination. This feature
                           feature automatically classifies each   automatically classifies each acquired
                         acquired image by view and selects   image by view and selects an
                      an appropriate set of images for Left   appropriate set of images for Left
                             ventricle (LV) analysis. The             ventricle (LV) analysis. The
Application Description   classification is based on a Deep       classification is based on a Deep
                         Learning AI interface engine; the      Learning AI interface engine; the
                            selection is a non-AI algorithm that     selection is a non-AI algorithm that
                          considers the view classification and   considers the view classification and
                      image depth to select the optimal set  image depth to select the optimal set of
                             of images.                          images.
                     You can launch AutoStrain LV or 2D  You can launch AutoStrain LV or 2D
                        Auto LV with the set of images that    Auto LV with the set of images that have
                      have been automatically selected     been automatically selected without the
                           without the need to review the        need to review the acquired images and
                         acquired images and manually select  manually select the views.
                          the views.

AI based neural network for optimal    AI based neural network for optimal     The subject SVS software application
                       view selection                       view selection                                utilizes a deep neural network for view
                                                                                                                        identification and optimal triplet (A4C,
                                                                                      A2C, and A3C) selection for
                                                                                            subsequent LV Analysis. The neural
                                                                                               network is utilized in a similar way as in
                                                                                                       the predicate device for the analysis
Deep Neural Network                                                                             standard 2D echo examinations. The
Utilization for optimal                                                                                 neural network of the subject device
   triplet selection                                                                  was revised as described in
                                                                                                attachment 002. Performance testing
                                                                                         has demonstrated very strong
                                                                                                                correlation between the LV analysis
                                                                                                      outputs (EF, GLS) from clips selected
                                                                                           by the subject SVS software
                                                                                                              application and clips manually selected
                                                                                           by clinical users.

Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound  EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                System                         System       Feature                                                                                 Comparison                                  Feature: SVS v2                     K240850
                            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
                     Yes – the subject SVS software      Yes – the subject SVS software        The subject SVS software application,
                            application uses an additional          application uses an additional heuristic   similar to the predicate
                             heuristic logic step, after the deep      logic step, after the deep neural network  device(K240850), includes additional
                          neural network identifies the views      identifies the views and determines a list  heuristic logic step for preferentially
                      and determines a list of 3               of 3 clip combinations (triplets), to        selecting certain scan depths. The
                                clip combinations (triplets), to           preferentially select triplets of shallower  logic was revised in the subject device.
                              preferentially select triplets of         scan depths, provided the depth        Performance testing has demonstrated
Scan depth considered   shallower scan depths. Restriction of   exceeds 10cm and the variation of       very strong correlation between the LV
   for optimal triplet     depth on clinical images is 12-20 cm.  depths of each clips is 1cm or less.      analysis outputs (EF, GLS) from clips
      selection?                                                                                      selected by the subject SVS software
                                                                                                               application and clips manually selected
                                                                                           by clinical users. Therefore, the
                                                                                                                revision in the additional heuristic logic
                                                                                                      step of the subject SVS software does
                                                                                                        not raise new or different questions of
                                                                                                            safety or effectiveness in comparison
                                                                                                                    to the predicate device K240850.

VI.     Safety Considerations
      The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems, including SVS v2 software
        applications, and compatible transducers are all Track 3 Devices and comply with the referenced
       standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff –
       Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers, issued in February 2023.

         VII.     Nonclinical Performance Data
      The proposed modification of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was tested
         in accordance with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per the
        following standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:
            •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
            •  IEC 62366-1 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices
                Edition 1.1 2020-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION
            •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019
        Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
       provided to support the introduction of the subject SVS v2 software applications. The activities to assure
        the safe and effective performance of the software revision included, but are not limited to, the following:
            •   Requirements Review
            •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
            •   Product Specification Review
            •   Design Reviews
         In  addition, a  retrospective data  analysis studies were performed  to support the  substantial
       equivalence of the SVS v2 features integrated onto EPIQ and Affiniti:
      The study was conducted to evaluate the performance of the SVS workflow enhancement algorithm.
       Three reviewers (clinical experts) participated in the manual selection of clips from subject exam and
       subsequent semi-automated processing of the clips with AutoStrain LV software to evaluate GLS and
       EF, which served as ground truth (average across reviewers for each output). The same exams were
       processed through the SVS software for automatic selection of appropriate clips and subsequent, unedited evaluation of GLS and EF with AutoStrain LV. GLS and bi-plane EF results for each subject
       evaluated by the reviewers (averaged across reviewers= ground  truth) were compared to the
        automatically obtained GLS and EF results with SVS selected clips.
      The co-primary endpoints for the study were defined as agreements between GLS/EF measured via
       manual clip selection and compared to SVS clip selection and GLS/EF output using AutoStrain LV
        software. Agreement was measured as correlation for each output, separately for GLS and EF (coprimary endpoints). A review of the published literature and previous regulatory submissions (K130779,
       K232500) informed the acceptance criteria for the study to be defined as Lower Confidence Bound for
        the Pearson’s correlation coefficient to be >0.8. In addition to Pearson’s correlation assessment, BlandAltman analysis was performed for EF and GLS

  Demographic characteristics data were available from a subset of the study population. The demographic
   characteristics for this subset of the study population are presented below in the table below.

Table 3: Full demographic and clinical characteristics of patient gathered from US based medical center.


                                                mean ± sd  (n) (min, max) or                 Variable                                                         %(n/N)
             Sex
              Male                                   53.5% (38/71)

Female                                 46.5% (33/71)

Age (years, mean ± SD (range))                61.0 ± 16.4 (23.0, 89.0)

Height (cm, mean ± SD (range))               171.4 ± 12.1 (145.0, 198.0)

Weight (kg, mean ± SD (range))                87.7 ± 21.4 (47.2, 164.5)

BSA (m², mean ± SD (range))                   2.0 ± 0.3 (1.4, 2.8)

BMI (kg/m², mean ± SD (range))               29.7 ± 6.7 (17.7, 57.6)


Race
White                                   35.2% (25/71)

Asian                                   0.0% (0/71)

Black or African American                   60.6% (43/71)

American Indian or Alaska Native             0.0% (0/71)

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander      0.0% (0/71)

Mixed/More than one race                  1.4% (1/71)

Other/Unknown/Not Reported               2.8% (2/71)


LV systolic function
Normal                                   46 (64.79%)
Mild                                      4 (5.63%
Moderate                                10 (14.08%)
Severe                                  11 (15.49%)

RWMA
Normal                                   40 (56.34%)
Not Reported                              27 (38.03%)
Abnormal                                 4 (5.63%)

Known CAD                               Not Reported


Previous reported MI Location
None                                      71 (100.00%)

LV Hypertrophy
No                                        42 (59.15%)

Yes                                       29 (40.85%)

The results of the primary endpoints analysis demonstrate acceptable performance for automatic
 selection of appropriate clips by SVS software and subsequent output of GLS and EF with AutoStrain
LV compared to the results published in literature for EF and GLS. Specifically, for the Pearsons’
 correlation coefficient was 0.891 (95%CI 0.851, 0.920) for the EF and 0.906 (95%CI 0.871, 0.931) for
 the GLS measurement. The lower confidence bounds were 0.871 for GLS and 0.851 for EF, thereby
meeting the predefined acceptance criteria for the study. Taken together, success of the primary
endpoint and supporting additional analyses indicate that the safety and effectiveness of the
proposed subject software, SVS, is acceptable and aligns with the previously reported performance.
Since this is a software-only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
 Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems with SVS v2. The transducer patient contact materials and manufacturing processes are not
impacted by the release of the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with
SVS v2.

VIII.    Clinical Data
There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series
Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with SVS v2 software applications.

IX.      Sterilization
Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.

X.     Conclusion
For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
proposed subject device meets its intended use support a determination that the proposed subject
 device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.
 Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications
 for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and effectiveness.