Peek Health, S.A.
Sara Silva
Chief Quality Officer (CQO)
Centro de Negócios Ideia Atlântico, Rua Padres Carmelitas
Braga, 4719-005
Portugal
                                                             March 19, 2025
Re: K250042
    Trade/Device Name: PeekMed web
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: January 8, 2025
    Received: January 8, 2025

Dear Sara Silva:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250042 - Sara Silva                                                                 Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250042 - Sara Silva                                                                 Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
  K250042
Device Name
 PeekMed webI
Indications for Use (Describe)
 PeekMed web is a system designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative planning for several surgical procedures, based on their imported patients' imaging studies. Experience in usage and a clinical assessment is necessary for the proper use of the system in the revision and approval of the output of the planning. The multi-platform system works with a database of digital representations related to surgical materials supplied by their manufacturers.
 This medical device consists of a decision support tool for qualified healthcare professionals to quickly and efficiently perform the pre-operative planning for several surgical procedures, using medical imaging with the additional capability of planning the 2D or 3D environment. The system is designed for the medical specialties within surgery and no specific use environment is mandatory, whereas the typical use environment is a room with a computer. The patient target group is adult patients who have an injury or disability diagnosed previously. There are no other considerations for the intended patient population.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                 Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)            rzJ                  D

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
          *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                          510(k) summary


This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements
of 21 CFR 807.92.

    1. Submitter
    Peek Health, S.A.
     Centro de Negócios Ideia Atlântico
    Rua Padres Carmelitas
     4719-005 Braga
     Portugal


     Contact Person:              Sara Silva
                                        Chief Quality Officer (CQO)
                                        Email: sara.silva@peekmed.com
                                          Office number: + 351 253 128 941


     Date Summary Prepared:     March 17, 2025

    2. Device

    2.1 PeekMed web

     Trade Name:              PeekMed web
    Common or Usual Name:      Medical image management and processing system
      Classification Name:           System, Image Processing, Radiological
                                       (21 C.F.R. § 892.2050)
     Regulatory Class:             Class II
     Product Code:                QIH, LLZ


    3. Legally Marketed Predicate Device

    3.1 PeekMed web

       510(k)                   Product Name                    Clearance Date

     K240926                 PeekMed web                  December 6, 2024


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web
                                                                       Page 1

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


4. Device Description Summary

PeekMed web is a system designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative planning
for several surgical procedures, based on their imported patients’ imaging studies. Experience in
usage and a clinical assessment is necessary for the proper use of the system in the revision and
approval of the output of the planning.

The multi-platform system works with a database of digital representations related to surgical
materials supplied by their manufacturers.

As PeekMed web is capable of representing medical images in a 2D or 3D environment, performing
relevant measurements on those images, and also capable of adding templates, it then can perform
a total overview of the surgery. Being software  it does not interact with any part of the body of the
user and/or patient.


5. Intended Use/Indications for Use

PeekMed web is a system designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative planning
for several surgical procedures, based on their imported patients’ imaging studies. Experience in
usage and a clinical assessment is necessary for the proper use of the system in the revision and
approval of the output of the planning.

The multi-platform system works with a database of  digital representations related to surgical
materials supplied by their manufacturers.

This medical device consists of a decision support tool for qualified healthcare professionals to
quickly and efficiently perform the pre-operative planning for several surgical procedures, using
medical imaging with the additional capability of planning the 2D or 3D environment. The system is
designed for the medical specialties within surgery and no specific use environment is mandatory,
whereas the typical use environment is a room with a computer. The patient target group is adult
patients who have an injury or disability diagnosed previously. There are no other considerations for
the intended patient population.

5.1. Contraindications


No contraindications specific to this device.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                       Page 2

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


5.2 Indications for Use Comparison

There are NO differences between the indications for use of this device and its predicate.


6. Technological Comparison to Predicate

PeekMed web was compared to its respective predicate device in intended use, indications for use,
design, function, and technology and it was demonstrated that they are substantially equivalent. Any
technological differences within this 510(k), between the subject device and the predicate device, do
not impact substantial equivalence, or safety and effectiveness.

The subject device and its predicate are both medical software that allows healthcare professionals
to perform orthopedic pre-surgical planning efficiently in the musculoskeletal system of adults in a
healthcare environment, therefore sharing the same intended use, intended user and intended
patient population. To properly and fully use both devices, clinical judgment, and experience are
mandatory.

Both  devices have the same workflows, use requirements  (e.g.,  internet connection, output
validation), and planning features (e.g., model representation, digital overlap of prosthetic material,
possible 2D and 3D environments). Both devices generate a final report of the planning which
consists of the selected images with templates, measurements, and textual information describing
the patient and/or the surgical procedure to be performed.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                       Page 3

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                    Table 1: Summary of Predicate and Subject Device Characteristics to Demonstrate Substantial Equivalence


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K240926                      Subject device              Equivalent?

 Product Code       QIH, LLZ                              LLZ, QIH                          Yes                  ---

 Regulation
                   21 CFR 892.2050                    21 CFR 892.2050                    Yes                  ---
 Number

                     Medical Image Management And         Medical Image Management And
 Regulation Name                                                                      Yes                  ---
                     Processing System                      Processing System

                 PeekMed web is a system designed to    PeekMed web is a system designed to
                      help healthcare professionals carry out    help healthcare professionals carry out
                       pre-operative planning for several surgical pre-operative planning for several surgical
                      procedures, based on their imported       procedures, based on their imported
                         patients’ imaging studies. Experience in    patients’ imaging studies. Experience in
                   usage and a clinical assessment is       usage and a clinical assessment is
                     necessary for the proper use of the       necessary for the proper use of the system
                    system in the revision and approval of the  in the revision and approval of the output
 Intended             output of the planning. The multi-platform  of the planning. The multi-platform system
 use/Indications for  system works with a database of digital    works with a database of digital         Yes                  ---
 use                  representations related to surgical         representations related to surgical
                       materials supplied by their manufacturers.  materials supplied by their manufacturers.

                      This medical device consists of a decision This medical device consists of a decision
                      support tool for qualified healthcare        support tool for qualified healthcare
                       professionals to quickly and efficiently      professionals to quickly and efficiently
                     perform the pre-operative planning for     perform the pre-operative planning for
                       several surgical procedures, using         several surgical procedures, using medical
                     medical imaging with the additional       imaging with the additional capability of


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 4

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K240926                      Subject device              Equivalent?

                         capability of planning the 2D or 3D        planning the 2D or 3D environment. The
                      environment. The system is designed for  system is designed for the medical
                       the medical specialties within surgery and  specialties within surgery and no specific
                   no specific use environment is mandatory, use environment is mandatory, whereas
                   whereas the typical use environment is a   the typical use environment is a room with
                  room with a computer. The patient target  a computer. The patient target group is
                     group is adult patients who have an injury  adult patients who have an injury or
                        or disability diagnosed previously. There    disability diagnosed previously. There are
                      are no other considerations for the       no other considerations for the intended
                      intended patient population.                patient population.


                No contraindications specific to this
 Contraindications                                 No contraindications specific to this device. Yes                  ---
                       device.

                 PeekMed web allows the surgeon to     PeekMed web allows the surgeon to
                     perform orthopedic pre-surgical planning   perform orthopedic pre-surgical planning
 Clinical purpose                                                                       Yes                  ---
                            efficiently in the musculoskeletal system    efficiently in the musculoskeletal system
                            (e.g., Hip procedures, Knee procedures)    (e.g., Hip procedures, Knee procedures)

                 PeekMed web allows the surgeon to
                                                 PeekMed web allows the surgeon to
                     perform the pre-surgical planning
                                                            perform the pre-surgical planning efficiently
                            efficiently in the following anatomical
                                                                            in the following anatomical regions:
                        regions:                                                             Yes
 Anatomical regions                                                            - Hip                         —
                                - Hip
                                                                                         - Knee
                                - Knee
                                                                                         - Upper limb
                                - Upper limb
                                                                                         - Foot
                                - Foot

 Patient Population   Adults                                    Adults                             Yes                  ---


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 5

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K240926                      Subject device              Equivalent?

 End users           Healthcare Professionals                 Healthcare Professionals              Yes                  ---

                     Software is cloud-based (not installable)   Software is cloud-based (not installable)
                   and can be displayed on any personal    and can be displayed on any personal
 Device availability                                                                      Yes                  ---
                      device or workstation that can run on a    device or workstation that can run on a
                 web browser                      web browser

                        Distributed system (cloud-based). This     Distributed system (cloud-based). This
 Software              distributed system is a combination of      distributed system is a combination of
                                                                                     Yes                  ---
 Architecture         software modules placed on servers that   software modules placed on servers that
                      are able to communicate with each other.  are able to communicate with each other.

                  The workflow is as follows: Import case   The workflow is as follows: Import case
                     images, configure images, identify the     images, configure images, identify the
 Workflow                                                                             Yes                  ---
                      case, pre-surgical planning, and export    case, pre-surgical planning, and export the
                       the case.                                case.

 Internet connection  Required                              Required                          Yes                  ---

                    Receives medical images from various    Receives medical images from various
 Images source                                                                         Yes                  ---
                     sources                               sources

                  The software processes data to provide   The software processes data to provide an
 Data processing    an overlap and dimensioning of digital     overlap and dimensioning of digital       Yes                  ---
                       representations of the prosthetic material  representations of the prosthetic material

 Digital overlap of    Allows the overlap of models and the      Allows the overlap of models and the
                                                                                     Yes                  ---
 templates             intersection of the models                  intersection of the models

 Interactive model
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 positioning

 Interactive model    Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 6

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K240926                      Subject device              Equivalent?

 dimensioning

 Model rotation      Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---

 Support for digital
 prosthetic
 materials provided  Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 by the
 manufacturers

 Pre-surgical
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 planning

 Type of
 pre-surgical         Automatic or Manual                    Automatic or Manual                  Yes                  ---
 planning

 Contact with the
                No                            No                               Yes                  ---
 patient

 Control of life
                No                            No                               Yes                  ---
 supporting devices

Human
 intervention for
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 image
 interpretation

 Ability to add
 additional modules  Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 when available

 Automatic bone     Yes                                Yes                               Yes          The subject device includes new ML


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 7

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K240926                      Subject device              Equivalent?

 segmentation           - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)                        - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)                            model variants for segmentation.
                                - Knee (X-ray and CT scan)                     - Knee (X-ray and CT scan)                            Both devices allow the planning for
                                - Upper limb (CT scan)                           - Upper limb (CT scan)                                        foot region with CT scans but the
                                - Foot (CT scan)                                    - Foot (X-ray and CT scan)                                 subject device also allows with X-ray
                                                                                                                 images.
                                                                                                                        This does not constitute an intended
                                                                                                              purpose update nor does it raise
                                                                                                                       questions of safety and performance,
                                                                                                                         since the development, verification,
                                                                                                                                          validation, and deployment processes
                                                                                                                     are the same for both devices.

                                                                                                   The subject device includes new ML
                                                                                                        model variants for landmarking.
                                                                                                              Both devices allow the planning for
                                                                                                                                        foot region with CT scans but the
                     Automatic or Manual                    Automatic or Manual
                                                                                                                             subject device also allows with X-ray
                                - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)                        - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)
 Type of                                                                                                          images.
                                - Knee (X-ray and CT scan)                     - Knee (X-ray and CT scan)            Yes
 landmarking                                                                                                           This does not constitute an intended
                                - Upper limb (CT scan)                           - Upper limb (CT scan)
                                                                                                              purpose update nor does it raise
                                - Foot (CT scan)                                    - Foot (X-ray and CT scan)
                                                                                                                       questions of safety and performance,
                                                                                                                         since the development, verification,
                                                                                                                                          validation, and deployment processes
                                                                                                                     are the same for both devices.


PeekMed web shares the same intended use, indications for use, end users, and has patient population, and overall technical and
functional capabilities, and therefore is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The subject device has the same design and


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 8

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


function as the predicate device for the modes of operation and use. The subject device includes new/improved ML models and variants.


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 9

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


7. Performance Data

Nonclinical performance testing performed on the subject device, PeekMed web, supports substantial
equivalence to the predicate device. The following testing was performed on the subject device:

    A. Verification activities to ensure that features were implemented following the requirements
      and covering the acceptance criteria.
    B. ML models incorporated into the PeekMed web were also developed, trained, tested, and
        externally validated for their performance according to the internal procedures.
           ○ A dedicated validation dataset containing different data from the ML development
              dataset was used. Specifically, the validation dataset was not a sampling of the
             development dataset, has never been used for the algorithm training or for tunning the
               algorithm, and leakage between development and validation data sets did not occur.


               Training, development, testing and external validation data information

         ML models were developed with datasets from multiple sites in a total of 2852 CR
               datasets, and 1903 CT scans. We trained the ML models with 80% of the datasets,
             developed with 10%, and tested with the remaining 10%. External validation  is
             performed by sample size with a total unique dataset, for segmentation ML model:
             375; Landmarking ML model: 345; Classification ML model: 347; and Detection ML
             model: 198. This comprehensive dataset was designed to cover the intended use
              population while ensuring a variety of data maintaining diverse patient characteristics.


            Subgroup definition (generalizability)

              Datasets were divided according to the subgroups listed below:

                   ● Demographics
                          ○  Patient Sex
                          ○  Patient Age
                   ● Equipment and Protocols for Image Collection
                          ○  Institution Name
                          ○  Manufacturer
                          ○  Manufacturer Model Name


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 10

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                  Acceptance criteria

                 The acceptance criteria for each ML model are shown in the following table:

              ML model                      Acceptance Criteria

                     Segmentation                     DICE is no less than 90%
                                                     HD-95 is no more than 8
                                              STD DICE is between +/- 10%
                                                                  Precision is more than 85%
                                                                  Recall is more than 90%

                    Landmarking                 MRE is no more than 7mm
                                              STD MRE is between +/- 5mm

                         Classification                        Accuracy is no less than 90%.
                                                                  Precision is no less than 85%
                                                                  Recall is no less than 90%
                                                    F1 score is no less than 90%

                       Detection                    MAP is no less than 90%.
                                                                  Precision is no less than 85%
                                                                  Recall is no less than 90%



                   Reference Standard (“Truthing” Process)

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Segmentation ML model using the

                       testing and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met

                     the  acceptance  criteria  for ML  model  performance,  demonstrating  the

                       substantial equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Landmarking ML model using the

                       testing and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met

                     the  acceptance  criteria  for ML  model  performance,  demonstrating  the

                       substantial equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Classification ML model using the

                       testing and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 11

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                     the  acceptance  criteria  for ML  model  performance,  demonstrating  the

                       substantial equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Detection ML model using the testing

                  and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met the

                   acceptance criteria for ML model performance, demonstrating the substantial

                    equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.


                  Independence of Training and External Validation Data

                     External validation datasets were collected independently of the development
                    data to prevent bias, ensuring the reliability of the results. For the external
                        validation, a  fully independent dataset, labeled by a separate team, was
                  employed to provide an accurate assessment of the model's performance, over
                     the whole population and for each sub-group mentioned before to prove that it
                     generalizes  well  to unseen,  real-world  data.  All the testing and external
                       validation performed indicate acceptable performances of the ML models for its
                    intended population.

    C. Validation tests were performed internally before the release to the market by qualified
       personnel,  in an environment simulating the real end-user environment. This validation
       follows a pre-defined test script document, according to the tests defined in the TestRail.

Nonclinical performance testing allowed us to understand that there are no related problems in the
subject device. Furthermore, these tests will be repeated and updated when appropriate to ensure
that the software is always properly validated, making it possible to understand in which version the
problems arise and in which they are solved. Consequently, any problem that may appear in a given
PeekMed web version will be identified and can be solved in subsequent versions, as all steps are
traceable. All anatomical areas were tested, as well as other main areas of the software, such as the
planning final report, and saved planning, ML models, among others.

After these successful validation tests,  it is possible to deem the subject device, PeekMed web, as
substantially equivalent to its predicate device.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 12

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


9. Conclusion

Based on the information provided in this 510(k) submission,  it was determined that the subject
device, PeekMed web,  is  substantially  equivalent  to the  legally marketed  predicate device
concerning indications for use, intended use, design, technology, and performance.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 13