September 12, 2025

Apple Inc.
Bonnie Wu
Regulatory Affairs Lead
One Apple Park Way
Cupertino, California 95014


Re: K250507
    Trade/Device Name: Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2380
    Regulation Name: Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SFR

Dear Bonnie Wu:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change for
your device cleared on September 11, 2025. Specifically, FDA is updating this substantial equivalence (SE)
letter as an administrative correction to include the correct version of the 510(k) Summary for K250507.
FDA is also updating this SE Letter because FDA has created a new product code to better categorize your
device technology.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
LCDR Stephen Browning, OHT2: Office of Cardiovascular Devices, 240-402-5241,
stephen.browning@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                Sincerely,
                     Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

September 11, 2025

Apple Inc.
Bonnie Wu
Regulatory Affairs Lead
One Apple Park Way
Cupertino, California 95014


Re: K250507
    Trade/Device Name: Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2380
    Regulation Name: Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QXO
    Dated: February 20, 2025
    Received: February 21, 2025

Dear Bonnie Wu:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250507 - Bonnie Wu                                                               Page 2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K250507 - Bonnie Wu                                                               Page 3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                  K250507  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name( s).

Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF)


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                              IThe Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF) is a software-only mobile medical application that analyzes
photoplethysmography (PPG) data opportunistically collected by Apple Watch to identify patterns that are
suggestive of hypertension and provides a notification to the user.

The feature is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use by adults age 22 and over who have not been
previously diagnosed with hypertension.  It is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis, to
monitor hypertension treatment effect, or to be used as a method of blood pressure surveillance.  It is not
intended for use during pregnancy. The absence of a notification does not indicate the absence of
hypertension.


  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  D Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                                                             IZJ


Hypertension Notification Feature {HTNF)                                                         Page 7 of 32

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with
the requirements of 21 CFR §807.92:

1. Submitter


 Applicant            Apple Inc.
                  One Apple Park Way
                        Cupertino, CA 95014

 Primary             Bonnie Wu
 Correspondent       Regulatory Affairs Lead
                     Phone: (408) 974-0617
                        Email: bonnie_h_wu@apple.com

 Secondary        Sam Surette
 Correspondent     US Regulatory Affairs Manager
                     Phone: (628) 629-4161
                        Email: ssurette@apple.com

 Date Prepared        Feb. 20, 2025

2. Device Names and Classifications

Subject Device:

 Name of Device      Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF)
 Classification Name  Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification Software,
                    21 CFR 870.2380

 Regulatory Class     Class II
 Product Code      SFR

 510(k) Review        Cardiovascular
 Pannel

Predicate Device:

 Predicate                Viz.ai, Inc.
 Manufacturer
 Predicate Trade       Viz HCM
 Name
 Predicate 510(k)     DEN230003


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 1 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


3. Device Description

The Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF) is an over-the-counter mobile medical
application that is intended to analyze data collected from the PPG sensor of the Apple Watch
(a general purpose computing platform), over multiple days to surface a notification to users
who may have hypertension. The feature is intended for adults who have not been previously
diagnosed with hypertension. The feature is not intended for use during pregnancy. The feature
is not intended to replace traditional methods of diagnosis, to monitor hypertension treatment
effect, or to be used as a method of blood pressure surveillance.
Absence of a notification does not indicate the absence of hypertension. HTNF cannot identify
every instance of hypertension. In addition, HTNF will not surface a notification if insufficient
data is collected.
HTNF comprises the following features:

     • A software feature on the Apple Watch (“Software Feature on Watch”), and
     • A pair of software features on the iOS device (“Software Feature on iPhone” and
     “Software Feature on iPad”)
On the Apple Watch, HTNF uses PPG data and qualification information from the watch
platform. The Software Feature on watch incorporates a machine-learning model that gives
each qualified PPG signal a score associated with risk of hypertension.
On the iPhone, HTNF incorporates an algorithm that aggregates qualified hypertension risk
scores and identifies patterns suggestive of hypertension. If hypertension patterns are
identified, the feature surfaces a notification to users that they may have hypertension. The
feature includes a user interface (UI) framework to enable user on-boarding and display
educational materials and hypertension notification history in the Hypertension Notification
room in the Health app.
On the iPad, HTNF provides a data viewing framework to display hypertension notification
history in the Hypertension Notification room in Health app.

4. Indications for Use

The Hypertension Notification Feature (HTNF) is a software-only mobile medical application
that analyzes photoplethysmography (PPG) data opportunistically collected by Apple Watch to
identify patterns that are suggestive of hypertension and provides a notification to the user.
The feature is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use by adults age 22 and over who have not
been previously diagnosed with hypertension. It is not intended to replace traditional methods
of diagnosis, to monitor hypertension treatment effect, or to be used as a method of blood
pressure surveillance. It is not intended for use during pregnancy. The absence of a notification
does not indicate the absence of hypertension.

5. Comparison with the Predicate Device

HTNF and the predicate device (Viz HCM, DEN230003) have the same intended use,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation, and the difference in indications
does not represent a new intended use. Both the subject and predicate devices are softwareonly mobile medical applications intended to identify a single condition based on non-invasive


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 2 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


physiological inputs and suggest the likelihood of a cardiovascular disease for further referral
or diagnostic follow-up. Both devices are intended as the basis for further testing and are not
intended to provide diagnostic quality output.
The subject device contains some differences in indications for use:
     • HTNF is indicated for identifying possible hypertension. Viz HCM is indicated for possible
     hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM).
     • HTNF is indicated for adult users (22+ years) who are not diagnosed with hypertension
     nor is it indicated for use during pregnancy. Viz HCM is indicated for adult users (18+
      years) who do not have implanted pacemakers.
     • HTNF is intended to be used by lay users as an over-the-counter (OTC) device.
     Conversely, Viz HCM is intended to be used as a prescription device by clinicians in a
      hospital setting.

Additionally, the subject device contains some differences in technological characteristics:

     • The subject device is a passive, opportunistic device that analyzes PPG signal collected
     over multiple days and surfaces notifications only when patterns of hypertension are
      identified. Viz HCM analyzes 12-Lead ECG signal and provides on-demand analysis.
The differences in indications and technological characteristics described above do not raise
new questions of safety or effectiveness. The differences can properly be evaluated through
the special controls established in 21 CFR 870.2380. The subject device has been
appropriately verified and validated through non-clinical and clinical testing to ensure that the
device is substantially equivalent to the predicate. A complete comparison of the subject and
predicate device can be found in Table 1 below.

Table 1. Subject Device and Predicate Device Comparison Table

                           Subject Device                  Predicate Device
       Item
                        HTNF                             Viz HCM
 Device Name      Hypertension Notification Feature   Viz HCM

 Manufacturer      Apple Inc.                               Viz.ai, Inc.

 Product Code     SFR                    QXO

                     Cardiovascular Machine Learning-  Cardiovascular Machine LearningRegulation Name
                 Based Notification Software       Based Notification Software

 OTC/Prescription  OTC                                Prescription

                  The Hypertension Notification       Viz HCM is a cardiovascular
                    Feature (HTNF) is a machine-       machine-learning-based notification
                     learning-based notification         software employs machine learning
 Intended Use      software that employs machine     techniques to detecting signs
                      learning techniques to identify                                                      associated with hypertrophic
                     possible hypertension for further                                                   cardiomyopathy (HCM).Viz HCM
                     diagnostic follow-up. The


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 3 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


                           Subject Device                  Predicate Device
       Item
                        HTNF                             Viz HCM
                     software identifies patterns that     analyzes recordings of 12-lead ECG
                     are suggestive of hypertension     and identifies patients for further
                  based on photoplethysmography  HCM follow-up and does not
                   (PPG) data opportunistically        replace the current standard of care
                      collected by Apple Watch. It is     methods for diagnosis of HCM.
                    intended as the basis for further
                      evaluation and is not intended to
                     provide a diagnosis of
                     hypertension.

                  The Hypertension Notification       Viz HCM is intended to be used in
                    Feature (HTNF) is a software-only   parallel to the standard of care to
                    mobile medical application that     analyze recordings of 12-lead ECG
                     analyzes photoplethysmography   made on compatible ECG devices.
                   (PPG) data opportunistically         Viz HCM is capable of analyzing the
                      collected by Apple Watch to      ECG, detecting signs associated
                        identify patterns that are            with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
                     suggestive of hypertension and     (HCM), and allowing the user to view
                     provides a notification to the user.  the ECG and analysis results. Viz
                                  HCM is indicated for use on 12-lead                  The feature is intended for overECG recordings collected from                     the-counter (OTC) use by adults
                                                           patients 18 years of age or older. Viz                  age 22 and over who have not Indications for                                  HCM is not intended for use on                  been previously diagnosed with Use                                                           patients with implanted pacemakers.                     hypertension. It is not intended to
                     replace traditional methods of       Viz HCM is limited to analysis of
                      diagnosis, to monitor          ECG data and should not be used
                     hypertension treatment effect, or     in-lieu of full patient evaluation or
                      to be used as a method of blood    relied upon to make or confirm
                    pressure surveillance. It is not       diagnosis. Viz HCM identifies
                    intended for use during             patients for further HCM follow-up
                    pregnancy. The absence of a      and does not replace the current
                        notification does not indicate the    standard of care methods for
                  absence of hypertension.           diagnosis of HCM. The results of the
                                                      device are not intended to rule-out
                                  HCM follow-up.

 Principle of      HTNF analyzes PPG data           Viz HCM analyzes 12-lead ECG
 Operation          collected by the sensor on the      recordings collected from
                   Apple Watch platform and         compatible ECG devices and
                         identifies patterns suggestive of     identifies signs associated with
                     hypertension. HTNF surfaces a     hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The
                        notification to user that they may    software allows users to view the
                   have hypertension.           ECG and analysis results.


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 4 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


                           Subject Device                  Predicate Device
       Item
                        HTNF                             Viz HCM
 Target             Adults without previous HTN        Adult patients. Not intended for
 Population         diagnosis. Not intended for         patients with implanted pacemakers.
                    pregnant users

 Intended User     Lay user                              Clinician

 Overall Device    A software-only device, and uses  A software-only device, and uses a
 Design           a machine learning-based         machine learning-based algorithm to
                     algorithm to analyze input sensor   analyze input signals from a ECG
                      signals from a general purpose     device and provide an assessment
                   computing platform and provide     for the presence of HCM.
                  an assessment for the presence                                                 Assessments are conducted on
                       of hypertension.                                           demand in clinic or hospital setting,
                  Assessments are based on sensor  such that the findings can be
                    data opportunistically collected     provided to health care
                    over 30-day periods. The device    professionals for further analysis.
                            is intended to provide passive and
                      opportunistic detection of
                     hypertension, such that after initial
                     enrollment no user interaction is
                     required for the device to perform
                   as intended.

 Use Environment  At home use                          In clinic or hospital use

 Device            Software only                    Software only
 Components
 Device Input     PPG data from compatible Apple   12-Lead ECG from compatibles
                 Watch platforms             ECG devices

 Device Output    A notification that the user may      Identified signs associated with
                   have hypertension           HCM and ECG analysis results

 Clinical           The performance was                 Sensitivity: 68.4% (95% CI [62.8,
 Performance      demonstrated to be acceptable      73.5])
                         for identifying potential               Specificity: 99.1% (95% CI [98.7,
                     hypertension within the intended    99.4])
                      population.                  PPV (prevalence of 0.002): 13.7%
                                            (95% CI [10.1, 19.9])                         Sensitivity: 41.2% (95% CI [37.2,
                        45.3])
                        Specificity: 92.3% (95% CI [90.6,
                        93.7])
                PPV (prevalence of 31.4%):
                 70.9% (95% CI [65.7, 75.7])


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 5 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


6. Algorithm Development

HTNF incorporated a machine learning (ML)-based algorithm to identify key PPG patterns that
are suggestive of hypertension. The ML-based algorithm comprises of two key models:
     • A deep-learning (DL) model developed using a self-supervised learning method based on
     a large-scale unlabeled data to extract generalizable characteristics of the PPG input
      signals. The unlabeled data included Apple Watch sensor data collected over 86,000
      participants.
     • A Linear model trained on top of the DL model to provide specific hypertension
      classifications (hypertensive vs. non hypertensive). The algorithm development dataset
     included Apple Watch sensor data and home blood pressure reference measurements
     collected over 9,800 participants.
For the purposes of ML algorithm development, data collected was pooled and split into four
sets: Training, Train Dev, Test Dev, and Test. The model was trained on the Training dataset,
with the Train Dev dataset used for model iterations and threshold selections. The model was
subsequently evaluated on the Test Dev dataset at significant development milestones
throughout the model’s development. When development was complete and the model was
locked, it was evaluated on the Test dataset as a last test to ensure it had not been over-fit to
the training data. This process ensured no subject overlap and matching distributions of age,
sex, BMI, and disease severity. The development data included a diverse group of subjects
with respect to demographic factors (e.g., age, sex, race, ethnicity, and BMI) that are
representative of the intended use population.

7. Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Extensive non-clinical testing was conducted with passing results supporting a determination
of substantial equivalence. Non-clinical testing conducted included the following:

Software Verification and Validation
Software verification and validation was conducted in accordance with Apple’s robust Quality
Management System and documented to address the recommendations in FDA’s 2023
Guidance, “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions.” HTNF was
determined to require a Basic Documentation Level. Apple’s good software engineering
practices, as demonstrated through the submission’s documentation, supports a conclusion
that HTNF was appropriately designed, verified, and validated.

Cybersecurity
Apple's approach to cybersecurity aligns with FDA's 2023 Guidance, "Cybersecurity in Medical
Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions." The device
also conforms to the cybersecurity requirements identified in Section 524B to the FD&C Act.

Human Factors Validation
HTNF was found to be safe and effective as compared to the predicate for the intended users,
uses, and use environments. This conclusion is supported by iterative human factors analyses


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 6 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


and evaluations on the device, resulting design modifications and the analysis of the
summative validation testing results as recommended by 2016 FDA Guidance, “Applying
Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices.”

General Purpose Computing Platform Testing
HTNF is a software-only device available on compatible general purpose computing platforms
(e.g. Apple Watch); therefore, medical device hardware testing is not applicable. However, as a
multiple function device product, the impact of the general purpose computing platform on
HTNF was assessed per FDA’s 2020 Guidance, “Multiple Function Device Products: Policy and
Considerations” and determined to be acceptable. This is consistent with the impact
assessment of other Apple medical device features made available on Apple Watch, such as
the Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature (K231173), the Atrial Fibrillation History Feature
(K213971), and Sleep Apnea Notification Feature (K240929).

8. Summary of Clinical Performance

Clinical Validation
A pivotal clinical validation study was conducted to demonstrate the clinical benefits measured
by subject level sensitivity and specificity in identifying hypertension status in the intended
population and intended use environment.
The primary objective of the clinical validation was to examine the performance of HTNF in
detecting possible hypertension over a 30-day period. Hypertension is established as average
systolic blood pressure ≥ 130 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure ≥ 80 mmHg by America Heart
Association.
A total of 2,229 subjects without a previous diagnosis of hypertension were enrolled in the
clinical study. The subjects were enrolled from diverse demographic groups and representative
of the intended use population with a range of blood pressures categorized as nonhypertensive (normal or elevated) or hypertensive (stage 1 and stage 2) in accordance with
definitions published in the 2017 American Heart Association Guidelines. All subjects were
asked to wear an Apple Watch for 30 days and measured blood pressure using an FDAcleared home blood pressure monitor as reference. Of the 2,229 enrolled subjects, 1,863
provided at least 15 days of usable data for the primary endpoint analysis.
The clinical study results demonstrated that:
     • The feature met all pre-determined primary endpoints. The overall sensitivity and
      specificity were 41.2% (95% CI [37.2, 45.3]) and 92.3% (95% CI [90.6, 93.7]),
      respectively.
     • The sensitivity for stage 2 hypertension was 53.7% (95% CI [47.7, 59.7]) and the
      specificity for normotensive was 95.3% (95% CI [93.7, 96.5]).
     • Demographic subgroup analyses were conducted using covariate adjusted analysis to
     correct demographic imbalances. The results are presented as risk ratios in Table 2 and
     Figure 1, where point estimates and confidence intervals of the ratio of sensitivities and
      ratio of specificities between categories of the demographic subgroups are reported. The
     demographic subgroup analyses were pre-specified and adjusted for age, sex, BMI, race,
    and Blood Pressure. For each evaluated demographic characteristic, the subcategory
      listed (or listed first, in Table 1) serves as the numerator of the risk ratio. For example, a


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 7 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


      sensitivity risk ratio of less than 1.0 in the younger age group (<60 years) means this
     group has a lower covariate-adjusted sensitivity than the older group (≥60) years. A
      specificity risk ratio of greater than 1.0 in the younger age group means this group has a
     higher covariate-adjusted specificity than the older group. Because a risk ratio of 1.0
     indicates equal performance between subcategories, differences were considered
     nonsignificant if the 95% confidence interval included 1.0.

Table 2. Subgroup Performance - HTNF Clinical Study
                                                    Sensitivity Risk Ratio     Specificity Risk Ratio
               Subgroup                                           [95% CI]             [95% CI]
                                                        0.69                     1.09
         Age (<60 vs. ≥ 60 years)                                                              [0.55, 0.85]                 [1.04, 1.15]
                                                        0.93                     0.97
          Sex (Female vs. Male)                                                              [0.77, 1.12]                 [0.93, 1.03]
                                                        0.87                     1.04
               Not White vs. White                   [0.69, 1.10]                 [1.01, 1.07]

  Race                                                 1.20                     0.97               Not Black vs. Black                                                              [0.93, 1.54]                 [0.93, 1.00]
                                                        1.42                     1.00
               Not Asian vs. Asian                                                              [0.86, 2.35]                 [0.97, 1.04]
                                                        1.41                     1.02
      Ethnicity (Hispanic vs. Not Hispanic)                                                              [1.07, 1.88]                 [0.97, 1.06]
                                                        0.67                     1.06
         BMI (≤ 30 vs. >30 kg/m2)                                                              [0.55, 0.81]                 [1.02, 1.11]
                                                        1.11                     0.98
      Fitzpatrick Skin Tone (I-IV vs. V-VI)                                                              [0.84, 1.47]                 [0.93, 1.02]


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 8 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


                    Figure 1 Sub-group Performance Risk Ratio Analysis

     • Higher sensitivity and lower specificity were observed in those with older age (age≥60
      years) and higher BMI (BMI>30 kg/m2). The result was deemed clinically acceptable due
      to the higher risk nature of these subgroups. Importantly, comparisons of sex, race, and
     skin tone suggested no clinically meaningful difference after covariate adjustment. For
     example, the Asian subgroup was younger (mean age 43.0 vs. 50.9 years) and had lower
    BMI (mean BMI 27.7 vs. 30.9 kg/m2) compared to non-Asian participants. After covariate
     adjustment Asian performance characteristics were on par with non-Asian participants.


Longitudinal Performance Evaluation
A study was conducted over two years to evaluate long-term performance of HTNF, analyzing
patient data containing six discrete non-overlapping 30-day evaluation windows. After
adjusting for demographic characteristic imbalances between this study and the pivotal clinical
study to facilitate comparisons, the results showed the long-term specificity for nonhypertensives (N=187) remained high at 86.4% (95% CI [80.2%, 92.5%]), as did the specificity
for the subset of non-hypertensives with normal blood pressure (N=121) which was 92.5%


510(k) Summary                         K250507                                Page 9 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


(95% CI [86.8%, 98.3%]). Importantly, as shown in Figure 2, the majority of participants
without hypertension who received a notification did so in the first month, and the number of
new notifications within this group tended to decrease month-over-month. This pattern held for
non-hypertensives overall and those with normal blood pressure.


Performance Summary
HTNF performance exceeded the pre-specified performance goals for sensitivity and
specificity. The primary and secondary endpoint analyses confirmed that the Hypertension
Notification Feature algorithm provided appropriate specificity and sensitivity in surfacing
notifications for possible hypertension.

9. Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)

This HTNF submission contains a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP), which complies
with Section 3308 of the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act (FDORA) of 2022, enacted on
December 29, 2022. The PCCP does not include provisions for implementation of adaptive
algorithms that will continuously learn in the field. All algorithm modifications will be trained,
tuned, and locked prior to release of the software to the field. A procedure has also been
established for updating the Instructions for Use in order to inform users about the changes
implemented under this FDA-authorized PCCP, including a summary of the changes, a
characterization of algorithm performance, and the availability and compatibility of the feature.
The PCCP specifies possible modifications to HTNF, as well as verification and validation
activities in place to implement the changes in a controlled manner such that the modified
device remains as safe and effective as the predicate device. The PCCP includes a list of
feature changes defining the specific regions of potential modifications (see Table 3). The
modification protocol incorporates impact assessment considerations and specifies
requirements for data management, including data sources, collection, storage, and
sequestration, as well as documentation and data re-use practices. A total of two test methods
(see Table 4) are defined in the PCCP to establish substantial equivalence relative to the
predicate device, including sample size determination, demographic requirements, analysis
methods, and acceptance criteria. Verification and Validation activities will be conducted in
accordance to the test methods to compare the performance of the modified HTNF to the


510(k) Summary                         K250507                               Page 10 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


initial release to ensure that the feature remains safe and effective across the intended use
population.
The PCCP specifies a framework for instructions for use updates in order to inform users about
the modifications implemented. The instructions for use updates include the following
elements:
     • A description of the modification implemented,
     • A summary of algorithm development deployed to implement the modification, such as
      relevant data and practices (e.g., training, tuning, and test data, algorithm inputs and
      outputs),
     • A description of the specific validation methods and requirements used to evaluate the
     performance of the modification

Table 3. Proposed Modifications to HTNF under the PCCP

 Feature Component                           Modification
 Modifications to        • Revise PPG signal input characteristics
 Machine Learning
                                • Incorporate demographic data input types for the ML model Modules
                                • Revise how DL model processes PPG channel inputs
                                • Implement quantization
                                • Retraining
                                   • Modify basic hyper-parameters
 Modifications to        • Modify logic for surfacing a notification
 Hypertension                                   • Reduce the minimum data required for notification
 Notification Logic


Table 4: Test Methods and Data Collection Approaches

   Evaluation Test
                      Data Collection Approach         Comparative Analysis
     Method

                      Single Watch data collection:                                                             Establish non-inferiority of HTNF
                   The study subjects will wear one                                                   updated performance compared  Single Watch Test                     compatible Apple Watch on the                                                              to initial release      Method                        subject’s preferred wrist and
                    undergo daily data collection.

                    Dual Watch data collection:
                                                             Establish non-inferiority of HTNF                   The study subjects will
  Dual Watch Test   simultaneously wear two Apple      updated performance with
     Method       Watches, one on each wrist, and    updated platform compared to
                                                                                    initial release                    undergo daily data collection. The
                       subject will swap the watches on


510(k) Summary                         K250507                               Page 11 of 12

Apple Inc.                                                   HTNF 510(k) Submission


   Evaluation Test
                      Data Collection Approach         Comparative Analysis
     Method

                   day 15 of the 30-day study period,
                        to minimize physiological or
                       behavioral biases from wrist wear.
                   The wrist assignment for each of
                       the two watches will be
                    randomized at the start of the
                       study.


10.  Conclusion

HTNF is substantially equivalent to the Viz HCM as they are identical with respect to intended
use and there are no differences in technological or performance characteristics that raise new
questions of safety and effectiveness.


510(k) Summary                         K250507                               Page 12 of 12