May 23, 2025


Ewoosoft Co., Ltd
℅ Hyeonguk Kang
Regulatory Affairs Team Manager
801-Ho, Vatechnetworks Bldg., 13, Samsung 1-Ro 2-Gil
HWASEONG-SI, GYEONGGIDO 18449
SOUTH KOREA

Re: K250005
    Trade/Device Name: Clever One
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 18, 2025
    Received: April 21, 2025

Dear Hyeonguk Kang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250005 - Hyeonguk Kang                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250005 - Hyeonguk Kang                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250005

Device Name
Clever One


Indications for Use (Describe)
Clever One is dental imaging software that is intended to provide tools for supporting diagnosis and treatment.
These tools enable end users to view and interpret a series of DICOM compliant medical images and are intended for use
by trained medical professionals. Clever One allows users to load, view, and save DICOM images from CT, panoramic,
cephalometric, intraoral, and other imaging equipment. It also provides functionalities such as 2D viewing, 2D analysis,
3D visualization, 3D analysis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250005


                      510(k) Summary


This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21
CFR Part 807.92.

1.  Date: May 23, 2025

2.  Applicant / Submitter

   Ewoosoft Co., Ltd.
    801-ho, Vatechnetworks Bldg., 13, Samsung 1-ro 2-gil,
    Hwaseong-si, Gyeonggido , Republic of Korea
    Tel: +82 31 8015 6172    Fax: +82 31 8015 6196
   Contact person: Hyeonguk Kang
    Email: paul.kang@ewoosoft.com

3.  Subject Device:

   •      Trade/Device Name: Clever One
   •      Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   •      Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
   •      Regulatory Class: Class II
   •      Product Code: QIH

4.  Predicate Device:

   •      Manufacturer: Ewoosoft Co., Ltd.
   •      Trade/Device Name: EzDent-i
   •     510k Number: K241114
   •      Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   •      Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
   •      Regulatory Class: Class II
   •      Product Code: LLZ

   •      Manufacturer: Ewoosoft Co., Ltd.
   •      Trade/Device Name: Ez3D-i
   •     510k Number: K231757
   •      Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   •      Regulation Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
   •      Regulatory Class: Class II
   •      Product Code: QIH


                                            Page 1 of 8

6.  Device Description:

    Clever One is a dental imaging software designed to acquire, process, view, edit, and
   analyze medical images for supporting diagnostic and preoperative planning purposes. It
   supports standard DICOM formats for 2D and 3D image files and enables advanced imaging
    functionalities for enhanced diagnostic accuracy.

   The software provides a range of features, including:
     - 2D Imaging: Loading, editing, and viewing 2D dental images in standard formats (e.g.,
   DICOM, JPG, BMP).
     - 3D Imaging: Visualization and reconstruction of 3D CT images, including multi-planar views
   (MPR) and volume rendering.
     - Preoperative Planning: Implant position simulation, canal drawing, and bone density
    analysis to support treatment planning.
     - Data Interoperability: Facilitates data transfer and storage using DICOM-compliant
   workflows, ensuring compatibility with third-party systems and imaging devices.

   The software interfaces with dental imaging equipment, such as CT, panoramic,
   cephalometric, and intraoral X-ray systems, as well as intraoral cameras, for image
    acquisition. It is designed for use in network environments, allowing users to upload and
   download clinical diagnostic images and patient data for enhanced collaboration and
    efficient patient management.

7.  Indication for use:

    Clever One is dental imaging software that is intended to provide tools for supporting
    diagnosis and treatment.
   These tools enable end users to view and interpret a series of DICOM compliant medical
   images and are intended for use by trained medical professionals. Clever One allows users
   to load, view, and save DICOM images from CT, panoramic, cephalometric, intraoral, and
   other imaging equipment. It also provides functionalities such as 2D viewing, 2D analysis, 3D
    visualization, 3D analysis.

8.  Intended Patient Population

   Our product has no clinical diagnostic or treatment functions and its main purpose is
    visualizing data. All contents shown in the software are visualized information of numerical
   values acquired from acquisition equipment and visualization results only assist end-users in
    patient counseling, diagnosis, and treatment planning. Users can adjust the visualization
    settings according to content viewed by the user. All diagnosis and treatment decisions
   made are solely up to the user. The 3D tooth segmentation function is limited to adult
    subjects with permanent teeth.


                                            Page 2 of 8

9.  Substantial Equivalence:
                        Subject Device        Equivalent Device      Equivalent Device
  Device name          Clever One v1.0          EzDent-i v3.4            Ez3D-i v5.5
  510K number                       -                K241114             K231757
  Manufacturer           Ewoosoft             Ewoosoft             Ewoosoft
  Indications for     Clever One is dental     EzDent-i is dental       Ez3D-i is dental
  use               imaging software that   imaging software that   imaging software that
                             is intended to provide    is intended to provide    is intended to provide
                      tools for supporting     diagnostic tools for      diagnostic tools for
                      diagnosis and            maxillofacial             maxillofacial
                     treatment.             radiographic imaging.   radiographic imaging.
                   These tools enable     These tools are        These tools are
                 end users to view and   available to view and    available to view and
                      interpret a series of     interpret a series of     interpret a series of
                DICOM compliant     DICOM compliant     DICOM compliant
                    medical images and     dental radiology        dental radiology
                    are intended for use    images and are meant  images and are meant
                  by trained medical      to be used by trained   to be used by trained
                      professionals. Clever    medical professionals   medical professionals
                One allows users to     such as radiologist      such as radiologist
                      load, view, and save    and dentist.          and dentist. Ez3D-i is
                DICOM images from    EzDent-i is intended    intended for use as
                     CT, panoramic,          for use as software to   software to load, view
                     cephalometric,          acquire, view and save  and save DICOM
                        intraoral, and other    2D image files, load     images from CT,
                    imaging equipment. It  DICOM project files     panorama,
                      also provides          from panorama,        cephalometric and
                       functionalities such as   cephalometric, and      intraoral imaging
                2D viewing, 2D           intra-oral imaging      equipment and to
                        analysis, 3D           equipment.            provide 3D
                        visualization, 3D                                    visualization, 2D
                        analysis.                                            analysis, in various
                                              MPR (Multi-Planar
                                                                    Reconstruction)
                                                                        functions.
  Technology/Princ  Clever One is a dental   EzDent-i is a device     Ez3D-i v5.5 is 3D
  iple of Operation   imaging software       that provides various   viewing software for
                    designed to acquire,    features to acquire,     dental CT images in
                      process, view, edit,      transfer, edit, display,  DICOM format with a
                  and analyze medical     store, and perform     host of useful
                   images for supporting   digital processing of     functions including
                      diagnostic and         medical images.       MPR, 2-dimensional
                     preoperative planning   EzDent-i is a patient &   analysis and 3-


                                            Page 3 of 8

purposes. It supports   image management    dimensional image
standard DICOM        software specifically    reformation. It
formats for 2D and 3D   for digital dental        provides advanced
image files and         radiography. It also     simulation functions
enables advanced       provides server/client   such as Implant
imaging functionalities  model so that the       Simulation, Drawing
for enhanced           users upload and        Canal, and Implant
diagnostic accuracy.    download clinical       Environ Bone Density,
                        diagnostic images and   etc. for the benefit of
The software provides   patient information     effective doctor and
a range of features,    from any workstations  patient
including:                in the network         communication and
- 2D Imaging: Loading,  environment.           precise treatment
editing, and viewing                             planning.
2D dental images in     EzDent-i supports
standard formats       general image formats
(e.g., DICOM, JPG,      such as JPG and BMP
BMP).                   for 2D image viewing
- 3D Imaging:           as well as DICOM
Visualization and       format.
reconstruction of 3D
CT images, including    EzDent-i supports the
multi-planar views      acquisition of dental
(MPR) and volume     images by interfacing
rendering.             with OpenCV library
- Preoperative          to import the intraPlanning: Implant        oral camera images. It
position simulation,     also supports the
canal drawing, and      acquisition of
bone density analysis   CT/Panoramic/Cephal
to support treatment    o/Intra-Oral Sensor
planning.             images by interfacing
- Data                 with X-ray capture
Interoperability:        software.
Facilitates data
transfer and storage
using DICOMcompliant workflows,
ensuring compatibility
with third-party
systems and imaging
devices.


                     Page 4 of 8

The software
                    interfaces with dental
                  imaging equipment,
                 such as CT,
                  panoramic,
                   cephalometric, and
                     intraoral X-ray
                   systems, as well as
                     intraoral cameras, for
                image acquisition. It is
                  designed for use in
                 network
                  environments,
                   allowing users to
                 upload and download
                       clinical diagnostic
                 images and patient
                  data for enhanced
                    collaboration and
                      efficient patient
                management.
Platform          IBM-compatible PC or   IBM-compatible PC or   IBM-compatible PC or
               PC network          PC network          PC network
Operating         Microsoft Window 10   Microsoft Windows     Microsoft Window 10
System            or higher              10,11                  or higher
User Interface     Mouse, Keyboard      Mouse, Keyboard      Mouse, Keyboard
Image Input       Images can be         Images can be         Images can be
Sources           scanned, loaded from   scanned, loaded from   scanned, loaded from
                       digital cameras or        digital cameras or        digital cameras or
                  card readers, or        card readers, or        card readers, or
                 imported from a       imported from a       imported from a
                   radiographic imaging    radiographic imaging    radiographic imaging
                   device                 device                 device
32 bit / 64 bit     64 bit               32 / 64 bit            64 bit
Image format    DICOM            DICOM            DICOM
Patient Database  SQL                 SQL                 SQL
Compatibility
Includes Image     Length, Multi Length,   Linear distance, angle   Length, Multi Length,
Measurement      Angle, Multi Angle,                             Angle, Multi Angle,
tools                 Circle, ROI/Area,                                      Circle, ROI/Area,
                 Volume, Profile                             Volume, Profile
Image viewing       Full, side by side,          Full, side by side,          Full, side by side,
                      gallery, thumbnail       gallery, thumbnail       gallery, thumbnail


                                         Page 5 of 8

Image             Grayscale, invert,        Brightness, contrast,    Grayscale, invert,
manipulation      emboss, brightness,     sharpness, inverse,     emboss, brightness,
                    contrast, gamma,        film view, rotate,        contrast, gamma,
                  sharpen, median,       zooming, whitening,    sharpen, median,
                   despeckle, hue,        nerve canal tracing,     despeckle, hue,
                    saturation, equalize,   memo                   saturation, equalize,
                          flip, mirror, masking,                                      flip, mirror, masking,
                    rotate, magnify,                                   rotate, magnify,
                   annotation,                                    annotation,
                  cephalometric tracing,                         cephalometric tracing,
                ceph growth,                              ceph growth,
                    projections, implant                              projections, implant
                    simulations, film view,                          simulations
                 zooming, whitening,
                 nerve canal tracing,
            memo
Implant module    Generic implant        Generic implant        Generic implant
                      libraries                   libraries                   libraries
3D imaging        Clever One can view,    Includes interface to    Ez3D-I can view,
capability          transfer and process   3D imaging software,    transfer and process
              3D radiographs.         Ez3D-i. EzDent-i       3D radiographs.
                  Furthermore, it        imaging software does  Furthermore, it
                  supports Smart Click,   not view, transfer or    supports Smart Click,
                 Smart Clipping,         process 3D            Smart Clipping,
                  Implant Simulation      radiographs.           Implant Simulation
                and Canal Draw.                           and Canal Draw.
Image annotation  Test, paint, ellipse,      Text, paint, ellipse,      Test, paint, ellipse,
                    pointer, select, draw,    pointer, select, draw,    pointer, select, draw,
                  magnify, line,           magnify, line,           magnify, line,
                    rectangle, polygon,      rectangle, polygon,      rectangle, polygon,
                      ruler, protractor,         ruler, protractor,         ruler, protractor,
                   smile library, smudge,   smile library, smudge,   smile library, smudge,
                   brush, redeye           brush, redeye           brush, redeye
                   reduction, select        reduction, select        reduction, select
                    region, copy / paste     region, copy / paste     region, copy / paste
Distribution of     USB, EzUpdater        EzUpdater            USB, EzUpdater
Installation File
for Upgrade
Customer         Manufacturer          Manufacturer          Manufacturer
Support           website, phone         website, phone         website, phone
                number, and e-mail    number, and e-mail    number, and e-mail
                  information provided.   information provided.   information provided.


                                         Page 6 of 8

Dose Information   File information, Dose   File information, Dose   File information, Dose
  Display             indicator (if              indicator (if              indicator (if
                      applicable)              applicable)              applicable)
  Report             Create, open, view,     Create, open, view,     Create, open, view,
  Management       edit, delete               edit, delete               edit, delete
  Pre-integrated     Clever Dent, Weclever  Clever Dent, Weclever  Clever Dent, Weclever
  PMS
  Send E-mail       Send e-mail,          Send e-mail,          Send e-mail,
                    attachment, compress  attachment, compress  attachment, compress
                     to zip file, signature,    to zip file, signature,    to zip file, signature,
                    convert report to,      convert report to,      convert report to,
                    converted image to,    converted image to,    converted image to,
                      patient information     patient information     patient information
                   anonymization         anonymization         anonymization

The subject device, Clever One, is a software product designed to combine the functionality of
two predicate devices, EzDent-i and Ez3D-i. EzDent-i provides 2D imaging capabilities, while
Ez3D-i offers 3D imaging capabilities. Clever One integrates the technologies of these two
devices to support both 2D and 3D imaging, resulting in a unified platform for medical imaging.

    1.  Technological Comparison:
       Clever One adopts the same technological principles as EzDent-i and Ez3D-i, utilizing
     DICOM image formats and digital image input sources. The combined technology
       enables Clever One to provide both 2D and 3D imaging functionalities, which align
        directly with the features offered by the predicate devices. All major functionalities—
       including bone density analysis and implant simulation—are identical to those of the
       predicate devices EzDent-I and Ez3D-I.

    2.  Principle of Operation:
      The operation of Clever One is substantially equivalent to EzDent-i and Ez3D-i. Clever
     One inherits the 2D imaging capabilities from EzDent-i and the 3D imaging capabilities
      from Ez3D-i without introducing new principles of operation.

    3.  Software and Platform:
         All devices, including Clever One, operate on a Windows-based platform using Windows
      10 as the operating system. The integration of functionalities does not alter the
      fundamental platform compatibility.

    4.  User Interface and Functional Enhancements:
      The user interface of Clever One integrates and enhances the graphical interfaces of
       EzDent-i and Ez3D-i to support 2D and 3D imaging in a seamless manner. This
      enhancement does not introduce new risks or functionalities beyond those already
       established by the predicates.


                                            Page 7 of 8

5.  Safety and Effectiveness:
      The combined functionalities of Clever One do not raise new questions regarding safety
       or effectiveness. The system builds upon validated features of EzDent-i and Ez3D-i,
       ensuring that the overall safety profile remains consistent with the predicates.

   Conclusion:
    Clever One is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices EzDent-i (K241114) and Ez3Di (K231757) in terms of technology, principle of operation, platform, and functional
    capabilities. The integration of 2D and 3D imaging does not introduce new technological
    characteristics that would require additional validation beyond that conducted for the
   predicate devices.

10. Technological Characteristics:

    Clever One is a software device that does not contact the patient, nor does it control any
     life sustaining devices. Results produced by the software’s diagnostic, treatment planning
   and simulation tools are dependent on the interpretation of trained and licensed
    radiologists, clinicians and referring physicians as an adjunctive to standard radiology
    practices for diagnosis.

11. Performance Data:

  SW verification/validation and the measurement accuracy test were conducted to establish
   the performance, functionality and reliability characteristics of the subject devices. The
   device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.
   The subject device incorporates a new platform that features network and cloud
    connectivity. In accordance with the FDA's guidance document, "Cybersecurity in Medical
    Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions,"
   comprehensive cybersecurity risk management and verification and validation activities
   were conducted. The results of these cybersecurity assessments, the supporting
   documentation, and the cybersecurity management plan are included in this premarket
   submission.

12. Conclusion:

   The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics,
   general function, application, and indications for use. The new device does not introduce a
   fundamentally new scientific technology, and the device has been validated through system
    level test. Therefore, we conclude that the subject device described in this submission is
   substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                            Page 8 of 8