July 1, 2025

Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.
Kyle Mayr
Director - Regulatory Affairs & Quality Management Systems
Suite 1800, 707 8 Avenue SW
Calgary, AB T2P 1H5
Canada

Re: K250221
    Trade/Device Name: StrokeSENS ASPECTS Software Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software For Lesions Suspicious Of
                    Cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: May 30, 2025
    Received: June 2, 2025

Dear Kyle Mayr:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250221 - Kyle Mayr                                                                 Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn

K250221 - Kyle Mayr                                                                 Page  3


(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250221                                                        I
Device Name
 StrokeSENS ASPECTS Software Application

Indications for Use (Describe)
 StrokeSENS ASPECTS  is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the
 clinician in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

 The Software automatically registers images and uses an Atlas to segment and analyze ASPECTS
 Regions. StrokeSENS ASPECTS extracts image data from individual voxels in the image to provide
 analysis and computer analytics and relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The
 imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT
 (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.

 StrokeSENS ASPECTS  is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging
 workup with known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease
 refers to the number of ASPECTS regions affected which is reflected in the total score. StrokeSENS
 ASPECTS provides information that may be useful  in the characterization of ischemic brain tissue
  injury during image interpretation (within 12 hours from time last known well).

 StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care
 radiologist assessment by providing highlighted ASPECTS regions and an automated editable
 ASPECTS score for clinician review. StrokeSENS ASPECTS presents the original and annotated
 images for concurrent reads. StrokeSENS ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of the
 voxels contributing to the automated ASPECTS score.

 Limitations:
  1. StrokeSENS ASPECTS  is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images.  It is used to assist
 physician evaluation.
 2. StrokeSENS ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA occlusion prior to
 ASPECTS scoring.
 3. Use of StrokeSENS ASPECTS  in clinical settings other than brain ischemia within 12 hours from
 time last known well, caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions, has not been tested.
 4. StrokeSENS ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations
 aged over 21.

 Contraindications:
 * StrokeSENS ASPECTS  is contraindicated for use on brain scans displaying neurological
 pathologies other than acute ischemic stroke, such as tumors or abscesses, hemorrhagic
 transformation, and hematoma.

 Cautions:
 * Patient Motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
 inadequate.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       FOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250221

                    StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:             Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
Address:                      Suite 1800 – 707 8th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 1H5
Date Prepared:              January 23 2025
Telephone Number:         +1 587 686-0787
Contact Person :             Kyle Mayr
Email:                        kyle.mayr@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

Name of the Device:         StrokeSENS ASPECTS software application
Short Brand Name:         StrokeSENS ASPECTS
Classification Name:          Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions
                               suspicious of cancer.
Proposed Classification:     Device Class: II
                             Product Code: POK
                              Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICE

The predicate device is Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS manufactured by Brainomix Limited and cleared under
K221564.

The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 1 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary

    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

StrokeSENS ASPECTS  is a stand-alone software device that uses machine learning algorithms to
automatically process NCCT (non-contrast computed tomography) brain image data to provide an output
ASPECTS score based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS) guidelines.

The post-processing image results and ASPECTS score are identified based on regional imaging features
and overlayed onto brain scan images. StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides an automated ASPECTS score
based on the input CT data for the physician. The score includes which ASPECTS regions are identified
based on regional imaging features derived from non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) brain image
data. The results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS)
guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the discretion of the clinician, the
scores may be adjusted based on the clinician’s judgement.

StrokeSENS ASPECTS can connect with other DICOM-compliant devices, to transfer NCCT scans for
software processing.

Results and images can be sent to a PACS via DICOM transfer and can be viewed on a PACS workstation
or via the StrokeSENS UI or other DICOM-compatible radiological viewer.

StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides an automated workflow which will automatically process image data
received by the system in accordance with pre-configured user DICOM routing preferences.

StrokeSENS ASPECTS principal workflow for NCCT includes the following key steps:

    •   Receive NCCT DICOM Image
    •   Automated image analysis and processing to identify and visualize the voxels which have been
        included in the ASPECTS score (Also referred to as a ‘heat map’ or ‘VCTA; Voxels Contributing to
     ASPECTS Score’).
    •   Automated image analysis and processing to register the subject image to an atlas to segment and
         highlight ASPECTS regions and to display whether or not each region is qualified as contributing
         to the ASPECTS score.
    •   Generation of auto-generated results for review and analysis by users.
    •   Generation of verified/modified result summary for archiving, once the user verifies or modifies the
         results.

Once the auto-generated ASPECTS score results are available, the physician is asked to confirm that the
case in question is for an ICA or MCA occlusion and is able to modify/verify the ASPECTS regional score.
The ASPECTS auto-generated results, including the ASPECTS score, indication of affected side, affected
ASPECTS regions and voxel-wise analysis (shown as a heatmap of voxels ’contributing to ASPECTS
score’), along with the user-verified/modified result summary can be sent to the Picture Archiving and
Communications System (PACS).


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 2 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary

   V.    INDICATIONS FOR USE

StrokeSENS ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician
in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

The Software automatically registers images and uses an Atlas to segment and analyze ASPECTS
Regions. StrokeSENS ASPECTS extracts image data from individual voxels in the image to provide
analysis and computer analytics and relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The
imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT (Alberta
Stroke Program Early CT) Score.

StrokeSENS ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup
with known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number
of ASPECTS regions affected which is reflected in the total score. StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides
information that may be useful in the characterization of ischemic brain tissue injury during image
interpretation (within 12 hours from time last known well).

StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist
assessment by providing highlighted ASPECTS regions and an automated editable ASPECTS score for
clinician review. StrokeSENS ASPECTS presents the original and annotated images for concurrent reads.
StrokeSENS ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of the voxels contributing to the automated
ASPECTS score.

Limitations:
    1.  StrokeSENS ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images. It is used to
        assist physician evaluation.
    2.  StrokeSENS ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA occlusion prior to
     ASPECTS scoring.
    3.  Use of StrokeSENS ASPECTS in clinical settings other than brain ischemia within 12 hours from
        time last known well, caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions, has not been tested.
    4.  StrokeSENS ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations
       aged over 21.


Contraindications:
•  StrokeSENS ASPECTS is contraindicated for use on brain scans displaying neurological pathologies
    other than acute ischemic stroke, such as tumours or abscesses, haemorrhagic transformation, and
   hematoma.

Cautions:
•   Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
    inadequate.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 3 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary

    VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

The detailed analysis of the subject device and the predicate device (shown in Table 1 and Table 2)
demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent in indications for use  / intended use,
technological characteristics, functionality, and operating principles with the predicate (K221564). Of the
three characteristics (technical, biological, and clinical) required for the demonstration of equivalence,
biological characteristics are not applicable since both the subject device and predicate device are software
as a medical device application with no tangible component interfacing with the body.

Both proposed and predicate devices have the same intended use. Both devices are computer-aided
diagnosis (CADx) software devices used to assist clinicians in the assessment and characterization of
brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

Both devices segment and identify ASPECTS regions and use machine learning algorithms to analyze
image data to facilitate the evaluation of extent of disease and to identify and count the affected
ASPECTS regions to generate an ASPECTS score.

Both devices display and highlight the affected ASPECTS regions along with the automatically generated
ASPECTS score. Both devices are not intended for primary interpretation of CT images and both require
that cases processed meet prerequisite criteria such that a primary diagnosis of ICA or MCA occlusion
has already been made by clinicians prior to accessing the processing results and the resulting
ASPECTS score.

Both devices include a gating condition requiring users to confirm that the case in question is for a
confirmed ICA or MCA occlusion before processing results are made available.

Both devices include pre-processing steps to normalize NCCT scan orientation in order to identify and
segment ASPECTS regions on the subject NCCT scan.

In both cases, the devices identify signs indicative of ischemic damage and relate these to the segmented
ASPECTS regions in order to determine whether or not individual ASPECTS regions are included as
contributing to a reduced ASPECT score. In both cases, the segmented ASPECTS regions are labelled
and presented to users in the software User Interface with the regions highlighted depending on whether
they have been determined to affect the ASPECT score or not. In both cases, users can manually edit the
automated result for one or more ASPECTS regions.

The following principal difference exists between StrokeSENS ASPECTS and the predicate device:
•  StrokeSENS ASPECTS is indicated for cases within 12 hours from time last known well, the predicate
     is indicated for cases within 6 hours from time last known well.
•  StrokeSENS ASPECTS is not limited to Siemen’s Somatom Definition CT scanners

StrokeSENS ASPECTS has similar technological characteristics and indications for use as the predicate
device.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 4 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary


                                                                   Table 1. Indications comparison.
                    Subject Device                                                          Predicate Device
                  StrokeSENS ASPECTS                                                    Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS (K221564)

                    Manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.                          Manufactured by Brainomix Limited
Indications for       StrokeSENS ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device   Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software
Use/Intended use    used to assist the clinician in the assessment and characterization of brain       device used to assist the clinician in the assessment and characterization of
                       tissue abnormalities using CT image data.                                        brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

                  The Software automatically registers images and uses an Atlas to segment and  The software automatically registers images and uses an Atlas segment to
                     analyze ASPECTS Regions. StrokeSENS ASPECTS extracts image data from   analyze ASPECTS regions. Brainomix 360 e-aspects extracts image data from
                        individual voxels in the image to provide analysis and computer analytics and     individual voxels in the image to provide analysis and computer analytics and
                        relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The imaging          relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The imaging
                       features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single   features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single
               ASPECT (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.                    ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.

                  StrokeSENS ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for
                       diagnostic imaging workup with known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of    diagnostic imaging workup with known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of
                      extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions    extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions
                       affected which is reflected in the total score. StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides     affected which is reflected in the total score. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                       information that may be useful in the characterization of ischemic brain tissue     provides information that may be useful in the characterization of ischemic
                          injury during image interpretation (within 12 hours from time last known well).     brain tissue injury during image interpretation (within 6 hours from time last
                                                                                known well).
                  StrokeSENS ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS
                     standard of care radiologist assessment by providing highlighted ASPECTS      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS
                      regions and an automated editable ASPECTS score for clinician review.         standard of care radiologist assessment by providing highlighted ASPECTS
                  StrokeSENS ASPECTS presents the original and annotated images for          regions and an automated editable ASPECTS score for clinician review.
                      concurrent reads. StrokeSENS ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization    Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of the voxels
                        of the voxels contributing to the automated ASPECTS score.                      contributing to the automated ASPECTS score and the voxels excluded from
                                                                                                    the automated ASPECTS score.
                        Limitations:
                             1.  StrokeSENS ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of      Limitations:
                     CT images. It is used to assist physician evaluation.                           1.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation
                             2.  StrokeSENS ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known                 of CT images. It is used to assist physician evaluation.
                   MCA or ICA occlusion prior to ASPECTS scoring.                              2.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has ben validated in patients with known
                             3.  Use of StrokeSENS ASPECTS in clinical settings other than brain          MCA or ICA occlusion prior to ASPECTS scoring.
                             ischemia within 12 hours from time last known well, caused by known         3.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not suitable for use on brain scans
                          ICA or MCA occlusions, has not been tested.                                     displaying neurological pathologies other than acute stroke, such as
                             4.  StrokeSENS ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be          tumours or abscesses, haemorrhagic transformation and hematoma.
                          used in patient populations aged over 21.                                      4.  Use of Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS Module in clinical settings other
                                                                                                       than brain ischemia within 6 hours from time last known well, caused
                                                                                               by known ICA or MCA occlusions has not been tested.


                             Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 5 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary


Subject Device                                                          Predicate Device
StrokeSENS ASPECTS                                                    Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS (K221564)

Manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.                          Manufactured by Brainomix Limited
Contraindications:                                                                        5.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended
•   StrokeSENS ASPECTS is contraindicated for use on brain scans                       to be used in patient populations aged over 21.
    displaying neurological pathologies other than acute ischemic stroke, such        6.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be
    as tumours or abscesses, haemorrhagic transformation and hematoma.            used on Siemens Somatom Definition scanners.
                                                                                           7.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use.
Cautions:                                                                  Images viewed on a mobile platform are compressed preview images
•   Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the          and not for diagnostic interpretation.
    scan technically inadequate.
                                                                                Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
                                                                                   •   Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make
                                                                                       the scan technically inadequate.
                                                                                   •   Haemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.


         Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 6 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary


                                                  Table 2. Regulatory and technological features comparison.
Feature                       Subject Device                                                     Predicate Device
                            StrokeSENS ASPECTS                                              Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS (K221564)

                                                                                                Manufactured by Brainomix Limited
                               Manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.
Device Class                                   II                                                                                                                      II
Product Code(s)            POK                                             POK
Regulation Name                  Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions             Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions
                                  suspicious of cancer.                                                    suspicious of cancer.
Regulation Number             21 CFR 892.2060                                              21 CFR 892.2060
DICOM Compliant?            Yes                                                       Yes
Input Data Type                  Non-contrast head CT scans                                           Non-contrast head CT scans
Clinical Application/Anatomic al    Stroke/Head                                                       Stroke/Head
Region
Standard of Care            ASPECT Scoring                                       ASPECT Scoring
Representation
Alteration of original image data   No                                                  No
base
Alters Standard of Care             In parallel to                                                                   In parallel to
Workflow
Technical Implementation        ML/AI (Deep Learning)                                             ML/AI (Random Forest)
Design: Computer Platform       Standard off-the-shelf server or virtual server                           Standard off-the-shelf server or virtual server
Image Overlay              ASPECTS regions, highlighted by algorithms.                    ASPECTS regions, highlighted by algorithms.
                                Voxel-wise analysis visualized as a heat map.                           Voxel-wise analysis visualized as a heat map.
Gating Conditions               Users must confirm ICA or MCA occlusion prior to accessing ASPECTS   Users must confirm ICA or MCA occlusion prior to accessing ASPECTS
                                     results                                                                        results


                            Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 7 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary

    VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

Performance validation testing and software verification and validation activities were conducted to comply
with specified design requirements in accordance with applicable consensus standards and to satisfy the
special controls of the device classification.

Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in accordance
with ISO  13485:2016+A11:2021,  IEC  62304:2006+A1:2015,  IEC  62366:2015+A1:2020  and ISO
14971:2019+A11:2021. DICOM conformance testing was performed to verify compliance with NEMA 3.1-
3.20 (2021) standards. Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and
performance of the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance documents “Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” and “Content of Premarket
Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices”. Software performance, verification and
validation  testing  demonstrated  that  the StrokeSENS system met  all  design  requirements and
specifications. StrokeSENS has been developed and tested to meet cybersecurity requirements using
design vulnerability Assessments (Threat Models), SBOM’s, NVD assessments, and Penetration Testing

This performance  validation  testing demonstrated  that StrokeSENS ASPECTS  provides  accurate
representation  of key processing parameters under a range  of  clinically relevant parameters and
perturbations associated with the intended use of the software.  Software performance, validation and
verification testing demonstrated that the StrokeSENS ASPECTS meets  all design requirements and
specifications. Design Verification and Validation according to 21 CFR 820.30 passed.

The results of software verification and validation and algorithmic testing demonstrate that StrokeSENS
ASPECTS has met all design requirements and specifications associated with the intended use of the
software. No deviations were found during the execution of the testing.

Standalone Performance: Stand-alone performance testing demonstrated that the proposed device
provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range of  clinically relevant
parameters and perturbations associated with the intended use  of the software. The stand-alone
performance testing demonstrates the generalized performance for a range of typical patient demographics
and a typical range of cases with confounding factors and including radiologically normal cases which is
the same as for the predicate device.

The standalone validation dataset is comprised of 200 non-contrast CT scans from acute ischemic stroke
patients with a confirmed ICA/MCA occlusion. Patients aged 21 years and younger were excluded. The
median age was 71 years, and 55.5% were female. Patients were from multiple clinical sites including 77
from Canada, 59 from the United States, 51 from Europe, and 13 from Asia-Australia. Ground truth
ASPECTS score was <7 in 69 patients and >6 in 131 patients. All patients presented within 6 hours of time
last seen well. 164 patients had a proximal vessel occlusion (internal carotid artery or M1 segment of the
middle cerebral artery) and 36 were non-proximal.

The primary standalone performance assessment was a  region-level Clustered ROC Analysis  to
demonstrate the standalone performance of the ASPECTS device with respect to the expert consensus
reference standard. The analysis demonstrated an AUC-ROC of 90.9% (95% CI = [88.7%, 93.1%]), with a
accuracy of 90.6 [89.7%, 91.5%], a sensitivity of 70.6% [69.2%, 72.1%] and a specificity of 93.9% [93.2%,
94.7%].


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 8 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary


This stand-alone performance testing demonstrates that StrokeSENS ASPECTS performance generalises
to a range of image acquisition and reconstruction parameters encountered in multiple clinical sites and for
a range of scanner types and manufacturers.


Clinical Validation Reader Improvement: The MRMC study dataset was comprised of 100 non-contrast
CT scans from acute ischemic stroke patients with a confirmed ICA/MCA occlusion. Patients aged 21 years
and younger were excluded. The median age was 72 years, and 53% were female. 50% of the patients
were from 11 sites in Canada, and the other 50% were from 12 sites in the United States. Ground truth
ASPECTS score was <7 in 27 patients and >6 in 73 patients. 88 patients presented within 6 hours of time
last seen well, and the remaining 12 patients presented between 6 and 12 hours of time last seen well. 64
patients had a proximal vessel occlusion (internal carotid artery or M1 segment of the middle cerebral
artery), and 36 had non-proximal MCA occlusions.

Comparison of the area under the curve (AUC) for each reader with and without the support of the
StrokeSENS ASPECTS tool showed a statistically significant improvement of 5.7% from 68.6% to 74.3%
(p-value<0.001) which was the primary endpoint for the study. When comparing reader performance with
the ground truth, the improved AUC in the primary endpoint was driven by an increase in the sensitivity and
specificity, derived from the mixed-effects logistic regression model, demonstrating (1) a statistically
significant improvement in sensitivity of 9.7% (p-value<0.001) from 41.3% (unaided) to 51.0% (aided), and
a statistically significant improvement in specificity of 1.6% (p-value<0.001) from 95.9% (unaided) to 97.5%
(aided) when assisted by StrokeSENS ASPECTS compared to unassisted reading. Overall percentage
agreement (accuracy) also improved in line with the AUC result by 2.6% (p-value<0.001) from 89.5%
(unaided) to 92.0% (aided). Subgroup analysis based on the clinical training of the reader (radiologist
versus neurologist) demonstrates a consistent improvement of StrokeSENS ASPECTS across reader
groups.

The overall ASPECTS score was more consistent between readers with use of StrokeSENS ASPECTS
with the Fleiss’s Kappa value among the 8 readers in the study increased by 28.5%, from 32.3% (unaided)
to 60.8% (aided). The range in AUC between users was also narrower with StrokeSENS ASPECTS than
unassisted  indicating a reduction  in the variation  of performance between  different readers when
StrokeSENS ASPECTS outputs are available.

The results showed statistically significant improvements in the agreement between the readers and a
reference standard when using the StrokeSENS ASPECTS software compared to the conventional manual
method used in routine clinical practice.


Clinical Validation Voxels contributing to ASPECTS (VCTA): The results of this VCTA verification study
demonstrated a high Concordance Rate of 97.0% (i.e., the proportion of cases with a consensus score of
Fair Concordance or above), with respect to the agreement between the device’s auto-generated VCTA
overlay and expert neuroradiologist assessment of ischemic tissue.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 9 of 10

StrokeSENS ASPECTS 510(k) Summary

     VIII.  CONCLUSION

StrokeSENS ASPECTS (subject device of this filing) is equivalent to the predicate (Brainomix 360 eASPECTS).  It is intended to aid in the assessment of a specific disease state using standard of care scoring
using machine learning/artificial intelligence algorithms. Both devices use ROI based assessments based
on an ASPECTS defined atlas. Performance data demonstrates that StrokeSENS ASPECTS performs as
intended within the same clinically relevant parameters for the intended use as the predicate device.

An MRMC clinical study was conducted to support substantial equivalence. The clinical data demonstrates
that StrokeSENS ASPECTS shows a significant improvement in the agreement between the readers and
a reference standard when using the StrokeSENS ASPECTS software compared to routine clinical practice.
StrokeSENS ASPECTS is intended to improve reader performance in estimating an overall ASPECTS
score. The risk/benefit profile of StrokeSENS ASPECTS remains favorable based on the positive impact
on readers’ overall aided performance in calculating an ASPECTS score (as measured in the reader study),
and the standardization of ASPECTS reading between clinicians (higher inter-reader agreement) in
identifying affected ASPECTS regions.

The company believes that StrokeSENS ASPECTS is substantially equivalent to the Brainomix 360 eASPECTS predicate.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                Page 10 of 10