June 10, 2025
Viz.ai, Inc.
Gregory Ramina
Regulatory Affairs Director
5000 Center Green Way
Cary, North Carolina 27513


Re: K250354
    Trade/Device Name: Viz Subdural+, Viz SUBDURAL PLUS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 5, 2025
    Received: May 5, 2025

Dear Gregory Ramina:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250354 - Gregory Ramina                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250354 - Gregory Ramina                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                       [   Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

 CT images.
 should be reviewed along with the patient's original images by a physician qualified to interpret brain
 value of the collection, widest width of the subdural collection, and midline shift. The device output
 The Viz Subdural+ software  is intended for labeling subdural collections and reporting the grayscale
 + provides volumes from NCCT images acquired at a single time point.
 quantifying the volume of collections in the subdural space identified on NCCT images. Viz Subdural
 images. The software  is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling and
 quantification of collections in the subdural space from a set of Non-Contrast Head CT (NCCT)
 The Viz Subdural+ (Subdural Plus) device is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and
Indications for Use (Describe)

 I Viz Subdural+, Viz SUBDURAL PLUS
Device Name
 IK250354

Submission Number (if known)
                   Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement below.
                           Food and Drug Administration                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
             DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120

K250354


                                      510(k) Summary

                                        Viz Subdural+


Applicant Name:     Viz.ai, Inc.
                  5000 Center Green Way
                   Cary NC, 27513

Contact Person:     Gregory Ramina
                     Regulatory Affairs Director
                  5000 Center Green Way
                   Cary NC, 27513
                          Tel. (415) 663-6130
                     Greg@viz.ai

Date Prepared:     May 1, 2025

Device Name and Classification

        Name of Device:  Viz Subdural+, Viz SUBDURAL PLUS

  Common or Usual Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

        Classification Panel: Radiology

            Regulation No: 21 C.F.R. § 892.2050

         Regulatory Class: Class II

            Product Code: QIH

Predicate Device(s)

       Manufacturer             Device Name             Application No.

            Viz.ai, Inc.                    Viz HDS                K232363


Device Description

Viz Subdural+ is a software-only device that uses a locked artificial intelligence machine learning
(AI/ML) algorithm to process and analyze non-contrast CT (NCCT) scans of the head to
automatically measure the collections in the subdural region in the brain and midline shift.

The device output provides visual overlays of automatically measured subdural collections where the
overlay opacity (intensity) corresponds to the grayscale value of the collection within the native


                                        1

NCCT, and reports the total volume and widest width of the subdural collections. The device also
automates and reports the measure of midline shift.

The results of the automated measurement are provided in a summary series and segmentation
series in DICOM format. The summary series consists of a summary table of subdural collections,
snapshot of each collection and a midline shift measurement. The first slice of the Subdural+
summary series summarizes the measurement results of each subdural collection (volume and
widest width), total volume and midline shift in tabular format. The summary series also contains a
snapshot of each subdural collection and a snapshot of the midline shift measurement. The
segmentation series shows an RGB overlay where a subdural collection is identified by a colored
overlay with the color intensity corresponding to the HU values of the original image on each slice of
the input series of the segmented region. On slices with an overlay representing a measured
subdural collection, the volume of the subdural collection is provided. The midline shift is overlaid
and provided on the slice where the midline shift is measured.


  Figure 1. Examples of the summary table from the summary series output (left) and a slice from the segmentation
  series output (right). The summary series would include an additional summary image (snapshot) of each
  collection in the table and a summary image of the midline shift. The color overlay gradient in the slice from the
  segmentation series output corresponds to the Hounsfield Unit (HU) of each corresponding pixel in the NCCT.

Images are automatically forwarded from the Healthcare Facility and sent to Viz.ai’s Backend Server
after acquisition at the CT scanner. Viz Subdural+ is hosted on Viz.ai’s Backend Server and
automatically analyzes applicable NCCT scans that are acquired on CT scanners and are forwarded
to Viz.ai’s Backend Server. The results of the analysis are exported in DICOM format and are sent to
a DICOM destination (e.g., PACS) where they are available for review by radiologists, neurologists,
neuro-surgeons, interventional neuroradiologists, or other appropriately trained professionals to


                                        2

assist in the measurement of subdural collection volume, widest subdural collection width and
midline shift.


              Figure 2. Data flow diagram for Viz Subdural+.

Intended Use and Indications for Use

The Viz Subdural+ (Subdural Plus) device is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and
quantification of collections in the subdural space from a set of Non-Contrast Head CT (NCCT)
images. The software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling and
quantifying the volume of collections in the subdural space identified on NCCT images. Viz
Subdural+ provides volumes from NCCT images acquired at a single time point.

The Viz Subdural+ software is intended for labeling subdural collections and reporting the grayscale
value of the collection, widest width of the subdural collection, and midline shift. The device output
should be reviewed along with the patient’s original images by a physician qualified to interpret brain
CT images.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject device, Viz Subdural+, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Viz HDS
(K232363). In comparing the technological characteristics, both the subject and predicate devices
use an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify, label and quantify measured quantities in NCCT
imaging of the head from images acquired at a single time point. Both the subject and predicate
devices use software algorithms that incorporate artificial-intelligence to perform as intended. Both
devices’ algorithms automatically receive, assess the applicability of received input imaging, and
automatically process and measure supported imaging. Both devices' algorithms use similar
pipelines with similar steps to measure their indicated structures and both devices’ algorithms use
deep-learning convolutional neural networks with similar architectures. Both devices provide their
outputs in DICOM format and return the results to a pre-configured destination (e.g., a PACS server)
for the user to view the device outputs.


                                        3

While both devices provide an automated measurement of midline shift, the subject device’s
algorithm is different from the predicate device’s algorithm and is designed and indicated for
automatically labeling and quantifying subdural collections (subdural collection volume and widest
width) whereas the predicate device’s algorithm is indicated and designed for automatically labeling
and measuring the volume of intracranial hyperdensities and lateral ventricles. Performance testing
demonstrated that Viz Subdural+ has acceptable subdural collection volume and collection width
measurement performance. Additionally, the Viz Subdural+ algorithm can measure midline shift
within the same performance limits ( MAE < 2mm ) as the predicate device. Thus, any differences in
the subject device’s algorithm or the different structures measured by the Viz Subdural+ algorithm do
not raise any new or different questions of safety and efficacy.

Both devices provide summary and segmentation series outputs. Both device outputs include
overlays of the segmentation on the measured NCCT which forms the basis of the reported volume
measurements. The subject device’s overlay output differs from the predicate in that the subject
device’s overlay color intensity at each pixel corresponds to the HU values of the segmented pixels
representing subdural collection in the original NCCT whereas the overlays of the predicate device
are a single color used solely to differentiate between hyperdensities. This difference does not raise
any new or different questions of safety and efficacy regarding the segmentation overlay as the
information provided by the color intensity represents standardized HU information which the user
can retrieve by looking at the original NCCT.

                                Substantial Equivance Table

                           Predicate Device                    Subject Device

                                   Viz HDS                            Viz Subdural+

 Application No.               K232363                        K250354

 Product Code                  QIH                           QIH

 Regulation No.           21 C.F.R. § 892.2050               21 C.F.R. § 892.2050


                                        4

The Viz HDS device is intended for     The Viz Subdural+ (Subdural Plus)
                  automatic labeling, visualization, and    device is intended for automatic
                    quantification of segmentable brain       labeling, visualization and
                    structures from a set of Non-Contrast     quantification of collections in the
             CT (NCCT) head scans. The software   subdural space from a set of
                        is intended to automate the current      Non-Contrast Head CT (NCCT)
                manual process of identifying, labeling,  images. The software is intended to
               and quantifying the volume of          automate the current manual process
                segmentable brain structures identified   of identifying, labeling and quantifying
               on NCCT images. Viz HDS provides     the volume of collections in the
                volumes from NCCT scans acquired at  subdural space identified on NCCT
Intended Use /               a single time point. The Viz HDS        images. Viz Subdural+ provides
Indications for                  software is indicated for use in the      volumes from NCCT images acquired
Use                   analysis of the following structures:       at a single time point.
                     Intracranial Hyperdensities, Lateral     The Viz Subdural+ software is
                    Ventricles and Midline Shift. The device  intended for labeling subdural
                  output should be reviewed along with    collections and reporting the
                     patient’s original images by a physician.  grayscale value of the collection,
                                                         widest width of the subdural
                                                                   collection, and midline shift. The
                                                        device output should be reviewed
                                                       along with the patient’s original
                                                  images by a physician qualified to
                                                                  interpret brain CT images.

Anatomical
                           Head                          Head
Region

Independent
Standard of Care                Yes                              Yes
Workflow

                    Non-contrast CT from a single time     Non-contrast CT from a single time
Input images
                                      point                                     point

Measured
                        Intracranial hyperdensities, lateral
Structures /                                            Subdural collections and midline shift
                           ventricles and midline shift
Conditions

                       Intracranial hyperdensities volume;        Subdural collections volume;
Measurands                lateral ventricles volume;          Subdural collections widest width;
                                 midline shift                            midline shift

                    Acquires medical image data from      Acquires medical image data from
Data Acquisition  DICOM compliant imaging devices and   DICOM compliant imaging devices
                                   modalities.                      and modalities.


                                       5

Supported
                          Non-contrast CT (NCCT)               Non-contrast CT (NCCT)
 Imaging Modality

 Alteration of
                           No                          No
 Original Image

 Artificial
 Intelligence                     Yes                              Yes
 Algorithm

                          Multiple electronic reports with           Multiple electronic reports with
                   measurements quantifying brain     measurements quantifying subdural
 Output                           structures and midline shift;             collections and midline shift;
                        annotated DICOM Images.            annotated DICOM Images.


Performance Data

A retrospective study was conducted to assess the standalone performance of the image analysis
algorithm for Viz Subdural+ as compared to a ground truth established by trained neuroradiologists
in segmenting, labeling and quantifying subdural collections, maximal subdural collection width
(thickness) and midline shift. Subdural collection measurement performance (volume and thickness)
and midline shift were assessed on datasets with 203 and 151 cases, respectively. Each dataset
was obtained from two clinical sites. Imaging within each dataset were from patients that received an
NCCT imaging assessment after presenting to one of the participating sites.

                             Mean Absolute Error (MAE)           DICE Score

                        Mean (95%                            Mean (95%
                           Confidence     Standard   Median (10th -    Confidence
          Metric                  Interval)      Deviation  90th Percentile)      Interval)

 Subdural Collection Volume                                      73% (68% -
                             7.53 (5.60, 9.45)     13.91    2.70 (0.0 - 22.22)
         (N=203)                                                     77%)

     Subdural Collection
    Maximum (Widest)
                             1.77 (1.24, 2.30)      3.84      0.43 (0.0 - 5.37)       N/A         Thickness
         (N=203)

        Midline Shift
                               1.1 (0.94,1.27)       1.03      0.8 (0.17 - 2.37)       N/A
         (N=151)

The results of the retrospective study demonstrated the device passed the primary endpoints for the
study in terms of mean absolute error (MAE).


                                        6

Additional stratification of the device performance as measured by MAE was provided by different
patient demographic, technical and radiographic findings to demonstrate generalizability of the
device within the intended population. Device results for subdural collection volume, widest width
and midline shift were also compared to the truther consensus by Bland-Altman plots and linear
regression analysis.

Conclusions

Viz Subdural+ is as safe and effective as the predicate device. The subject device and the predicate
have the same intended use and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation. Differences in the types of structures labeled and quantified by each device, and the
information provided in the device’s respective outputs do not raise any new or different questions of
safety and efficacy. Viz.ai has provided supportive clinical data and software testing which
demonstrates that the subject device can perform effective labeling, visualization and quantification
of subdural collection volume, widest subdural collection width and midline shift. Thus, Viz Subdural+
is substantially equivalent to the predicate.


                                        7