September 19, 2025


BunkerHill Health
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K250649
    Trade/Device Name:  Bunkerhill ECG-EF
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2380
    Regulation Name: Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QYE
    Dated: March 3, 2025
    Received: March 4, 2025

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250649 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250649 - John Smith                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                                                                        Digitally signed by Jackson Hair -
                                                                                             S                             Jackson Hair -S                                                                                                         Date: 2025.09.19 13:41:37 -04'00'
                                              for
                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250649

Device Name
Bunkerhill ECG-EF


Indications for Use (Describe)
Bunkerhill ECG-EF is software intended to aid in screening for Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or
equal to 40% in adults at risk for, but not already diagnosed with low LVEF.

Bunkerhill ECG-EF is not intended to be a stand-alone diagnostic device for cardiac conditions, should not be used for
monitoring of patients, and should not be used on ECGs with a paced rhythm. A positive result may suggest the need for
further clinical evaluation in order to establish a diagnosis of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal
to 40%.

Additionally, if the patient is at high risk for the cardiac condition, a negative result should not rule out further noninvasive evaluation.

Bunkerhill ECG-EF is adjunctive and must be interpreted in conjunction with the clinician’s judgment, the patient’s
medical history, symptoms, and additional diagnostic tests. For a final clinical diagnosis, further confirmatory testing,
such as echocardiography, is required.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           1 of 9


                                   510(K) SUMMARY
                                      Bunkerhilll ECG-EF

Bunkerhill, Inc. 436 Bryant Street
San Francisco CA 94107


Phone: (516) 305-3596
Contact Person: Eren Alkan
Date Prepared: September 19, 2025
Proposed Device
    Proprietary Name       Bunkerhill ECG-EF
    Cardiovascular Machine   Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification
    Learning-Based          Software
    Notification Software
    Regulation Number     21 CFR 870.2380
   Product Code       QYE
    Regulatory Class           II

Predicate Device
    Proprietary Name     Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm
   Premarket            K232699
    Notification
    Classification Name      Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based
                                Notification Software
    Regulation Number     21 CFR 870.2380
   Product Code        QYE
    Regulatory Class           II

Reference Device
    Proprietary Name      Eko Low Ejection Fraction Tool (ELEFT)
   Premarket            K233409
    Notification
    Classification Name      Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based
                                Notification Software
    Regulation Number     21 CFR 870.2380
   Product Code        QYE
    Regulatory Class           II

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           2 of 9


Device Description
ECG-EF is a software-only medical device that employs deep learning algorithms to analyze 12-lead
ECG data for the detection of low left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF < 40%). The algorithm
processes 10-second ECG waveform snippets, providing predictions to assist healthcare professionals
in the early identification of patients at risk for heart failure.

ECG-EF algorithm receives digital 12-lead ECG data and processes it through its machine learning
model. The output of the analysis is transmitted to integrated third-party software systems, such as
Electronic Medical Records (EMR) or ECG Management Systems (EMS). The results are displayed by
the third-party software on a device such as a smartphone, tablet, or PC.

ECG-EF algorithm produces a result indicating "Low EF Screen Positive - High probability of low
ejection fraction based on the ECG", " Low EF Screen Negative - Low probability of low ejection
fraction based on the ECG" or "Error – device input criteria not met " for cases that do not meet data
input requirements. These results are not intended to be definitive diagnostic outputs but rather serve as
adjunctive information to support clinical decision-making. A disclaimer accompanies the output,
stating: “Not for diagnostic use. The results are not final and must be reviewed alongside clinical
judgment and other diagnostic methods.”

The Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm device is intended to address the unmet need for a
point-of-care screen for LVEF less than or equal to 40% and is expected to be used by cardiologists,
front-line clinicians at primary care, urgent care, and emergency care settings, where cardiac imaging
may not be available or may be difficult or unreliable for clinicians to operate. Clinicians will use the
Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm to aid in screening for LVEF less than or equal to 40% and
making a decision for further cardiac evaluation.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
Bunkerhill ECG-EF is software intended to aid in screening for Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction
(LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in adults at risk for, but not already diagnosed with low LVEF.

Bunkerhill ECG-EF is not intended to be a stand-alone diagnostic device for cardiac conditions, should
not be used for monitoring of patients, and should not be used on ECGs with a paced rhythm. A positive
result may suggest the need for further clinical evaluation in order to establish a diagnosis of Left
Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%.

Additionally, if the patient is at high risk for the cardiac condition, a negative result should not rule out
further non-invasive evaluation.

Bunkerhill ECG-EF is adjunctive and must be interpreted in conjunction with the clinician’s judgment,
the patient’s medical history, symptoms, and additional diagnostic tests. For a final clinical diagnosis,
further confirmatory testing, such as echocardiography, is required.

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           3 of 9


      Table 1: Indications for Use Comparison

            Proposed Device: Bunkerhill      Predicate Device: Low Ejection    Reference Device: Eko
             ECG-EF Algorithm           Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm    Low Ejection Fraction
                                                    (K232699)                 Tool (K233409)
Intended      Bunkerhill ECG-EF is software         The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction  Eko Low Ejection Fraction
use /          intended to aid in screening for Left      AI- ECG Algorithm is software       Tool (ELEFT) is a software
Indications    Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF)     intended to aid in screening for Left    intended to aid clinicians in
                 less than or equal to 40% in adults at      Ventricular Ejection Fraction           identifying individuals withfor use
                 risk for, but not already diagnosed with   (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in    Left Ventricular Ejection
            low LVEF.                                adults at risk for heart failure. This     Fraction (LVEF) less than or
                                                       population includes, but is not         equal to 40%. ELEFT takes as
               Bunkerhill ECG-EF is not intended to     limited to:                             input ECG and heart sounds
             be a stand-alone diagnostic device for     • patients with cardiomyopathies      and is intended for use on
               cardiac conditions, should not be used     • patients who are post-                 patients at risk for heart
                for monitoring of patients, and should      myocardial infarction                   failure. This population
               not be used on ECGs with a paced         • patients with aortic stenosis           includes, but is not limited to,
              rhythm. A positive result may suggest                                               patients with: coronary artery                                                             • patients with chronic atrial               the need for further clinical evaluation                                              disease; diabetes mellitus;                                                                    fibrillation
                in order to establish a diagnosis of Left                                       cardiomyopathy;                                                             • patients receiving               Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF)                                                                                              hypertension; and obesity.                                                       pharmaceutical therapies                 less than or equal to 40%.                                                                that are cardiotoxic, and
                                                                             The interpretations of heart                                                             • postpartum women.               Additionally, if the patient is at high                                                                                      sounds and ECG offered by
                 risk for the cardiac condition, a                                                                                                  the software are meant only               negative result should not rule out      Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-                                                                                                        to assist healthcare providers                further non-invasive evaluation.       ECG Algorithm is not intended to be                                                                                                        in assessing Left Ventricular                                                     a stand- alone diagnostic device for
                                                                                                Ejection Fraction ≤ 40% ,               Bunkerhill ECG-EF is adjunctive and     cardiac                                                                      who may use the result in             must be interpreted in conjunction with    conditions, should not be used for
                                                                                             conjunction with their own               the clinician’s judgment, the patient’s     monitoring of patients, and should
                                                                                                evaluation and clinical              medical history, symptoms, and          not be used on ECGs with a paced
                                                                                         judgment. It is not a                additional diagnostic tests. For a final     rhythm.
                                                                                               diagnosis or for monitoring                 clinical diagnosis, further confirmatory
                 testing, such as echocardiography, is    A positive result may suggest the        of patients diagnosed with
                required.                             need for further clinical evaluation in    heart failure. This software is
                                                                                                       for use on adults (18 years                                                       order to establish a diagnosis of Left
                                                                                   and older).                                                         Ventricular Ejection Fraction
                                            (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%.
                                                         Additionally, if the patient is at high
                                                               risk for the cardiac condition, a
                                                       negative result should not rule out
                                                            further non-invasive evaluation.

                                            The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction
                                         AI-ECG Algorithm should be applied
                                                             jointly with clinician judgment.

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           4 of 9


  The intended use of the Bunkerhill ECG-EF is the same as that of the Anumana Low Ejection
  Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm, and reference device, Eko Low Ejection Fraction Tool (ELEFT) as the
  devices are software tools designed to aid in screening for Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF)
  ≤40% in adults at risk for heart failure.

        •   Both devices assist certified medical professionals with analyze 12-lead ECG data for the
          rapid detection of low left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF ≤ 40%).

        •   Both subject and predicate devices are not intended to be used stand-alone, can be used
          optionally by the physician and do not provide a definitive diagnosis. Both devices require the
          physician to use this information to decide next steps and/or additional diagnostic work up.

        •   Verification and validation testing, including performance assessment demonstrates
           that the Bunkerhill ECG-EF Device is as safe and effective as its predicate device.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

There are no major changes to technological characteristics in the subject device compared to the
predicate device. Both the predicate and the subject device A) use machine learning algorithms to analyze
12-lead ECG data for the rapid detection of low left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF ≤ 40%). Both the
algorithms process 10-second ECG waveform snippets, providing predictions to assist healthcare
professionals in the early identification of patients at risk for heart failure. However, they do not replace
clinical evaluation and do not alter the standard of care.

The subject device and the predicate device are Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) provided as a
software module packaged in a Docker container. The Algorithms do not provide a graphical user
interface (GUI) of their own. They are integrated with other medical systems such as Electronic Medical
Record (EMR) systems or ECG Management Systems (EMS). The third-party integrating software
furnishes a 12-lead ECG digital waveform as input to the Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm and
records the algorithm output for display via the integrated medical system or for printing in an offline
report.

There are no major differences between subject device and reference device as well. The reference device
can also analyze PCG signals when available. Any minor differences in the technology characteristics do
not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           5 of 9


Table 2: Technological Comparison

                         Proposed             Predicate Device:         Reference Device:        Summary
                            Device:         Low Ejection Fraction       Eko Low Ejection
                          Bunkerhill ECG-        AI-ECG Algorithm       Fraction Tool (K233409)
                    EF Algorithm             (K232699)
    Product code      QYE           QYE              QYE                 Same

    Regulation          21 CFR 870.2380     21 CFR 870.2380         21 CFR 870.2380        Same
    number

    Regulation           Cardiovascular        Cardiovascular             Cardiovascular machine    Same
   Name              machine learning-     machine learning-           learning- based notification
                        based notification     based notification           software
                          software              software
    Operational          Spot Check           Spot Check               Spot Check             Same
   Mode

     Patient              Adults                Adults                    Adults 18 and older       Same
    population

    Environment         Primary care, urgent   Primary care, urgent        Primary care, urgent care,   Same- Both devices
    of Use                 care, and emergency   care, and emergency       and emergency care         are to be used in
                          care settings           care settings                  settings                     professional
                                                                                                           healthcare settings
    Algorithm          Machine learning     Machine learning based    Machine learning based    Same
                        based algorithm       algorithm                  algorithm

    Algorithm            Detection of LVEF    Detection of LVEF (Left   The Eko Low Ejection     Same
    Calculation           (Left Ventricular       Ventricular Ejection        Fraction Tool (ELEFT) to
    and Output           Ejection Fraction      Fraction less than or equal   identify individuals with
                             less than or equal       to 40%) from               Left Ventricular Ejection
                            to 40%) from an ECG  an ECG signal              Fraction (LVEF) less than
                            signal                                             or equal to 40% by
                                                                          analyzing ECG and heart
                                                                     sounds from patients at risk
                                                                                  for heart failure.
   Ground Truth for     Transthoracic          Transthoracic              gold            standard   Same- Both devices
   Model Training      echocardiogram       echocardiogram (TTE)     echocardiogram             rely upon
                      (TTE) with disease    with disease                                              established clinical
                                                                                                           diagnostic methods
                                                                                                          as ground truth
    Physiological        12-Lead ECG        12-Lead ECG         ECG recording signals     Same- Both devices
    Parameter Inputs     waveform in digital   waveform in digital        from single lead PCG        utilize ECG digital
                         format               format                     recording signals (when    waveforms as
                                                                                  available)                   input
    Data Displayed       Algorithm output is    Algorithm output is         Application Programming  Same- Both devices
                         provided to third      provided to third party       Interface (API) only, no     provide data
                           party software that     software that displays       user interface               suggesting the
                           displays the result to   the result to clinicians.                                   likelihood of the same
                              clinicians. Output     Output provided for                                     cardiovascular disease
                         provided for each     each ECG is “Low                                      or condition for
                 ECG is “Low LVEF  LVEF Detected”                                           further referral or
                         Detected” “Low     “Low LVEF Not Detected”                              diagnostic follow-up.

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           6 of 9


                       Proposed             Predicate Device:         Reference Device:        Summary
                          Device:         Low Ejection Fraction       Eko Low Ejection
                       Bunkerhill ECG-        AI-ECG Algorithm       Fraction Tool (K233409)
                  EF Algorithm             (K232699)
                LVEF Not             or
                      Detected”              “Error”).
                        or “Error - device
                        input criteria not
                       met”).
 Hardware           Compatible 12-       Compatible 12-Lead     ECG recording signals     Same
                    Lead diagnostic        diagnostic ECG           from single lead PCG
               ECG machines       machines with              recording signals (when
                      with 500Hz digital    500Hz digital output         available)
                       output
  Software             Bunkerhill            Bunkerhill proprietary       proprietary algorithm and   Same
                        proprietary algorithm  algorithm and               application
                    and application        application
 Type of              Adjunctive           Adjunctive             Same                  Type of Interpretation
  Interpretation         information           information

  Intended User        Appropriately         Appropriately           Same                      Intended User
                         trained medical        trained medical
                          specialists such         specialists such as
                        as cardiologists,        cardiologists,
                          front- line              front- line
                          clinicians at            clinicians at
                      primary care,         primary care,
                       urgent care, and       urgent care, and
                    emergency           emergency
                        care settings           care settings
 Rx or OTC        Rx               Rx                   Same                Rx or OTC


Performance Data
Safety and performance of the Bunkerhill ECG-EF algorithm has been evaluated and verified in
accordance with software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software
Development and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications,
User Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions” and a thorough cybersecurity assessment was performed per
FDA Guidance “Cybersecurity in medical devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions”.

The performance of the ECG-EF algorithm was validated through a retrospective study involving 15,994
patient records sourced from two health systems across the United States. The study aimed to assess the
diagnostic accuracy of the algorithm in identifying patients with an ejection fraction (EF) < 40% within a
clinically and demographically diverse population. The study sample was representative of the U.S
population and was 65.5 % White, 18.8% Hispanic, 5.7% American Indian or Alaska Native, 3.9%
Asian, 3.0% Black/African American, and 2.8% Other. The sample consisted of 53% Male and 47%
Female. The pivotal dataset was be curated from 5 sites geographically distributed throughout the United

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           7 of 9


States. The ground truth was established from an echocardiogram using the Simpson’s Biplane
measurement method taken less than 15-days apart from the ECG scan.

Within this diverse dataset, a total of 1725 LVEF ≤ 40% cases were identified based on the
echocardiogram from 15,994 samples (prevalence of 10.8%). The Bunkerhill ECG-EF device achieved a
sensitivity of 82.66% (80.90–84.30), a specificity of 83.20% (82.60–83.80), a PPV of 37.20% (35.70–
38.76), and NPV of 97.54% (97.28–97.83). The confidence intervals are available in the table below. The
confusion matrix summarizing the results are available in Figure 1: Bunkerhill ECG EF Confusion
Matrix below.

 Performance      Acceptance      Value    Bootstrap   Clopper-      Wilson      Pass/
 Metric             Criteria                              Pearson                     Fail
 Sensitivity        Se ≥ 80%        82.66%   (80.90–      (80.80 -        (80.81 -     Pass
                                                 84.30)        84.43)          84..38)
 Specificity       Sp ≥ 80%        83.20%   (82.60–      (82.56 -        (82.56 -     Pass
                                                 83.80)        83.80)         83.79)
 PPV          PPV ≥ 25%                 (35.70–      (35.75 -        (35.76 -     Pass                                 37.20%                                                 38.76)        38.84)         38.38)
 NPV         NPV ≥ 95%                 (97.28–      (97.25 -        (97.25 -     Pass                                 97.54%                                                 97.83)        97.81)         97.80)


Figure 1: Bunkerhill ECG-EF Confusion Matrix

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           8 of 9


The primary endpoint was Detection of Low Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction and the acceptance
criteria were Se/Sp ≥ 80, PPV ≥ 25%, NPV ≥ 95%. All the primary acceptance criteria were successfully
met. The secondary acceptance criteria for Detection of Low Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction using
AUROC plot was also met.

Subgroup assessments of diagnostic performance were conducted to determine if there was heterogenicity
in device performance across clinical sites, demographics, clinical characteristics, co-morbidities, ECG
manufacturer and ECG devices. The findings are summarized in Table 3: Subgroup Analysis:

Table 3: Sub-group Analysis

 Subgroup Analysis                               Result of Test for Heterogeneity
 Clinical Site                Not statistically significant
 Sex                       Not statistically significant
 Race/Ethnicity             Not statistically significant
 Age Group                   Diagnostic performance varied across age group strata (p < 0.01). The
                                 diagnostic odds ratio was higher than the overall estimate in patients aged
                             18-49 and 70-79 while it’s lower in patients age group of 60-69 and 80+.
                                 In younger patients, sensitivity was higher while specificity was lower,
                             whereas  in  patients of advanced age,  sensitivity was lower while
                                    specificity was higher.

 Clinical Characteristics       Diagnostic performance varied across certain elements of medical history
                               derived from ICD9/ICD10 codes  in  patient medical  records. The
                                 diagnostic odds ratio was higher in patients with Myocardial Infarction
                               (p<0.01) and lower for Coronary Revascularization (p < 0.01) and Atrial
                                    Fibrillation/Flutter (p < 0.01). In each of these cases, there was a higher
                               presence of low ejection fraction, the algorithm had higher sensitivity and
                              lower specificity, and as a result there were robust PPV and NPV results.
 Device / Manufacturer       Not statistically significant
 Conduction Disorder        Not statistically significant

Note:
This device only should be used with 12-lead ECGs acquired using Ag-AgCl electrodes in the
standard lead configuration on the following validated ECG acquisition systems: Philips
PageWriter TC70, GE Dash 3000, GE MAC 5500 HD, GE MAC VU360.

Warning (Safety):
Use of non-validated ECG devices, alternative electrode types, or non-standard acquisition
conditions may result in inaccurate results.

Conclusions
The Bunkerhill ECG-EF algorithm is as safe and effective as the predicate Low Ejection Fraction AIECG Algorithm (K232699). The subject device has the same intended uses and similar indications,

K250649 - BunkerHill ECG-EF - Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm                                           9 of 9


technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in
indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do not affect its safety and
effectiveness when used as labeled. In summary, any minor differences between the Low Ejection
Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm and the Bunkerhill ECG-EF Device do not raise any issues of safety or
effectiveness.