June 24, 2025

Hypervision Surgical
Jaco Jacobs
Chief Operating Officer
London Institute for Healthcare Engineering
100 Lambeth Palace Road
London, SE1 7AR
United Kingdom

Re: K250268
    Trade/Device Name: HyperSnap Surgical System (HSS)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1500
    Regulation Name: Endoscope And Accessories
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SFE, FET, MUD
    Dated: January 24, 2025
    Received: January 30, 2025

Dear Jaco Jacobs:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250268 - Jaco Jacobs                                                                Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K250268 - Jaco Jacobs                                                                Page  3


                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                          Digitally signed by YAN
                                                             FU -S               YAN FU -S Date: 2025.06.24
                                                                               17:58:03 -04'00'
                                              for Tanisha Hithe
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT4A: Division of General Surgery Devices
                                  OHT4: Office of Surgical and
                                                   Infection Control Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250268

Device Name
HyperSnap Surgical System (HSS)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The HyperSnap Surgical System is a real-time video camera system utilising computational hyperspectral imaging
in the visible spectrum. The system is intended to be used intraoperatively to relay a standard RGB video feed
used for visualisation alongside corresponding tissue oxygenation information presented as a corresponding twodimensional real-time video feed.

The system is intended for use as an adjunctive monitor of the haemoglobin oxygen saturation of blood (StO2)
in the superficial tissue in the surgical field of view.

The HyperSnap Surgical System may help identify patients at risk of tissue ischaemia. The system is indicated for
use in all populations for open and minimally invasive general surgical applications utilising compatible surgical
telescopes (exoscopes and rigid endoscopes).

The prospective clinical value of measurements made with StO2 has not been demonstrated in disease states.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary


           K250268 - HYPERSNAP® SURGICAL SYSTEM


1. Submitter's Information

Manufacturer                                    Hypervision Surgical Ltd

                                          London Institute for Healthcare Engineering,
Address
                                          100 Lambeth Palace Road, London, SE1 7AR

Contact                                          regulatory@hypervisionsurgical.com

Company Contact Person                      Dr Jaco Jacobs

Date Prepared                                       24th June 2025


2. Subject Device

Device Trade Name                           HyperSnap Surgical System (HSS)

Device Common Name                         Video Imaging System

Classification Regulation Number              21 CFR 876.1500

Classification Regulation Name                 Endoscope and Accessories

Device Classification                                Class II

Device Product Code                              SFE, FET, MUD


3. Predicate and Reference Devices

Herein we will make use of the following devices. Our strategy for demonstrating substantial equivalence to our
predicate device will be via a comparison of performance of the subject device to that of the reference device.
The chosen predicate device used a similar approach to gain marketing authorisation.


Device Type            Device                 Marketing Authorisation Product Code

                                                                           GCJ, FET, NTN, PEA, MUD,
Predicate               FUJIFILM EX-0, VP-7000  K203717
                                               NWB
                   Moor VMS-OXY Tissue
Reference              Oxygenation and        K112826          MUD
                       Temperature Monitor


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 1 of 11

510(k) Summary


4. Device Description

4.1. Safer Technologies Program Designation

The HSS was granted a Safer Technologies Program (STeP) designation by the US Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) in 2024, a voluntary program for certain medical devices that are reasonably expected to significantly
improve the safety of currently available treatments.


4.2. General Description

Hyperspectral imaging (HSI) is an optical imaging modality that carries information about tissue properties,
facilitating objective tissue characterisation without the need for any exogenous contrast agent. HSI is noninvasive, non-contact, and does not make use of ionising radiation.

The HSS is an HSI system that seamlessly integrates into surgical workflows to provide critical, but currently
unavailable, tissue property information during surgery. The HSS provides for visualisation of real-time tissue
oxygenation  saturation  (StO2)  information  alongside  conventional  red-green-blue  (RGB)  visualisation.
Additionally, the mean StO2 value within a user-defined ROI is reported.

Imaging is displayed at video rate ensuring instant surgeon feedback and intra-operative tissue assessment to
facilitate surgical guidance and decision making.

The HSS is an artificial intelligence (AI) / machine learning (ML) enabled device. Training data for the deep learning
algorithm comprises high resolution medical imaging datasets which collectively offer representative spatial and
spectral variation across the intended target tissues and surfaces.


4.3. Core Components of the HyperSnap Surgical System

The core components of the HSS include, amongst others, a hyperspectral camera, the HyperSnap Camera, a
computational workstation, the Camera Control Unit (CCU), the Camera Electrical Isolator and Camera Electrical
Isolator Power Supply. The HyperSnap Camera is a lightweight surgical camera with a snapshot hyperspectral
imaging sensor. Our surgical imaging technology exploits highly optimised algorithms and software to leverage
snapshot HSI hardware for the extraction of advanced optical properties of observed tissues.

The camera can be securely mounted but is easily manoeuvrable, allowing for controlled mobilisation and
immobilisation of the imaging system by a single operator without the need for an assistant. The CCU runs the
HyperSnap Software which implements a deep learning approach for super-resolution and reconstruction of
acquired snapshot hyperspectral images.


4.4. Supported Accessories

Supported accessories include the Insufflator, Light Source and Light Guide. Peripheral input/output devices
include the Surgical Display, Foot Control and Surgical Keyboard.


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 2 of 11

510(k) Summary


The HSS is compatible with different Surgical Telescopes allowing for use in both open and laparoscopic surgical
procedures for general surgical specialities. Surgical Telescopes connect to the HyperSnap Camera via a Coupler.

Sterility in the surgical field is maintained by using a Surgical Drape; a sterile surgical gauze is used as a Calibration
Target prior to the surgical procedure.

Finally, a Surgical Trolley and mandatory Isolating Transformer are used to securely house the system
components and supported accessories.


4.5. Surgical Stack

The HyperSnap Surgical System comprises the core components and accessories. When fully configured with all
necessary accessories, it forms a surgical stack capable of supporting both laparoscopic and open surgical
procedures.


5. Statement of Intended Use

5.1. Indications for Use

The HyperSnap Surgical System is a real-time video camera system utilising computational hyperspectral imaging
in the visible spectrum. The system is intended to be used intraoperatively to relay a standard RGB video feed
used for visualisation alongside corresponding tissue oxygenation information presented as a corresponding twodimensional real-time video feed.

The system is intended for use as an adjunctive monitor of the haemoglobin oxygen saturation of blood (StO2)
in the superficial tissue in the surgical field of view.

The HyperSnap Surgical System may help identify patients at risk of tissue ischaemia. The system is indicated for
use in all populations for open and minimally invasive general surgical applications utilising compatible surgical
telescopes (exoscopes and rigid endoscopes).

The prospective clinical value of measurements made with StO2 has not been demonstrated in disease states.


5.2. Contraindications

The HSS has no known contraindications.


5.3. Intended Patient Population

The HSS is indicated for use in all populations indicated for general surgical applications (laparoscopic or open
surgery).


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 3 of 11

510(k) Summary


5.4. Intended Users

The HSS is intended to be used by surgeons. Operating theatre staff, i.e., medical assistants with
relevant specialist qualifications like a scrub nurse or circulating nurse, may optionally assist the surgeon.


5.5. Operating Environment

The HSS is intended to be used in a professional healthcare environment, i.e. operating room or operating

theatre.


6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics


6.1. Similarities

Both devices relay real-time imaging information to be used intraoperatively. Both devices are intended to be
used by trained physicians to visually assess vessels and other critical structures of interest. Both devices relay
additional tissue property information, namely the haemoglobin oxygen saturation of blood in superficial tissue
in an area under observation in patients at risk of ischaemic states.


6.2. Differences

The subject device uses hyperspectral imaging to non-invasively quantify tissue oxygenation metrics. The subject
device uses snapshot hyperspectral technology that enables the capture of hyperspectral information in realtime. However, while snapshot hyperspectral cameras enable real-time imaging, this is achieved by spatial
multiplexing of spectral information. The subject device employs highly optimised algorithms for real time
reconstruction and recovery of spatio-spectral information, reconstruction of RGB information, and estimation
of tissue properties such as tissue oxygen saturation, StO2. The predicate device provides additional optical
imaging modes: blue light imaging, linked colour imaging, white light imaging, in addition to oxygen saturation
imaging information. When in oxygen saturation imaging mode, StO2 images are quantified from the differences
in the absorption coefficient in the visible light region between oxy- and deoxy-haemoglobin using a small
number of wavelengths. The unit alternately emits select wavelengths of light synchronously, from which images
are acquired with an RGB colour charge coupled device mounted at the tip of the endoscope. An StO2 image is
subsequently created by performing a nonlinear transformation on the images acquired that correspond to the
illumination induced by the different wavelength LEDs. The StO2 images are displayed by assigning the StO2 level
to the RGB display colour of the monitor in 1% increments, with the StO2 level of 100% as red, 50% as yellowish
green, and 0% as dark blue. The subject device is a hyperspectral surgical camera whilst the predicate is an
endoscopic video imaging camera.


6.3. Substantial Equivalence Comparison

This table compares the subject and predicate devices.


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 4 of 11

510(k) Summary


Property               Subject Device                         Predicate Device

Premarket Notification  K250268                           K203717

Manufacturer           Hypervision Surgical Ltd                 FUJIFILM Corporation

Device Name          HyperSnap Surgical System              FUJIFILM EX-0, VP-7000

Generic Name          Video imaging system                   Endoscopic video imaging system

Codified Regulation     21 CFR 876.1500                     21 CFR 876.1500

Product Codes           SFE, FET, MUD                           GCJ, FET, NTN, PEA, MUD, NWB

Use Environment       Operating room (operating theatre)       Operating room (operating theatre)

Intended User         Surgeon                             Surgeon

                                                       The VP-7000 unit is used for endoscopic
                     The HyperSnap Surgical System is a real-   observation, diagnosis, treatment, and
                      time video camera system utilising       image recording. It is intended to process
                       computational hyperspectral imaging in   electronic signals transmitted from a
                       the visible spectrum. The system is        video endoscope (a video camera in an
                       intended to be used intraoperatively to   endoscope). This product may be used on
                          relay a standard RGB video feed used for   all patients requiring endoscopic
                           visualisation alongside corresponding     examination and when using a FUJIFILM
                          tissue oxygenation information presented medical endoscope and light source
                        as a corresponding two-dimensional real-  together with monitor, recorder, and
                      time video feed.                          various peripheral devices.

                     The system is intended for use as an     The Image Processing Unit EX-0 is an
                         adjunctive monitor of the haemoglobin    optional module intended for use as an
                      oxygen saturation of blood (StO2) in the   adjunctive monitor of the haemoglobin
Indications for Use
                            superficial tissue in the surgical field of    oxygen saturation of blood in superficial
                         view.                                       tissue of the endoscopic observation
                                                        image area in patients at risk for
                     The HyperSnap Surgical System may help  ischaemic states.
                           identify patients at risk of tissue
                        ischaemia. The system is indicated for use This product may be used on all patients
                            in all populations for open and minimally  requiring endoscopic examination when
                          invasive general surgical applications      using a FUJIFILM medical endoscope,
                              utilising compatible surgical telescopes    video processor and light source together
                       (exoscopes and rigid endoscopes).        with monitor, recorder, and various
                                                                   peripheral devices.
                     The prospective clinical value of
                     measurements made with StO2 has not   The prospective clinical value of
                    been demonstrated in disease states.     measurements made with OXEI has not
                                                      been demonstrated in disease states.


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 5 of 11

510(k) Summary


Property               Subject Device                         Predicate Device

                               All patients indicated for laparoscopic or   All patients requiring endoscopic
Patient Population
                    open surgery                           examination

                      Compatible exoscopes and rigid         Endoscope with flexibility adjuster
Surgical Telescopes
                      endoscopes

                                                                     Different modes are supported: blue light
Imaging Modes        White light imaging (RGB) and StO2       imaging, linked colour imaging, white light
                                                                 imaging, and oxygen saturation imaging

White Light Imaging     Yes                                   Yes

FICE Mode          No                                    Yes

BLI Mode           No                                    Yes

BLI Bright Mode      No                                    Yes

LCI Mode           No                                    Yes

                      Two-dimensional colour coded images of  Two-dimensional colour coded images of
StO2                StO2% of the endoscopic observation    StO2% of the endoscopic observation
                       imaging area                           imaging area

                      Mosaic CMOS hyperspectral imaging     RGB colour charge coupled device
Image Sensor
                       sensor on HyperSnap Camera          mounted at the tip of the endoscope

                    Camera Control Unit
                    100–240V AC
                                                                   EX-0, VP-7000                     50/60Hz
                                                      100–240V AC                    10–5APower Rating
                                                         50/60Hz
                                                              1.2–0.7A                    Camera Electrical Isolator Power Supply
                    100–240V AC
                     50/60Hz
                      0.4A/115V AC – 0.25A/230V AC

                                                      5 LED lights are controlled independently.
                                                              Blue LED creates short wavelength light,
Light Source           Compatible broad band white light
                                                               red/green/blue LEDs are combined as
                                                             white light

Calibration             Compatible sterile gauze               As per manufacturer’s instructions


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 6 of 11

510(k) Summary


Property               Subject Device                         Predicate Device

                                                   FDA guidance documents Content of
                        Cybersecurity in line with FDA consensus
Cybersecurity                                               Premarket Submissions for Management
                       standard TIR 57
                                                                    of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices

                                                                 IEC 62304 and FDA guidance documents
                       Software in line with FDA consensus      Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Software
                       standard IEC 62304                     Submissions for Software Contained in
                                                             Medical Devices

                       Evaluated as per Artificial IntelligenceArtificial Intelligence /   Enabled Device Software Functions:
                                                        Not an AI/ML-enabled device
Machine Learning        Lifecycle Management and Marketing
                       Submission Recommendations

                          Risk management per FDA consensus
Risk                                                            Information not publicly available
                       standard ISO 14971

                           Usability engineering per FDA consensus
Human Factors                                                 Information not publicly available
                       standard IEC 62366-1

                       Evaluated as per FDA consensus standard
Photobiological Safety                                           Information not publicly available
                        IEC 62471

                       Evaluated as per FDA consensus standards
                        IEC 60601-1-2 and AIM 7351731
Electromagnetic                                                Evaluated as per FDA consensus
Compatibility            Additional performance testing to        standard IEC 60601-1-2
                      demonstrate compatibility with common
                        electromagnetic emitters

                       Evaluated as per FDA consensus standards Evaluated as per FDA consensus standards
Electrical, Mechanical,
                        IEC 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-6 and IEC       IEC 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-6, IEC 60601-2-
Thermal
                      60601-2-18                              18, and IEC 60825-1

                          Interoperability evaluation in line with
                       Design Considerations and Pre-market
Interoperability                                                 Information not publicly available
                       Submission Recommendations for
                         Interoperable Medical Devices


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 7 of 11

510(k) Summary


Property               Subject Device                         Predicate Device

                     StO2 measurement performance of the
                         subject and reference devices was
                    compared with a dissolved oxygen meter
                        as a gold standard using 12 different
                       blood-based phantoms, simulating the
                           optical properties of different tissues and
                         surface types that may be monitored by   StO2 measurement performance of the
                       the subject device.                       subject and reference devices was
                                                      compared with a dissolved oxygen meter
Bench Testing         The spatial resolution of the subject       as a gold standard using 7 different blooddevice was assessed using a USAF-1951   based phantoms, simulating the optical
                         resolution test target and an ISO 12233 e- properties of different tissues that may be
                     SFR test target, in line with the ISO 8600-5 monitored by the subject device.
                    and ISO 12233 standards.

                     The RGB reconstruction performance of
                       the subject device was assessed on a
                      range of Spectralon diffuse colour
                         standards.

                      Three GLP animal studies were conducted
                        using a laparoscopic approach and
                      subsequent conversion to open surgery
                                                           Three animal studies were conducted:
                        to evaluate safety, performance, and
                                                      one laparoscopic, one endoscopic and
                            usability of the subject device in a
Animal Testing                                          one for open surgery. The StO2 outputs
                         representative in-vivo model according to
                                                              reported by the predicate device were
                       the predefined endpoints. The StO2
                                                      compared against a reference device.
                       outputs reported by the subject device
                    were compared against a reference
                         device.


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 8 of 11

510(k) Summary


7. Consensus Standards

HVS has identified the following standards which are applicable to the product realisation process. We list
process as well as product-based standards utilised and include the recognition number for FDA consensus
standards.

Standard                       Consensus Recognition Number   Conformity Assessment
IEC 62304                       13-79                              Declaration of conformity
ISO 14971                       5-125                              Declaration of conformity
TIR 57                           13-83                              Declaration of conformity
CVSS 3.0                        13-116                             Declaration of conformity
ANSI/NEMA HN 1-2019 (MDS2)     13-123                             Declaration of conformity
IEC 62366-1                      5-129                              Declaration of conformity
IEC 62471                       12-249                             Declaration of conformity
IEC 60601-1                      19-4                               Declaration of conformity
IEC 60601-1-2                    19-36                              Declaration of conformity
IEC 60601-1-6                    5-132                              Declaration of conformity
IEC 60601-2-18                   9-114                              Declaration of conformity
AIM 7351731                    19-45                              Declaration of conformity
IEC TR 60601-4-2                 19-19                              Declaration of conformity
ISO/CIE 11664-6                  9-148                            General use
ISO 8600-5                      9-131                            General use


8. Performance Data

In this section we include a brief discussion of the nonclinical tests submitted, referenced, or relied on in the
premarket notification submission for a determination of substantial equivalence. The StO2 measurement
function was evaluated via extensive and comparative bench testing and animal testing. Performance testing
established that the subject device may be used as a conventional RGB visualisation system as well as an
adjunctive monitor of the haemoglobin oxygenation saturation of blood in superficial tissue.


8.1. AI/ML Technical Validation

Technical validation of the deep learning-based super-resolution and reconstruction algorithm confirmed that all
predefined technical performance criteria were met. Evaluation across benchmark datasets demonstrated
superior image reconstruction performance relative to baseline methods, as indicated by improvements in peak
signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR), structural similarity index measure (SSIM), and reconstruction fidelity. Furthermore,
the reconstruction fidelity metric was validated against previously unseen representative in-vivo performance
data, supporting the algorithm’s generalisability and robustness in clinically representative settings.


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                         Page 9 of 11

510(k) Summary


8.2. Bench Performance Testing


8.2.1. Tissue Oxygenation

StO2 measurement performance of the subject and reference devices was compared with a dissolved oxygen
meter as a gold standard using 12 different blood-based phantoms, simulating the optical properties of different
tissues that may be monitored by the subject device. The subject device was used, with supported accessories,
as labelled, to quantify the StO2 level. Results demonstrated that the subject device performs comparably to the
reference device, K112826, with respect to monitoring StO2 levels.


8.2.2. Spatial Resolution

The spatial resolution performance of the subject device was assessed using a USAF-1951 resolution test target
and an ISO 12233 e-SFR test target, in line with the ISO 8600-5 and ISO 12233 standards. Results demonstrated
that the subject device achieved good spatial resolution performance, displaying satisfactory repeatability and
reproducibility against predetermined acceptance  criteria across repeated acquisitions and varying HSS
configurations (i.e., different supported Surgical Telescopes).

All predetermined and objective acceptance criteria were met to confirm the validity of the technical
performance of the spatial resolution of the RGB output of the subject device.


8.2.3. Colourimetry

The RGB reconstruction performance of the subject device was assessed on a range of Spectralon diffuse colour
standards.  Results demonstrated  that  the  subject  device  achieved  satisfactory  colour  reconstruction
performance across the range of Spectralon diffuse colour standards.

All predetermined and objective acceptance criteria were met to confirm the validity of the technical
performance in terms of colourimetry of the RGB output of the subject device.


8.3. Animal Performance Testing

Three GLP compliant animal studies were conducted to evaluate safety, performance, and usability of the subject
device in a representative in-vivo model according to the predefined endpoints.

Overall, the safety profile assessment showed that the subject device met all predefined criteria and that the
subject device was safe to use when applying the usual principles of laparoscopic surgery.

All endpoints for evaluation of the performance profile were met, notably: the laparoscopic vs open small bowel
StO2; detection of qualitative changes in StO2 visualised laparoscopically with the subject device during clamping
of small and large bowel mesentery; the detection of quantitative changes in StO2 measured laparoscopically
with the subject device during clamping of small bowel and large bowel mesentery; repeatability and
reproducibility of StO2 quantification metrics reported by the subject device as well as demonstration of


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                        Page 10 of 11

510(k) Summary


adequate RGB visualisation of predefined anatomical structures; and detection of qualitative changes in RGB
visualised laparoscopically with the subject device during clamping of small and large bowel.

The usability assessment was favourable as all usability criteria were met and the device could be successfully
positioned to enable imaging and focusing to achieve a sharp image of the target tissue.


9. Conclusion

The subject device shares the same intended use and substantially similar indications to the chosen predicate.
Any differences herein raise no additional risks, nor do these differences bring up new questions of safety and
efficacy of the subject device in relation to the predicate.

The subject device was developed under a quality management system (QMS) in conformity with ISO 13485 and
the FDA's own Quality System Regulation (QSR). Furthermore, the FDA has determined that the requirements in
ISO 13485 are, when taken in totality, substantially similar to the requirements of the QSR, providing a similar
level of assurance in the quality management system and ability to consistently manufacture devices that are
both safe and effective.

HVS cites conformity to FDA recognised consensus standards IEC 62366-1 and ISO 14971 for human factors and
safety risk management activities, respectively.

External conformity assessments by certification body (CB) scheme accredited and nationally recognised test
laboratories (NRTL) per the following consensus standards demonstrated acceptable basic safety and essential
performance of the subject device: IEC 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-2, IEC 60601-1-6, IEC 60601-2-18 and AIM 7351731.
Additional electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) testing, specifically focussed on common electromagnetic
emitters, was conducted and demonstrated that there was no degradation in the performance of the subject
device.

Photobiological safety evaluation of the supported high intensity Light Source demonstrated a favourable safety
profile.

Technical validation of the deep learning-based super-resolution and reconstruction algorithm confirmed that all
predefined technical performance criteria were met.

Software was developed and verified under FDA's recognised consensus standard IEC 62304 with additional
considerations provided in TIR 57 implemented for a secure software development lifecycle that consistently
produces devices and software that provide reasonable assurance of cybersecurity.

Extensive bench and GLP compliant animal performance testing, with predefined endpoints and acceptance
criteria, demonstrated that the performance profile of the subject device is satisfactory.

The subject device successfully met all acceptance criteria and passed validation against user needs.

The aforementioned, when taken in totality, supports the notion that the subject device is at least as safe and at
least as effective as the predicate. HVS considers the devices substantially equivalent.


K250268                            HyperSnap Surgical System                        Page 11 of 11