March 13, 2025

Augmedics Ltd.
℅ Janice M. Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K250255
    Trade/Device Name:  xvision Spine system
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Orthopedic Augmented Reality
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SBF
    Dated: January 28, 2025
    Received: March 13, 2025

Dear Janice M. Hogan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250255 - Janice M. Hogan                                                            Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE

K250255 - Janice M. Hogan                                                            Page  3


by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                                Shumaya Ali -S

                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative, Repair
                                            and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250255

Device Name
xvision Spine System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The xvision Spine System, with xvision Spine System Software, is intended as an aid for precisely locating anatomical
structures in either open or percutaneous spine procedures.

Their use is indicated for any medical condition in which the use of stereotactic surgery may be appropriate, and where
reference to a rigid anatomical structure, such as the spine or pelvis, can be identified relative to a patient’s fluoroscopic
or CT imagery of the anatomy. This can include the following spinal procedures:

- Posterior Pedicle Screw Placement in the thoracic and sacro-lumbar region.
- Posterior Screw Placement in C3-C7 vertebrae
- Iliosacral Screw Placement
- Angular procedures requiring access to the disc space
- Lateral trajectories required to access the Sacro-Iliac joint

The Headset of the xvision Spine System displays 2D stereotaxic screens and a virtual anatomy screen. The stereotaxic
screen is indicated for correlating the tracked instrument location to the registered patient imagery. The virtual screen is
indicated for displaying the virtual instrument location in relation to the virtual anatomy to assist in percutaneous
visualization and trajectory planning.

The virtual display should not be relied upon solely for absolute positional information and should always be used in
conjunction with the displayed stereotaxic information.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary Augmedics’

                                     xvision Spine system


SUBMITTER

 Augmedics LTD.
 2 Ha-Otsma St.
 Yokneam Illit, 2069205, Israel
 Phone: +972-4-3730111
 Contact person: Tami Harel
 Date prepared: January 28, 2025
 Name of device: xvision Spine System


 Common or Usual Name:   XVS

 Classification Name:        Orthopedic Augmented Reality (21 CFR 882.4560)

 Regulatory Class:          Class II

 Product Code:          SBF

 Predicate Device:            xvision Spine System, manufactured by
                         Augmedics Ltd. Israel (K241481)

INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

The xvision Spine system, with xvision Spine system software, is intended as an aid for precisely
locating anatomical structures in either open or percutaneous spine procedures.

Their use is indicated for any medical condition in which the use of stereotactic surgery may be
appropriate, and where reference to a rigid anatomical structure, such as the spine or pelvis, can be
identified relative to a patient’s fluoroscopic or CT imagery of the anatomy. This can include the
following spinal procedures:
     -   Posterior Pedicle Screw Placement in the thoracic and sacro-lumbar region.
     -   Posterior Screw Placement in C3-C7 vertebrae
     -    Iliosacral Screw Placement
     -   Angular procedures requiring access to the disc space
     -   Lateral trajectories required to access the Sacro-Iliac joint
The Headset of the xvision Spine System displays 2D stereotaxic screens and a virtual anatomy
screen. The stereotaxic screen is indicated for correlating the tracked instrument location to the
registered patient imagery. The virtual screen is indicated for displaying the virtual instrument location
in relation to the virtual anatomy to assist in percutaneous visualization and trajectory planning.


                                          K250255 - Page 1 of 8

The virtual display should not be relied upon solely for absolute positional information and should
always be used in conjunction with the displayed stereotaxic information.

DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The xvision Spine (XVS) system is an image-guided navigation system that is designed to assist
surgeons in placing pedicle screws accurately, during open or percutaneous computer-assisted spinal
surgery. The system consists of dedicated software, Headset, single use passive reflective markers
and reusable components.  It uses wireless optical tracking technology and displays to the surgeon
the location of the tracked surgical instruments relative to the acquired patient’s scan, onto the surgical
field. The 2D scanned data and 3D reconstructed model, along with tracking information, are projected
to the surgeons' retina using a transparent near-eye-display Headset, allowing the surgeon to both
look at the patient and the navigation data at the same time.

This special 510(k) submission outlines minor software and hardware modifications to the cleared XVS
system, aimed at enhancing the 2D-3D registration process. Changes include minor updates to the CARM Ring adaptor, XVS sterile kits with C- and X-markers, and the addition of a patient marker
extender for improved reflectors’ visibility. A new software version introduces enhancements to the
GUI, ease of use, and bug fixes.

SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The technological characteristics of the modified XVS system are identical to the technological
characteristics of the predicate device. Both the cleared and the subject devices use wireless optical
tracking technology and display, to the surgeon, the location of the tracked surgical instruments
relative to the acquired patient’s scan, onto the surgical  field. The 2D scanned data and 3D
reconstructed model, along with tracking information, are projected to the surgeons' retina using a
transparent near-eye-display headset, allowing the surgeon to both look at the patient and the
navigation data at the same time.

This submission outlines a series of minor hardware and software modifications aimed at enhancing
the 2D-3D registration workflow, improving component reliability, and adding transportation package
option for XVS sterile kits. To enhance the registration process, hardware changes were applied to
the C-ARM Ring Adapter and a new component (i.e., Patient Marker Extender) was introduced.
Software modifications include cybersecurity and HIPPA enhancement, adding GUI guidance and
enforce allowable distances and angles for markers during registration. Reliability of components has
been improved through minor deign changes. Lastly, a new transportation package for XVS sterile kits
holding 3-unit package, was introduced to complement the existing 10-unit package. Performance
tests verified that mechanical stability of the attachment of the new component, overall system
accuracy and compliance  with  existing  sterilization, cleaning and  transportation standards  is
maintained.

The minor hardware and software changes do not impact clinical use, and do not raise any new
questions of safety or efficacy. Together these modifications enhance ease of use and reliability while
preserving the device’s fundamental technology, safety, and effectiveness.


                                          K250255 - Page 2 of 8

To conclude, while the modified XVS system offers minor enhancements to some hardware
components and some software features, the basic technology remains the same and is validated
using the same method and the same success criteria.

A substantial equivalence table summarizing the similarities and differences between the xvision Spine
system and its predicate device is provided below.


                                          K250255 - Page 3 of 8

Augmedics Ltd.

                                 xvision Spine system
                       Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table

                           xvision Spine                 xvision Spine              Conclusion
                           (subject device)                 (K241481)
Intended Use      The xvision Spine System,     The xvision Spine System,        Identical
                      with xvision Spine System        with xvision Spine System
                     Software, is intended as an aid   Software, is intended as an aid
                         for precisely locating               for precisely locating
                    anatomical structures in either   anatomical structures in either
                  open or percutaneous spine     open or percutaneous spine
                    procedures                    procedures
Indications for      Their use is indicated for any     Their use is indicated for any     Identical
Use                medical condition in which the   medical condition in which the
                  use of stereotactic surgery      use of stereotactic surgery
                may be appropriate, and       may be appropriate, and
                  where reference to a rigid       where reference to a rigid
                    anatomical structure, such as    anatomical structure, such as
                     the spine or pelvis, can be       the spine or pelvis, can be
                        identified relative to a patient’s    identified relative to a patient’s
                      fluoroscopic or CT imagery of    fluoroscopic or CT imagery of
                     the anatomy. This can include    the anatomy. This can include
                     the following spinal              the following spinal
                    procedures:                    procedures:
                              -  Posterior Pedicle Screw         -  Posterior Pedicle Screw
                      Placement in the thoracic       Placement in the thoracic
                     and sacro-lumbar region.       and sacro-lumbar region.
                              -  Posterior Screw Placement     -  Posterior Screw Placement
                              in C3-C7 vertebrae                 in C3-C7 vertebrae
                              -   Iliosacral Screw Placement     -   Iliosacral Screw Placement
                              -  Angular procedures               -  Angular procedures
                          requiring access to the disc      requiring access to the disc
                     space                       space
                              -  Lateral trajectories required    -  Lateral trajectories required
                            to access the Sacro-Iliac          to access the Sacro-Iliac
                               joint                                    joint

User Population    Orthopedic surgeons or         Orthopedic surgeons or           Identical
                   neurosurgeons                neurosurgeons
Intended Use       Operating Room                Operating Room                  Identical
Environment
Main System        •  Headset with near eye see-   •  Headset with near eye see-    Identical
Components          through display and tracking     through display and tracking
                     camera.                      camera.
                     •  Software application          •  Software application
                     •  Flat reflective markers        •  Flat reflective markers


                                         K250255 - Page 4 of 8

xvision Spine                 xvision Spine              Conclusion
                           (subject device)                 (K241481)
                     •  Tool adaptors                •  Tool adaptors
                     •  Reference point: Patient      •  Reference point: Patient
                   Clamp and Perc Pin          Clamp and Perc Pin
                     •  Computer, roll stand or Cart   •  Computer, roll stand or Cart
                 C-ARM Ring Adapter         • C-ARM Ring Adapter
Registration         •  IntraOp – requiring IntraOp    •  IntraOp – requiring IntraOp    Identical
Methods           3D scan (Z-link & X-link)      3D scan (Z-link & X-link)

                   2D-3D (PreOp), requiring     • 2D-3D (PreOp), requiring
                   PreOp 3D CT scan and at      PreOp 3D CT scan and at
                          least two IntraOp X-ray           least two IntraOp X-ray
                     images                      images
Rigid Reference     •  Patient Clamp attached to     •  Patient Clamp attached to     Similar.
Point                   the spinous process             the spinous process                                                            A new component, the                     •  Perc Pin inserted into the     •  Perc Pin inserted into the
                                                                                         Patient Marker Extender,                   PSIS                      PSIS
                                                                                                               is introduced in this
                 A Patient Marker can be    A Patient Marker is directly      market application. The
                            directly attached to the       attached to either the Patient     Patient Marker Extender
                         Patient Clamp or the Perc    Clamp or the Perc Pin          extends the Patient
                          Pin.                                                    Marker to prevent partial
                                                                             coverage of its reflectors
                           Alternatively, a Patient                                   by the C-ARM detector
                    Marker Extender can be                                                                                      during the 2D/3D
                       attached to the Patient                                                                                                registration process.                   Clamp or the Perc Pin,
                                                                           However, there is no                         providing an interface for
                                                                         change in the registration                       securing the Patient Marker.
                                                                                  workflow or in the
                                                                                                principal technology that
                                                                                   supports it. Performance
                                                                                              testing demonstrated that
                                                                                      the mechanical stability
                                                                                               of the Patient Marker
                                                                               Extender assembly
                                                                         meets the same
                                                                              acceptance criteria as
                                                                                      the cleared Patient
                                                                             Marker assembly
                                                                                (K241481). Additionally,
                                                                                      the overall system
                                                                                   accuracy, including
                                                                                              positional and angular
                                                                               accuracy during 2D/3D
                                                                                                   registration, was
                                                                                         validated successfully
                                                                                   using the same methods
                                                                        and acceptance criteria
                                                                           as K241481.


                                         K250255 - Page 5 of 8

xvision Spine                 xvision Spine              Conclusion
                           (subject device)                 (K241481)
Instrument (Tool)   •  Reusable                     •  Reusable                       Identical
Adaptors            •  Universal (connects to        •  Universal (connects to
                                                         various tools, not system-                        various tools, not systemspecific)                           specific)
                 VP & Ergonomic (system     • VP & Ergonomic (system
                           specific adaptors)                 specific adaptors)
Localization         Optical                           Optical                             Identical
Technology
Reflective           •  Flat                          •  Flat                             Identical
Markers             •  Single use, provided sterile    •  Single use, provided sterile
                           Sterilized by Gamma          •  Sterilized by Gamma
                        Radiation                       Radiation
Optical Tracker     Single infrared camera,          Single infrared camera,           Identical
                      positioned 0.5m above tracked   positioned 0.5m above tracked
                      objects                          objects
Tracking          6 DOF                      6 DOF                             Identical
Tracking            Perspective N-point             Perspective N-point               Identical
Algorithm
System Accuracy   System Level Accuracy with a   System Level Accuracy with a    Identical
Requirement      mean 3D positional error of     mean 3D positional error of
                2.0mm and mean trajectory    2.0mm and mean trajectory
                       error of 2°                         error of 2°
Deep-Learning      •  Full spine anatomy           •  Full spine anatomy             Identical
Based Spine          segmentation from             segmentation from
Segmentation         background                   background
Algorithms          •  Segmentation of single        •  Segmentation of single
                       spine vertebra                  spine vertebra
Imaging Modality   X-ray based imaging            X-ray based imaging              Identical
Medical Device      • O-arm Imaging System       • O-arm Imaging System        Identical
Interfaces           • Ziehm Vision FD Vario 3D     • Ziehm Vision FD Vario 3D
                   C-Arm and RFD 3D           C-Arm and RFD 3D
                     • Siemens CIOS SPin          • Siemens CIOS SPin
                     •  Airo system by Brainlab       •  Airo system by Brainlab
                     •  ExcelsiusGPS                •  ExcelsiusGPS

                 Round C-ARMS:             Round C-ARMS:
                     • GE OEC 9900 Elite, GE    GE OEC 9900 Elite, GE OEC
               OEC 9800 and 9800 plus all  9800 and 9800 plus all 9” &
                         9” & 12” models              12” models
Display Optics     Augmented Reality using near   Augmented Reality using near    Identical
and Technology    eye see-through display; data   eye see-through display; data
                     displayed on patient’s anatomy   displayed on patient’s anatomy


                                         K250255 - Page 6 of 8

xvision Spine                 xvision Spine              Conclusion
                            (subject device)                 (K241481)
 Communication     Wireless, encrypted             Wireless, encrypted               Identical
 Between Headset
 and Computer
 Supported         5 GHz                      5 GHz                             Identical
 Frequencies &                      802.11g/n/ac                   802.11g/n/ac
 Transmission
 Protocol
 Frame Rate of      60 fps                      60 fps                              Identical
 Displayed Images
 OE Field of View    32.5° (vertical) X 18°            32.5° (vertical) X 18°              Identical
                         (horizontal)                        (horizontal)
 Pixel Resolution    1280x720 per eye             1280x720 per eye                 Identical
 Optical Distortion  <5%                   <5%                               Identical
 Headset Power      Li-ion rechargeable battery       Li-ion rechargeable battery       Identical
 Source
 Number of        Two                     Two                                Identical
 Supported
 Headsets


PERFORMANCE DATA

Minor design modifications were made to the C-ARM Ring adaptor, XVS sterile kits with C- and Xmarkers, and the addition of an extender to the patient marker. These changes aim to improve
reliability, enhance workflow, and enable additional kit packaging configurations, without altering the
principles of operation or technology.

To assess the impact of the modifications on the device and its components, a Risk Analysis was
conducted according to ISO 14971 - Medical Devices - Application of Risk Management to Medical
Devices. Verification and validation activities required to comply with 21 CFR 820.30 were determined
based on this analysis.

All modifications underwent verification following the same protocols and acceptance criteria as the
cleared XVS system (K241481), with additional Form, Fit, and Function (FFF) tests for the modified
components. Verification used established methods, including CMM and calculations, demonstrating
substantial equivalence.

The XVS software includes minor updates from the cleared version, such as support for the new
component, GUI enhancements for a more intuitive 2D-3D registration process, and cybersecurity and
HIPAA enhancements. Software changes were validated per FDA guidance and Augmedics’ Software
Lifecycle Procedure, ensuring the software operates as intended.


                                          K250255 - Page 7 of 8

CONCLUSIONS

The modified XVS system and cleared XVS system have the same intended use and indications for
use, same technological characteristics and the same principles of operation.  The minor design
changes that are introduced in the proposed system are aimed at enhancing the parts reliability or
facilitating the execution of the cleared workflow. These differences do not present different questions
of safety or effectiveness than the predicate device. Performance data (bench), demonstrate that the
modified parts meet the same acceptance criteria as the cleared parts and that the accuracy
performance of the modified XVS system is comparable to the accuracy results of the predicate device.

Thus, the modified XVS system is substantially equivalent to its predicate device, the cleared XVS
system (K241481).


                                          K250255 - Page 8 of 8