August 29, 2025

Geneseeq Technology Inc.
Xue Wu
Chief Executive Officer
Suite 1802, 393 University Ave
Toronto, ON M5G 1E6
Canada

Re: K250003
    Trade/Device Name: GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) (GS6005)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.6080
    Regulation Name: Next Generation Sequencing Based Tumor Profiling
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PZM
    Dated: December 30, 2024
    Received: January 2, 2025

Dear Xue Wu:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250003 - Xue Wu                                                                   Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products
(see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality
systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR
Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control
provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K250003 - Xue Wu                                                                   Page  3


                                                Sincerely,
                          Zivana Tezak-fragale -S

                                          Zivana Tezak, Ph.D.
                                         Branch Chief
                                             Division of Molecular Genetics and Pathology
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250003

Device Name
GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) is a qualitative in vitro diagnostic test kit that uses next
generation sequencing of DNA isolated from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tumor tissue from previously diagnosed
patients with solid malignant neoplasms to detect tumor gene alterations in a broad multi gene panel. This test is intended
to provide tumor mutation profiling information on somatic variants, including single nucleotide variants (SNVs),
insertions and deletions (indels), one amplification, four translocations, microsatellite instability (MSI), and tumor
mutation burden (TMB).

Information provided by GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) is intended to be used by qualified
health care professionals in accordance with professional guidelines in oncology. Results from GENESEEQPRIME NGS
Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) are not intended to be prescriptive or conclusive for labeled use of any specific therapeutic
product.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary

  I.   Introduction:
     A.   Applicant:
          Geneseeq Technology Inc.

      B.   Proprietary and Established Names:
        GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE)

     C.   510(k) Number
         K250003

     D.   Regulatory Information:
             Product Code    Classification     Regulation Section     Panel
                                        21 CFR 866.6080 –
                                          Next Generation
        PZM            Class II          Sequencing Based     Pathology
                                     Tumor Profiling
                                          Assay

 II.  Submission/Device Overview:
     A.   Purpose for Submission:
        New Device

      B.   Measurand (quantity intended to be measured):
           Somatic single nucleotide variants (SNVs), insertions and deletions (Indels), select
            amplifications and translocations, microsatellite instability (MSI), and tumor mutation
           burden (TMB) in human genomic DNA obtained from formalin-fixed paraffin embedded
          tumor tissue. For a complete list of genes, please refer to the device user manual for details.

     C.   Type of Test:
           Next-generation sequencing tumor profiling test

III.  Intended Use/Indications for Use:
     A.   Intended Use:
          The GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) is a qualitative in vitro
            diagnostic test kit that uses next generation sequencing of DNA isolated from formalinfixed paraffin-embedded tumor tissue from previously diagnosed patients with solid
           malignant neoplasms to detect tumor gene alterations in a broad multi gene panel. This
               test is intended to provide tumor mutation profiling information on somatic variants,
            including single nucleotide variants (SNVs), insertions and deletions  (indels), one
             amplification, four translocations, microsatellite instability (MSI), and tumor mutation
           burden (TMB).


                                                                                       1

Information provided by GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) is
            intended to be used by qualified health care professionals in accordance with professional
            guidelines in oncology. Results from GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay
          (FFPE) are not intended to be prescriptive or conclusive for labeled use of any specific
            therapeutic product.

      B.   Indications for Use:
         Same as above

     C.   Special Conditions for Use Statement(s):
           For Prescription Use

           For in vitro diagnostic use.

     D.   Special Instrument Requirements:
            Illumina NextSeq® 550Dx Sequencer

IV.  Device/System Characteristics:
     A.   Device Description:
          1.   Targeted Genes of Interest List
            The complete list of 425 targeted genes for the GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling
            Assay (FFPE) is provided in the device user manual.

          2.   Reagents
            The GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE) (Ref. No. GS6005,
                hereafter referred to as “GENESEEQPRIME”) includes the following components as
                 listed in Table 1.

     Table 1. GENESEEQPRIME kit: Reagent Components and Storage Condition.

       Library Preparation and Target Enrichment Kit, Box 1 of 3 (Store at -25℃ to -15℃)
      Cap Label         Component Name         Cap Color    Volume (𝜇L)
         LB1            ER/AT Buffer               Yellow                130
         LE1          ER/AT Enzyme Mix             Yellow                55
         LE2          DNA Ligase                Green                180
         LB2                Ligation Buffer               Green                540
       PM           PCR Master Mix                 Pink                1200
         PR            PCR Primers                  Pink                 240
        HP              Hybridization Probes             Red                  15
         BL1          DNA Blockers               Red                 120
         BL2              Adaptor Blocker              Red                  12
        HB1             Hybridization Buffer 1            Red                  45
        HB2             Hybridization Buffer 2            Red                  18


                                                                                       2

WB1            Wash Buffer 1                White                180
   WB2            Wash Buffer 2                White                120
   WB3            Wash Buffer 3                White                120
   WB4            Wash Buffer 4                White                240
   BW             Beads Wash Buffer              White                1500
    NC               Negative Control                Blue                 55
    PC                  Positive Control                Blue                 55
 UDI Adaptor for Illumina, Box 2 of 3 (Store at -25℃ to -15℃)
  Cap Label         Component Name           Volume           Concentration
 DA01-DA30        UDI Adaptor 1-30             6.5 𝜇L/tube             15 𝜇M
 Purification and Capture Beads, Box 3 of 3 (Store at 2 to 8℃)
  Cap Label               Component Name                       Volume
    CB                         Capture Beads                          300 𝜇L
    PB                          Purification Beads                         9.0 mL

   3.   Material Required but Not Provided:
     A list of materials required for upstream preparation of samples for sequencing is but
         not included as part of the GENESEEQPRIME assay is shown in Table 2.

Table 2. Materials required, but not provided
 Name                                      Recommendations
 FFPE DNA extraction kit                              User's choice (column-based or beads-based)
 dsDNA quantification kit                              User's choice (Fluorometric method)
 Library quantification kit                              User's choice (qPCR method)

 Molecular biology grade nuclease-free water           User's choice

 TE Buffer (10 mM Tris, 1 mM EDTA, pH 8.0)         User's choice

 Low EDTA TE Buffer (10 mM Tris, 0.1 mM EDTA,
                                                        User's choice
 pH 8.0)
 1N NaOH                                             User's choice
 100% ethanol, molecular biology grade                User's choice
 200 mM Tris-HCl pH 8.0                              User's choice
 NextSeq 550Dx High Output Reagent Kits v2.5 (300
                                                         Illumina, 20028871
 Cycles)
 Disposable pipet basin                                 User's choice

 Areosol barrier, nuclease-free, low retention sterile
                                                        User's choice
 pipette tips (1000ul, 200ul, 20ul, 10ul)


                                                                                  3

Nuclease-free, microcentrifuge tubes for preparing
                                                        User's choice
 master mixes
 dsDNA quantification assay tubes                      User's choice
 Appropriate PPE                                      User's choice

   4.   GENESIS Software:
       The GENESIS by GENESEEQ™ (hereafter referred to as “GENESIS”) software
         necessary for the GENESEEQPRIME assay (software version is displayed on the user
          interface and on reports) is provided by Geneseeq Technology Inc. (Geneseeq) to
        perform sample information management, sequencing data analysis and test report
         generation. The  software  is only compatible with  Illumina’s NextSeq550 Dx
         sequencers. The raw data is maintained on the system during data analysis and report
         generation using redundant disk storage, and the system does not automatically delete
         or modify the raw data in any way. However, the minimal-requirement server
         necessary to run the software stores only sample information and reports; it does not
         provide long-term storage or backup of raw sequencing data. The software saves
        sample information and reports only and does not provide backup of raw sequencing
          data. If users need to reduce the amount of storage that raw data occupies, they need
         super admin privilege to perform raw data deletion via the system interface, and can
        only do so after successful report generation, with a confirmation prompt. Improper
        use will result in no report being generated.

   5.   Instrument:
        Sequencing libraries prepared from the GENESEEQPRIME assay must be sequenced
        on Illumina NextSeq 550Dx sequencing platform. Other instruments that are required
          for use but not included in the GENESEEQPRIME assay are listed in Table 3.

Table 3. Instruments required, not provided

 Equipment             Notes
 Centrifugal vacuum      Uses vacuum centrifugal force to evaporate liquid and concentrate DNA.
 concentrator
                         Mechanically shears DNA to the appropriate size.
 Sonicator
                       Uses detection of target-specific fluorescence to provide quantification of
                        samples prior to library preparation and sequencing. Separate fluorometers
 Fluorometer                            are required in pre-PCR and post-PCR areas.


                       Automated sample processing determines size, quantity, and purity for
 DNA fragment analyzer   quick library QC.
                        Designed for paramagnetic bead precipitation from standard and deep 96-
 Magnetic stand           well microplates. Separate magnetic stands are required in pre-PCR and
                       post-PCR areas.

 qPCR machine           For library quantification.


                                                                                  4

One 96-well dual-block thermal cycler (or two 96-well single block
Thermal cyclers          thermal cyclers) is required in the post-PCR areas.

                         Separate vortex mixers are required in pre-PCR and post- PCR areas.
Vortex mixer
                     Thermomixer capable of temperatures ranging from 20 °C to 70 °C
                      and shaking at 1700 rpm. Two thermomixers or two thermal cyclers
                            (or one thermal cycler with multiple thermal blocks) are required in
Thermomixer
                          the pre-PCR area and one thermomixer is required in the post-PCR
                            area.
                        Tabletop micro-centrifuge or mini-centrifuge capable of holding 0.5 mL to
Microcentrifuge          2.0 mL tubes. Separate micro- or mini- centrifuges are required in pre-PCR
                      and post-PCR areas.

                         Separate sets of pipettors are required in pre-PCR and post-PCR areas.
Single-channel                           Pipettors should be calibrated regularly and verified accurate within 5%
pipettors (P-2, P-10,                          of stated volume.
P-20, P-200, P-1000)
                         Separate sets of pipettors are required in pre-PCR and post-PCR areas.
Multi-channel                           Pipettors should be calibrated regularly and verified accurate within 5%
pipettor (P-20, P-200)                          of stated volume.

  6.   Sample Preparation:
      The GENESEEQPRIME assay requires genomic DNA isolated from formalin- fixed,
       paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissue sample using a validated commercially available
     DNA extraction method (column-based or beads-based). The concentration of the
        extracted genomic DNA can be measured by using a fluorescence quantification
       method. The total DNA yield of FFPE sample should be no less than 50ng The
     GENESEEQPRIME assay has been validated with FFPE sample stored at room
        temperature (15-25 °C) for up to 5 years and extracted genomic DNA samples stored
         at -25 to -15 °C for up to one year. Longer storage time may compromise the testing
         results. FFPE tissue specimen should be processed and stored using standardized
       anatomical pathology protocol (Table 4).

       At least 20% of the nucleated cell within the specimen should be represented in tumor
         tissue for GENESEQPRIME assay. Any sample containing less than 20% tumor
        content can be macro-dissected before use. Using samples with less than 20% tumor
        content may compromise the testing results. The tumor volume and minimum tumor
        content needed to obtain sufficient DNA for testing to achieve the necessary quality
       performance are shown in the Table 4 below. The recommended number of FFPE
        sections of each sample for DNA extraction varies depending on the tissue sample size,
        please see Table 5 for suggestions.

      Genomic DNA is extracted from tissue specimens according to the extraction kit
        protocol. DNA is quantified and concentrated  if necessary. The amount of DNA
        required to perform the test is 50-500 ng. DNA shearing is conducted per protocol and
       a quality control check is performed. Average fragment size should be ~300bp.


                                                                                 5

Sheared DNA is stored at -20°C if not proceeding directly to library preparation. The
     DNA can be stored at 37°C for 10-20 minutes, stored at 2–8°C for 24 hours, or at –
       20°C for longer periods.

Table 4. Specimen Handling and Processing for Validated Specimen Types

                    Minimum Tumor
  Tissue                                      Macrodissection         Volume           Proportion                         Limitations      Storage
  Type                                      requirements
           2-15 unstained  ≥ 20% tumor       Any sample
 FFPE      sections, 10      proportion based on   containing less    Archival FFPE                                                             Room
 sections   microns thick    proportion of tumor   than 20% tumor     material >5                                                                                     temperature
                             nuclei in total viable  content can be      years postnuclei in the          macro-dissected     resection is
                              selected tumor area   before use.         not suitable
                                                                              for analysis


Table 5. Tissue sample size and FFPE section specification for GENESEEQPRIME assay
    Surface area of tissue sample (A)              Unstained FFPE slides or curls
      A ≥ 1.0 cm * 1.0 cm                      2-5 slides/curls at 5-10 𝜇m
  0.5 cm * 0.5 cm ≤ A < 1.0 cm * 1.0 cm             5-10 slides/curls at 5-10 𝜇m
      A < 0.5 cm * 0.5 cm                    10-15 slides/curls at 5-10 𝜇m


   7.  DNA Extraction:
       The kit does not provide reagents for genomic DNA extraction and fragmentation.
        However, both magnetic beads-based and spin column-based DNA extraction protocols
        have been validated for the kit. Genomic DNA is isolated from FFPE sections prepared
        from FFPE tumor tissue samples. The amount and the purity of DNA samples are
        measured to meet the minimum required standards of the test. The obtained genomic
     DNA is then mechanically sheared into short DNA fragments with desired length using
          ultrasonic devices to be read on Illumina sequencing platforms.

   8.   Library Preparation:
       The GENESEEQPRIME assay workflow begins with fragmentation and purification
         of the genomic DNA. Genomic DNA is first quantified using a fluorometric method.
     DNA is then fragmented to a desired size of ~300bp base pairs using sonication and
         purified using magnetic beads. DNA fragments then undergo end repair, A tailing, and
         adapter ligation, followed by another round of purification.

        For the Illumina sequencer to capture DNA fragments for clonal amplification and
        sequencing reactions, Illumina compatible DNA adaptors need to be added onto the
        end of fragmented DNA. Each adaptor contains unique index composed of 8
         nucleotides to distinguish one sample from another, which enables multiplexing and
        sequencing multiple libraries in one sequencing run. Excessive adaptors that are not


                                                                                  6

ligated to DNA will be cleaned by size selection using the magnetic beads. The number
      of PCR cycles is commensurate with the DNA input amount. Each sample library must
     be ≥10 ng/µl (≥200 ng total amount) in order to proceed to the following Target
     Enrichment steps.

9.   Hybrid Capture NGS:
   DNA libraries with different indexes are pooled together, are denatured by heating and
      subjected to hybridization with single-stranded DNA oligonucleotides (also called
      ‘probes’) in a length of ~120 bp. Probes are biotinylated to allow their binding to
      streptavidin-coated magnetic beads and washing out of unbound DNA. Capture
       libraries are enriched using PCR amplification. Target enrichment libraries must be
      quantified using the KAPA Library Quantification Kit. Successful target enrichment is
      indicated by a total output volume > 9 ng at a concentration of ≥0.5 ng/μl.

10.  Sequencing
     Sequencing libraries prepared from this kit are sequenced on Illumina NextSeq 550Dx
     sequencing platforms. Sample libraries are quantified and normalized into library
     enrichment pools of up to 8 samples each. A maximum of 28 samples with one positive
      control and one negative control can be run in one sequencing batch. Pooled sample
       libraries should be quantified using a qPCR method prior to sequencing.

11.  Data Analysis
   a)   Data Management System (DMS): Sequencing data is automatically processed
        using the GENESIS software that tracks sample names, sample metadata and
        processing status from sequencing through to analysis and reporting. Reports of
         identified alterations are available in a web-based user interface for download.
        Sequencing and sample metrics, including sample and sequencing quality, are
         available in the final report output.

   b)   Demultiplexing & FASTQ Generation: Demultiplexing of BCL files is done by
        adapter sequences indicated on the samples sheet. Paired FASTQ files are generated
       which contains sequence and base quality score information. The FASTQ formatted
         data files are used for subsequent processing of samples.

   c)   Run QC check: Quality control for each sequencing run is determined by cluster
         density and Q30 read proportion. Cluster density measures the number of clusters
       on a flow cell, with a sequencer cluster density ≥ 135 being the passing threshold.
        For each run, the proportion of total reads with Q30 must be greater than or equal to
       80%.

   d)   Read Alignment & BAM Generation: To map sequence reads for each sample to
         the human reference genome (hg19/GRCh37), genome alignment is carried out. The
         resulting alignments are stored as Binary Alignment Map (BAM) files, presenting
        information about read placement in relation to the reference genome along with
         quality scores. Subsequently, the aligned BAM files undergo additional processing


                                                                               7

within a pipeline to pinpoint genomic alterations.

e)   Sample QC checks: A bioinformatic analysis of genome haplotypes is conducted
     on samples to screen for potential contamination. This involves examining predefined SNP sites representative of populations and individuals. Samples displaying
      multiple haplotypes are deemed potentially contaminated and samples with higher
     than 4% contamination is flagged as failed. Additionally, sequence coverage is
      evaluated across the panel, necessitating that at least 90% of targeted regions have
     a minimum coverage exceeding 100x.

f)   Mutation calling: A fully automated pipeline for bioinformatic analysis is used to
      identify genomic alterations, including SNVs, indels, ERBB2 amplifications, ALK
      translocations, RET translocations, ROS1 translocations, NTRK1 translocations,
    MSI status, and TMB score.

       i.    SNVs and Indels: Identification of variants, insertions and deletions are
             filtered according  to variant  allele frequency,  allele depth, and variant
           coverage. For non-hotspot SNVs and indels, at least 2% allele frequency and
         5 mutant reads is required. For a hotspot variant, at least a 1% VAF and 4
           supporting mutant reads is required. Clinically significant variants must have
          an allele frequency of greater than 0.4% and at least 4 supporting mutant reads.

      ii.      Amplification: GENESEEQPRIME assay  is only validated for reporting
        ERBB2 amplifications. Only amplifications that have equal to or more than a
            1.8-fold change will be reported.

     iii.     Translocation:  This  assay  only  reports  the  presence  or  absence  of
            translocations involving four hotspot genes (ALK, RET, ROS1, and NTRK1).
          For each translocation with a hotspot gene and  its canonical partner, a
        minimum of 6 fusion supporting reads is required. Alternatively, if the partner
          gene is a non-canonical partner, a minimum of 12 fusion supporting reads is
            required.

    iv.      Microsatellite Status: Microsatellite status for each sample is evaluated based
         on the mutation status of 61 microsatellite sites from within the regions of
             interest. A sample is deemed to have microsatellite instability (MSI-H) when
             at least 16% of the detected sites are unstable or contain specific mutations
            signatures.

    v.    Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB): TMB  is calculated based on detected
          sequence mutations and indels. Filtering of sequence mutations is performed
            to exclude low mutant allele fraction mutations (<2% VAF), common somatic
            driver mutations, and common germline mutations. Both synonymous and nonsynonymous alterations are considered for the mutation load. TMB is reported as the
          number of mutations per megabase (Muts/Mb).


                                                                             8

12.   Controls:
     The GENESEEQPRIME assay kit includes a negative control (NC) and a positive
      control (PC) to monitor the performance of the instruments and the reagents. All
      external control samples should be processed the same as the testing samples and
      should pass all quality control criteria, and all expected mutations should be detected
      in the PC sample, but not the NC sample.

   a)    Negative Control:
     A non-cancerous cell line (NA18535) is included in the reagent kit and must be
        included on the sequencing run. The purpose of the negative control is to validate
         the quality of the sequencing run. No variants of interest should be detected in the
        negative control sample for sequencing run to pass quality control thresholds.

   b)    Positive Control:
       The positive control sample is included in each kit. The positive control contains 7
         alterations of interest (BRAF V600E, EGFR L858R, EGFR Exon 19 Deletion, KRAS
       G13D,  TPM3~NTRK1   translocation,  CD74~ROS1   translocation,  ERBB2
         amplification) and must be included on every sequencing run. All 7 alterations must
        be detected in the positive control sample for a sequencing run to pass quality
         control.

13.  Result reporting:
   a)   Somatic single nucleotide variants and short  insertion/deletion mutations are
         reported under one  of two  categories:  “Variants with evidence  of  clinical
         significance”  or “Variants with  potential  of  clinical  significance”. The two
         categories are based on the supporting level of clinical evidence listed on the
       document “CDRH’s Approach to Tumor Profiling Next Generation Sequencing
         Tests”. Common germline mutations and polymorphisms are masked from the final
         report  if they appear in 1000g (version 201508), ExAC (version 0.3nontcga), or
      gnomAD (version r2.0.1). Variants determined to be germline based on the TumorOnly Sequencing module are also excluded from reporting.

   b)   Reporting of microsatellite status for samples is either high microsatellite instability
        (MSI-H), microsatellite stable (MSS), or uncertain status (Indeterminate).

   c)   Tumor mutational burden (TMB)  is reported in terms of mutations per megabase
        (mut/mb). Driver mutations are not included in the count of mutations. Both
       synonymous and non-synonymous mutations are included in the count of mutations.

   d)   Presence of copy number variations on ERBB2 and gene translocations on four genes
       (ALK, RET, ROS1, NTRK1) are reported. These alterations are reported under one
         of two categories: “Variants with evidence of clinical significance” or “Variants
        with potential of clinical significance”. The two categories are based on the
        supporting level of clinical evidence listed on the document “CDRH’s Approach to
       Tumor Profiling Next Generation Sequencing Tests”.


                                                                               9

e)   The turnaround time for the GENESEEQPRIME assay from DNA to final clinical
            report is typically 5 business days. This includes all steps in the workflow: library
            preparation, sequencing, bioinformatics analysis, and report generation.

   14.  Quality metrics:
        Reporting of variants considers the quality metrics outlined in Table 6. Quality metrics
         are assessed across the following categories.
        •   Batch-level: Quality metrics that are quantified per sequencing run; failing batchlevel metrics will prevent all reports for samples in the run from generating. If the
             positive or negative control fails these criteria, all samples in the sequencing run
             will not generate IVD reports.
        •  Sample-level: Metrics that are quantified per sample; generates no IVD report for
           any sample failing these QC metrics.
        •   Analyte-level: Metrics that are quantified for individual alteration types and loci.
          Only variants that pass analyte-level QC are reported.

Table 6. Summary of GENESEEQPRIME Post-Sequencing Quality Control Metrics
                           Level of
 Quality Metric                            Passing Criteria                              Qualification

 Cluster Density              Batch-level      Sequencer Cluster Density ≥ 130

 Q30 Reads                   Batch-level    %Q30 (Total) ≥ 80%

                                       7 known mutations in positive control are detected;
 External Control             Batch-level    No level 2 or hotspot mutations detected in negative
                                                 control
 Percent Regions Covered
                             Sample-level    ≥ 90% exon region with > 100X Dedup Depth

 Contamination QC          Sample-level    Estimated contamination levels < 4%
 Select SNVs and Indels
 with Evidence of Clinical
                               Analyte-level    Mutant reads ≥ 4; VAF ≥ 0.4% Significance

 Hotspot SNVs and Indels
                               Analyte-level    Mutant reads ≥ 4; VAF ≥ 1%

 Non-hotspot SNVs and
                               Analyte-level    Mutant reads ≥ 5; VAF ≥ 2% Indels

 MSI Detection               Analyte-level   MSI Score ≥ 16

 ERBB2 Amplification        Analyte-level    Fold change ≥ 1.8

 Translocations (ALK,
                                           Fusion reads ≥ 6 for canonical partner genes; Fusion NTRK1, RET, and ROS1)     Analyte-level
                                               reads ≥ 12 for non-canonical partner genes


                                                                                 10

B.   Principle of Operation:
         The GENESEEQPRIME assay  kit  is comprised of reagents for sequencing library
           preparation and target enrichment for 425 cancer-related genes. The starting material for
            this kit is extracted genomic DNA from FFPE specimen, which will be subjected to
           fragmentation, end repair, adaptor ligation, polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification
         and DNA probe hybridization capture of human genomic regions of interest. The regions
           of interest include the exonic regions, select intronic regions, and specific microsatellite
           regions of 425 genes within the human genome. The targeted DNA fragments are then
          enriched using magnetic beads followed by PCR amplification. Library quantification and
           quality control will be performed on the enriched library before library sequencing.

     C.   Determination of assay thresholds:
         1.   Exon coverage
           To determine the minimum exon coverage necessary for downstream review, a power
               analysis was conducted on 11 FFPE samples. We found that mutations with a true
              frequency of 2% (95% CI: 1.02%-3.90%) is detected with 95% statistical power at
           >400X coverage. Mutations with a true frequency of > 5% (95% CI: 3.05%-8.10%.)
             can be reliably detected at >300X (Figure 1).


Figure 1. Power analysis of mutation detection based on exon coverage. Mutations were separated
into 4 types based on variant allele frequency (True VAF = 20%, 10%, 5%, and 2%). Lower dotted
line indicates a 90% sensitivity in detecting variants and the upper dotted line indicates the 95%
sensitivity threshold.

           Summary metrics were computed for individual exons within a sample cohort of 3000
             normal tissue samples to pinpoint regions prone to sequencing artifacts. These specific
              regions were subsequently eliminated from the GENESEEQPRIME assay, rendering


                                                                                      11

them ineligible for variant analysis or inclusion in reports. No variants with explicit
           evidence of clinical significance or somatic hotspot mutations are withheld from the
             report.

          Sequence coverage requirement was evaluated in the remaining regions across a cohort
            of 200 FFPE samples, and 90% of targeted regions (~4,756 of 5,286 regions) were
          sequenced to a depth of 100X or greater if the deduplicated sample level coverage is
          200X. If the deduplicated sample level coverage is 400X, 90% of regions of interest
           achieved 200X coverage or greater (Figure 2).


A       100

        90         100X
           Least
    at
                Covered 60
             Region 30
                Percent

         0
           0    200   400500          1000          1500          2000
                      Mean Dedup Depth − Sample Level


B        100

        90         200X
           Least
     at
                Covered 60

        30              Region
                Percent
         0

           0    200   400500           1000          1500          2000
                      Mean Dedup Depth − Sample Level


                                                                                    12

Figure 2. Percent of regions of interest achieving A) 100X or B) 200X coverage in correlation to
sample level depth. Horizontal dotted line indicates 90 percent of regions. The leftmost vertical dotted
line in each figure indicates the sample level average deduplicated depth of 200X. The rightmost
vertical dotted line in each figure indicates the sample level average deduplicated depth of 400X.


         2.   Sample coverage
            Sample level summary metrics of 200 FFPE samples from across 10 tumor types were
              evaluated to determine the required sample coverage for report generation and analysis.
              Overall exonic coverage was high in the regions of interest with a high percentage of
            on target reads. The mean coverage across all targeted regions for the 200 FFPE
             samples is 978X (± 245X standard deviation).

            The assessment of sequence coverage was extended to determine the minimum
              requirements for the analysis and reporting of variants. A power analysis indicated that
              a minimum sequence coverage of 100x is essential for accurately detecting mutations
             with an underlying mutation frequency of 2% or higher. To establish a per-sample
               threshold, the analysis considered the number of exons in individual samples meeting
                 this coverage criterion. The samples under evaluation encompassed a spectrum of
        DNA quality estimates. Of the 200 samples evaluated, >96.5% of samples (193 of 200
              samples) demonstrated ≥ 100x coverage across at least 90% of targeted regions of
                interest (Figure 3 and Figure 4). The consistently robust coverage affirms the capacity
               to tolerate occasional dips in coverage that might arise due to fluctuations in sample
                quality. Based on this analysis, the threshold sample coverage for analysis and report
              generation is set at 100X in at least 90% of evaluated regions. This criterion is
            employed to assess whether a sample has been sequenced deeply enough to warrant
               analysis and inclusion in the reporting process.


                                                                                      13

Figure 3. Distribution of mean distinct coverage per sample in GENESEEQPRIME across 200 FFPE
samples.


Figure 4. Distribution of mean deduplicated depth per sample and percentage of regions with more
than 100X coverage. Dotted line indicates the cut-off of 90% regions with more than 100X coverage.


                                                                                      14

3.   Determination of assay cutoff
         To ensure high specificity in mutation detection, 30 normal FFPE samples were
           analyzed under varying stringency levels, initially yielding 273 false positives (209
          non- hotspot, 58 hotspot, 6 clinically significant variants). Applying mutation-specific
          filters—VAF and supporting read thresholds tailored to each category—eliminated all
             false positives, achieving a 100% rejection rate. Clinically significant variants are
           reported by GENESEEQPRIME when VAF is ≥0.4% with ≥4 supporting reads,
           hotspot variants (from COSMIC v96 and internal databases) at ≥1% VAF with ≥4
            reads, and non-hotspot variants at ≥2% VAF with ≥5 reads. For ERBB2 copy number
            variation, the assay reports amplification only when fold change exceeds 1.8x relative
            to diploid state, based on a cut-off set at 4 standard deviations above the mean from 46
          ERBB2-negative samples. Microsatellite instability (MSI) status is determined by the
           proportion of somatic sites among total tracked sites, with a validated cut-off set at
        16% based on ROC analysis of 100 samples. For gene translocations (ALK, RET,
         ROS1,and NTRK1), baseline fusion read counts from 39 FFPE-negative samples were
          used to establish detection thresholds: ≥6 reads for canonical partners and ≥12 reads
            for non-canonical partners.

      4.   Somatic Mutation Detection by Tumor only Sequencing (ToSeq) Module
         The GENESIS  software  includes  a machine  learning  module, ToSeq, which
            distinguishes somatic from germline SNVs and indels without matched normal
          samples by evaluating features related to variant location, frequency, pathogenicity,
          and database presence. Trained on 3,189 tumor-normal pairs and tested on 4,781
           independent pairs (7,970 total), ToSeq uses a Distributed Random Forest model that
           achieved high performance (SNV AUC = 0.9867; indel AUC = 0.9818). In total,
          132,734 SNVs and 11,086 indels were assessed, with the ToSeq module demonstrating
         95.59% (95% CI: 95.40% - 95.78%) sensitivity and 95.63% (95% CI: 95.43% -
          95.82%) positive predictive value against reference classifications.


  D.   Substantial Equivalence Information
      1.    Predicate Device Name(s):
        PGDx elio Tissue Complete

      2.    Predicate Device 510(k) Number
         K192063

      3.   Comparison of technological characteristics with the predicate device

                                                          Subject Device:
                       Predicate device:
Characteristics                              GENESEEQPRIME NGS tumor
                PGDx elio tissue complete                                                                profiling assay (FFPE)
                                                Similarities


                                                                                   15

Indications for        The PGDx elio™ tissue complete      The GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor
Use                    assay is a qualitative in vitro             Profiling Assay (FFPE) is a qualitative
                         diagnostic device that uses targeted       in vitro diagnostic test kit that uses
                        next generation sequencing of DNA     next generation sequencing of DNA
                          isolated from formalin-fixed, paraffin-    isolated from formalin-fixed paraffinembedded tumor tissue from patients    embedded tumor tissue from
                       with solid malignant neoplasms to       previously diagnosed patients with
                          detect tumor gene alterations in a         solid malignant neoplasms to detect
                      broad multi-gene panel.               tumor gene alterations in a broad multi
                                                         gene panel. This test is intended to
                PGDx elio tissue complete is intended   provide tumor mutation profiling
                          to provide tumor mutation profiling      information on somatic variants,
                        information on somatic alterations       including single nucleotide variants
                     (SNVs, small insertions and deletions,   (SNVs), insertions and deletions
                     one amplification and four                 (indels), one amplification, four
                           translocations), microsatellite             translocations, microsatellite instability
                            instability (MSI) and tumor mutation    (MSI), and tumor mutation burden
                      burden (TMB) for use by qualified     (TMB).
                         healthcare professionals in accordance
                                                              Information provided by                       with professional guidelines in
                                           GENESEEQPRIME NGS Tumor                      oncology for previously diagnosed
                                                                    Profiling Assay (FFPE) is intended to                       cancer patients and is not conclusive
                                                         be used by qualified health care                        or prescriptive for labeled use of any
                                                                  professionals in accordance with                          specific therapeutic product.
                                                                  professional guidelines in oncology.
                                                                Results from GENESEEQPRIME
                                        NGS Tumor Profiling Assay (FFPE)
                                                                  are not intended to be prescriptive or
                                                               conclusive for labeled use of any
                                                                     specific therapeutic product.


Technology           Hybrid Capture                   Same
                        Formalin-fixed, paraffinembedded (FFPE) tumor tissue
Specimen Type                                     Same
                     from patients with solid malignant
                      neoplasms
                          Patients with malignant solid
Target Population                                   Same
                      neoplasms
                        Illumina NextSeq 550Dx
Instrument                                                   Illumina NextSeq 550Dx
                          (qualified by PGDx)

Test Environment      Kit                            Same

                                              Differences
Genes on Panel        505 genes                         425 genes
                      Somatic Variants including point       Somatic Variants including point
 Variant Types         mutations, small insertions, and small   mutations, small insertions, and small
                          deletions, ERBB2 amplification, 4       deletions, ERBB2 amplification, 4 gene


                                                                                   16

gene translocations (ALK, RET,         translocations (ALK, RET, NTRK1, and
                   NTRK2, and NTRK3), MSI and TMB   ROS1), MSI and TMB information.
                         information.
                                                     7 regions from 5 genes and 268 variants
                    58 genes/exons excluded from
                                                       from 135 genes are excluded from
                         reporting due to consistently low
Black List                                                       reporting as recurrent artifacts based on
                       coverage and low complexity, and
                                                              next generation sequencing results of
                         repeat genomic regions in 254 genes
                                                        normal samples (blood or FFPE)
                     Sequence coverage of >400x provides  Sequencing coverage of >400x provides
                 95% statistical power for detection of  95% statistical power for detection of true
                          true mutations at 2% MAF (95% CI,    mutations at 2% VAF (95% CI, 1.9% -
Determination of      0.8% - 3.5% MAF). For mutations     2.5% VAF). For mutations with 5%
Pipeline Threshold     with 5% underlying MAF, sequence    underlying VAF, sequencing coverage of
                       coverage of >150x provides 95%      >300x provides 95% statistical power for
                              statistical power for detection (95%     detection (95% CI, 12.0%, 22.0% VAF,
                        CI, 2.0% - 8.6% MAF).            Mean VAF = 17.0%).
                                     A minimum of 4 or 5 mutant
              A minimum of 4 or 6 mutant                                                               observations and 0.4%, 1%, or 2%
                        observations and 0.4%, 2%, or 5%                                                                   variant allele fraction (VAF) are required
                      mutant allele fraction (MAF) are                                                         depending on sequence coverage and
                         required depending on sequence                                                                      status of the variant as a Variant with
                       coverage and status of the variant as a                                                         Evidence of Clinical Significance,
                        Variant with Evidence of Clinical                                                            somatic hotspot, or a Variant with
                         Significance, somatic hotspot, or a                                                                   Potential Clinical Significance.
                        Variant with Potential Clinical
                                            SNVs and Indels <2% VAF based on                         Significance. SNVs with lower bound
Assay cut-off                                              sequence coverage are excluded from                 95% Confidence Interval <5% MAF
                                                                    reporting. Common germline mutations                      based on sequence coverage are
                                                                present in 1000g, ExAC, and gnomAD                       excluded from reporting. Common
                                                                 are identified and excluded from                       germline mutations present in dbSNP,
                                                                    reporting.                   ExAC, and gnomAD are identified and
                       excluded from reporting.           GENESIS software includes a selfdeveloped machine learning model used                        Additional germline mutations with ≥
                                                                    to distinguish germline SNVs and Indels                    3 matches in ExAC and MAF ≥ 20%
                                                       from somatic SNVs and Indels without                         are also excluded from reporting.
                                                                 the need for a matched normal sample.
                               • Positive Control                          • Positive Control

                               • No template control (NTC)              • Negative Control
Controls
                               • Normalized to database of common    • Normalized to database of common
                          germline SNPs                       germline SNPs

Samples per Run
                    15                               28
(controls excluded)


                                                                                   17

Clinical Evidence                        Variant calls are organized into
Curation                        Variants with Evidence of Clinical                                          GENESEEQPRIME assay reports
                         Significance or Variants with                                                                   variants as either a Variant with
                          Potential Clinical Significance; with                                                         Evidence of Clinical Significance or a
                        Variants with Evidence of Clinical                                                              Variant with Potential Clinical
                         Significance aligning with Tier 1A of                                                                Significance depending on the
                         the AMP/ASCO/CAP guidelines,                                                              designated cancer type. Classification
                      based on the selected tumor type for                                                                of variants adhere to the three-tiered
                       use in tumor profiling. Tumor type                                                          approach for reporting biomarkers as
                          selection should align with the                                                                 outlined by the CDRH. Variants with
                            clinical diagnosis and all available                                                            evidence of clinical significance fall
                         information. In the case of metastasis                                                              within tier 1A of the AMP/ASCO/CAP
                        of unknown origin, unknown primary                                                                   guidelines.
                               site, or uncertainty of the tumor type,
                        ‘Other’ should be selected.


  E.   Guidance Documents Referenced
      1.   CDRH’S  APPROACH  TO TUMOR  PROFILING  NEXT  GENERATION
       SEQUENCING TESTS (2017)
      2.    General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff
           (January 11, 2002)
      3.   Guidance for Industry Cybersecurity for Networked Medical Devices Containing Offthe-Shelf (OTS) Software (January 14, 2005)
      4.   Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff Statistical Guidance on Reporting Results from
           Studies Evaluating Diagnostic Tests (March 13, 2007)
      5.    Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
          Devices Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff (October 2,
          2014)
      6.    Postmarket Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices Guidance for Industry
          and Food and Drug Administration Staff (December 28, 2016)
      7.    Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions Guidance for
           Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff (June 14, 2023)
      8.    Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices Guidance for Industry and Food and
         Drug Administration Staff (August 11, 2023)

  F.   Performance Characteristics

       1.  Introduction
         This document provides a comprehensive summary of the accuracy, reproducibility, and
          analytical performance of the GENESEEQPPRIME assay. The outlined performance


                                                                                   18

studies evaluate the assay’s ability to deliver consistent and accurate results across
       diverse clinical and laboratory settings.


    2. Accuracy Study: Method Comparison
      Concordance of variant calls, translocation and ERBB2 detection, microsatellite status,
      and TMB  were  compared  between   appropriate  comparator  methods  and
     GENESEEQPRIME. SNVs, insertions, and deletions are compared to an externally
       validated orthogonal NGS method. Gene translocations, CNV, and MSI are compared to
       the corresponding FISH or IHC test as well as an orthogonal NGS method. TMB is
      compared to whole exome sequencing (WES) and an orthogonal NGS method. In total,
        there were 503 FFPE samples in accuracy studies. For rare variants not commonly
       represented in consecutive sampling, samples were identified based on the variant
       information provided by the Biobank’s pre-existing test results. Ethnic origin of sample
       included in the method comparison study is summarized in Table 7. Samples originated
      from multiple sites. Samples cover 40 distinct tumor types. Detailed sample invalid rate
        for each cancer type post-sequencing is presented in Table 8. Five samples failed presequencing quality control for GENESEEQPRIME. No samples were pre-screened using
     GENESEEQPRIME results.

Table 7. Distribution of ethnic background of all samples used in the method comparison study
between GENESEEQPRIME and the orthogonal NGS device.
 Ethnicity                      Accuracy    Proportion
 White or Caucasian                  345       68.59%
 Asian                              108       21.47%
 Black or African American             29        5.77%
 Hispanic or Latino                    10        1.99%
 Native American or Alaskan Native      1         0.20%
 Other                              8         1.59%
 Unknown                           2         0.40%
 Sum                               503       100.00%

Table 8. Overall post-sequencing sample pass rate for each assay used in the accuracy study
sorted by cancer type.
                                   GENESEEQPRIME
         Cancer Type           Samples passed QC     Total samples
                                                                                  Invalid rate                                                                     tested
 Bladder Cancer                          16                  17             5.88%
 Breast Cancer                            83                  91             8.79%

 Cervical Cancer                          10                  11             9.09%

 Cholangiocarcinoma                      3                   3             0.00%

 Colorectal Cancer                        71                  72             1.39%


                                                                                 19

Endometrial Cancer                       28                  30             6.67%

 Esophageal Cancer                       5                   6             16.67%

 Gastric Cancer                           14                  15             6.67%

 Gastrointestinal Stromal Tumor             3                   4             25.00%

 Head and Neck Cancer                    11                  13             15.38%

 Liver Cancer                            11                  11             0.00%

 Lung Adenocarcinoma                     8                   8             0.00%

 Melanoma                               13                  15             13.33%

 Non-small cell lung cancer                 64                  66             3.03%

 Others*                                 28                  30             6.67%
 Lung adenosquamous carcinoma             3                   3             0.00%
 Ovarian Cancer                          10                  11             9.09%

 Pancreatic Cancer                        6                   6             0.00%

 Prostate Cancer                          32                  32             0.00%

 Renal Cancer                            17                  18             5.56%

 Skin Cancer                             12                  14             14.29%

 Soft Tissue Sarcoma                      7                   8             12.50%

 Thyroid Cancer                          13                  14             7.14%

               Total                      468                  498            6.02%

*Other cancer types include central nervous system cancers, fallopian tube, mediastinum, medulloblastoma,
penis, testis, vulva, breast cancer (solid tumor), thymus tumor, biliary tract cancer, glioma, lung squamous cell
cancer, neuroendocrine tumor, carcinosarcoma, lung-NOS**, lung-SCLC, small intestine cancer, and head and
neck cancer.
**NOS: Not otherwise specified


  a) Accuracy for SNVs, Indels, CNV, gene translocations, TMB, MSI
     Data was aggregated at the variant level for SNVs and indels, gene level for amplification
     and translocations, and case level for MSI and TMB. The accuracy is summarized for the
      entire cohort of 503 samples for each of the assessed types (SNVs, indels, structural
      variants, MSI, and TMB). Orthogonal methods used  consisted  of  validated Next
     Generation  Sequencing  (NGS),  Fluorescence   In   Situ   Hybridization  (FISH),
     immunohistochemistry (IHC), and whole exome sequencing (WES). For all analyses, the
    PPA  and NPA  were  calculated  by  comparing  the  concordance  between  the
    GENESEEQPRIME Assay and the appropriate comparator to evaluate the degree of
     concordance between the assays (Table 9).


                                                                                 20

Table 9. Accuracy of GENESEEQPRIME
    Variant     Orthogonal     Analysis          PPA             NPA
   Category     Method      Category        (2-sided 95% CI)         (2-sided 95% CI)
                                                92.44%               99.99%
                                      All
                                                 (91.45%, 93.33%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                91.53%               99.99%
                    Predicate      SNVs
 Overall (SNVs                                   (90.39%, 92.55%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                   Device
   and indels)                                    96.64%               99.99%
                 (NGS)         Insertions
                                                 (91.68%,98.69%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                97.31%               99.99%
                                   Deletions
                                                 (95.12%,98.53%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                96.53%               99.98%
                                      All
                                                 (92.64%, 98.4%)         (99.97%, 99.98%)
  Variants with                                   96.15%               99.98%
                    Predicate      SNVs
  Evidence of                                    (91.86%, 98.23%)        (99.97%, 99.98%)
                   Device
     Clinical                                  100%                99.99%
                 (NGS)         Insertions
  Significance                                     (51.01%, 100%)         (99.96%, 99.99%)
                                          100%                99.97%
                                   Deletions
                                                  (77.19%, 100%)         (99.96%, 99.98%)
                                                92.19%               99.99%
                                      All
                                                 (91.15%, 93.12%)        (99.99%. 99.99%)
                                                91.23%               99.99%
                          SNVs
  Variants with                                   (90.03%, 92.30%)        (99.99%. 99.99%)
                    Predicate
   Potential of                                    96.52%
                   Device                                              99.99%
     Clinical                         Insertions            (111/115)
                 (NGS)                                                (99.99%. 99.99%)
  Significance                                    (91.40%, 98.64%)
                                                97.21%
                                                                     99.99%
                                   Deletions            (349/359)
                                                                         (99.99%. 99.99%)
                                                 (94.95%, 98.48%)
                                                98.08%
                                                                     99.98%
                                      All               (512/522)
                                                                         (99.97%, 99.98%)
                                                 (96.51%, 98.96%)
                    Predicate                        97.89%               99.98%
    Hotspot                  SNVs
                   Device                        (96.16%, 98.85%)        (99.97%, 99.98%)
    Variants
                 (NGS)                       100%                99.99%
                                      Insertions
                                                  (79.61%, 100%)         (99.96%, 99.99%)
                                          100%                99.97%
                                   Deletions
                                                  (89.57%, 100%)         (99.96%, 99.98%)
                                                91.27%               99.99%
                                      All
                                                 (90.10%, 92.31%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                90.08%               99.99%
                    Predicate      SNVs
  Non-Hotspot                                   (88.72%, 91.29%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                   Device
    Variants                                     96.15%               99.99%
                 (NGS)         Insertions
                                                 (90.53%, 98.49%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                97.05%               99.99%
                                   Deletions
                                                 (94.65%, 98.39%)        (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                            93.75% (83.16%,
   ERBB2        FISH       Amplification                      100% (88.30%, 100%)
                                                  97.85%)


                                                                                   21

88.89%            90.91% (62.26%,
 ALK         FISH       Translocation
                                            (56.50%, 99.43%)            99.53%)
                                                             66.67% (41.71%,
 RET         FISH       Translocation   100% (56.55%, 100%)
                                                                    84.82%)
 ROS1        FISH       Translocation   100% (67.56%, 100%)   100% (72.24%, 100%)
           NGS
                                       100%                99.76%
NTRK1      Comparator    Translocation
                                             (43.85%, 100%)         (98.66%, 99.99%)
              Assay
                              All Tumor          97.50%            90.38% (79.39%,
 MSI     IHC/dMMR
                            Types         (87.12%,99.87%)            95.82%)
                    CRC or                             96.88% (84.26%,
 MSI     IHC/dMMR               100% (89.85%, 100%)
                            Endometrial                                 99.84%)


   i.  Germline mutation filtering pipeline
    The objective of this analysis is to compare the efficacy of GENESEEQPRIME at
      filtering  out  germline  mutations  in comparison  to  using  databases  alone. For
     comparison, we also obtained data from an orthogonal NGS method. Samples used in
      the method comparison study were filtered for matching normal sample (buffy coat of
      adjacent FFPE). 11 FFPE samples with matching normal samples were selected to
     undergo this analysis. Samples originate from 6 different cancer types and includes
      colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, head and neck cancer, non-small cell lung cancer,
      breast cancer, and endometrial cancer (Table 10). The mutation results of each tumornormal sample pair are compared to identify the reference list of germline and somatic
      mutations. In these 11 samples, 292 somatic variants were reported in total from the
    GENESEEQPRIME assay. 8 variants were found to be germline variants based on
     comparison to the normal control sample (2.74% false positive rate). The orthogonal
     device  reported  276  somatic  mutations   that  were  also  covered  on  the
    GENESEEQPRIME panel. Of those, 38 were determined to be germline variants
     (13.77% false positive rate). For each sample, 2 to 7 variants were reported by the
     orthogonal device and were detected but not reported by the GENESEEQPRIME assay.
     These variants were all found to be present in the germline control sample, indicating
      that the GENESEEQPRIME assay successfully filtered out germline variants using only
     tumor samples. Based on the findings from this analysis, we determine that the
    GENESEEQPRIME is efficient at filtering out germline variants and has germline
      variants reporting rate 2.74%. In the samples tested, 100% of variants reported by the
     orthogonal device and filtered out by the GENESEEQPRIME were germline mutations.


                                                                               22

Table 10. Summary of germline variants found in each tumor or germline control sample using
GENESEEQPRIME.
                                                           Orthogonal
                                                             Number of                              GENESEEQ       reported
             Germline                                                          variants found
 Sample                           PRIME        variants on               control     Cancer type                                             in germline
 ID                                           reported     GENESEE              type                                                                   control                                                  variants     Q PRIME
                                                                targetable range

              Buffy Coat    Colorectal Cancer Sample 1                                      38              29             3

              Buffy Coat    Gastric Cancer          6              11             7 Sample 2
                       Head and Neck
              Buffy Coat                         8              12             3 Sample 3                          Cancer
            Tumor
               adjacent                           150             137             2                             Colorectal CancerSample 4                 tissue
            Tumor
                         Non-Small Cell
               adjacent                           27              19             3
Sample 5                Lung Cancer
                 tissue

              Buffy Coat                         4              6              2Sample 6                   Breast Cancer

            Tumor
               adjacent                           5              6              2
Sample 7                   Breast Cancer                 tissue
                           Endometrial
              Buffy Coat                         37              33             3Sample 8                          Cancer
            Tumor
               adjacent                           2              5              3                             Colorectal CancerSample 9
                 tissue

              Buffy Coat                         8              12             2Sample 10                  Breast Cancer
            Tumor
                         Non-Small Cell
               adjacent                           7              6              2
Sample 11               Lung Cancer
                 tissue


      ii.  Accuracy - SNVs and Indels
      Accuracy of variant calls (variants with evidence of clinical significance, hotspot SNVs,
       non-hotspot SNVs, insertions, deletions) was obtained using a comparison between the
       reported results of the GENESEEQPRIME and the predicate (NGS based assay) and was
       determined using positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative prevent agreement
      (NPA) at a variant level. The study included a total of 4789 variants including 4015
      SNVs, 196 insertions, and 570 deletions. Out of 503 FFPE tumor specimens, 423 had


                                                                                 23

both predicate and GENESEEQPRIME results. Overall, the GENESEEQPRIME assay
        yielded concordance analytical performance for variant calls across the SNVs and Indels
       with a PPA ≥ 91.53% and an NPA ≥ 99.00%. Table 11 shows the concordance between
        detected mutations for each category of variants (Variants with evidence of clinical
        significance, variants with potential clinical significance, hotspot, non-hotspot, and
         overall).

Table 11. Concordance for different categories of variants between GENESEEQPRIME and the
 predicate device
                          Analysis
  Variant category                  PPA (n/N) (95%CI)       NPA (n/N) (95%CI)                          category
                                   96.53% (167/173) (92.64%,      99.94% (21811/21823)
                               All
                                               98.4%)                  (99.90%, 99.97%)
    Variants with
                                   96.15% (150/156) (91.86%,      99.95% (17601/17610)
 evidence of clinical       SNVs                                              98.23%)                 (99.90%, 99.97%)     significance
                                                            99.94% (1687/1688) (99.67%,
                              Insertions     100% (4/4) (51.01%, 100%)                                                                         99.99%)
                                 100% (13/13) (77.19%,     99.92% (2523/2525) (99.71%,
                            Deletions                                           100%)                     99.98%)
                                   98.08% (512/522) (96.51%,     99.98% (780573/780758)
   Hotspot variants             All
                                              98.96%)                 (99.97%, 99.98%)
                                   97.89% (464/474) (96.16%,     99.98% (706191/706359)
                     SNVs
                                              98.85%)                 (99.97%, 99.98%)
                                 100% (15/15) (79.61%,        99.99% (20286/20289)
                              Insertions
                                           100%)                  (99.96%, 99.99%)
                                 100% (33/33) (89.57%,        99.97% (54096/54110)
                            Deletions
                                           100%)                  (99.96%, 99.98%)
                                                                      99.99%                                      91.27% (2300/2520)
                               All                                     (1121666711/1121668264)                                            (90.10%, 92.31%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)
Non-hotspot variants
                                                                      99.99%                                      90.08% (1871/2077)
                     SNVs                                      (373440485/373441781)                                            (88.72%, 91.29%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                      99.99%                                   96.15% (100/104) (90.53%,
                              Insertions                                    (374130206/374130280)                                              98.49%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                      99.99%                                   97.05% (329/339) (94.65%,
                            Deletions                                    (374096020/374096203)                                              98.39%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                      99.99%                                      92.19% (2645/2869)
                               All                                     (1122425051/1122426777)
Variants with potential                        (91.15%, 93.12%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)
 clinical  significance
                                                                      99.99%                                      91.23% (2185/2395)
                     SNVs                                      (374129075/374130530)                                            (90.03%, 92.30%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                      99.99%                                    96.52% (111/115) (91.40%,
                              Insertions                                    (374148805/374148881)                                              98.64%)                                                                         (99.99%, 99.99%)


                                                                                  24

99.99%                                97.21% (349/359) (94.95%,
                       Deletions                                    (374147171/374147368)                                          98.48%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%                                  92.44% (2812/3042)
                           All                                     (1120688450/1120690189)                                        (91.45%, 93.33%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
   Overall
                                                                  99.99%                                  91.53% (2335/2551)
                  SNVs                                      (372648833/372650297)                                        (90.39%, 92.55%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%                                    96.64% (115/119)
                         Insertions                                    (374079851/374079928)                                        (91.68%,98.69%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%                                   97.31% (362/372)
                       Deletions                                    (373959766/373959964)                                        (95.12%,98.53%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%
                                   96.43% (108/112)
                     1~5bp                                     (374079866/374079935)                                       (91.18%,98.60%)
                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%
                    6~10bp     100% (5/5) (56.55%,100%)      (374080038/374080042)
                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
  Insertion
                                                                  99.99%
                    11~20bp     100% (2/2) (34.24%,100%)      (374080044/374080045)
                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%
                    21~30bp      N/A% (0/0) (N/A, N/A)        (374080044/374080047)
                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.98%
                                   97.60% (325/333)
                     1~5bp                                     (373959827/373960003)                                       (95.33%,98.78%)
                                                                     (99.97%, 99.98%)
                                                                  99.99%
                                    90.91% (10/11)
                    6~10bp                                     (373960319/373960325)
                                       (62.26%,99.53%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
  Deletion
                                                                  99.99%
                                    95.83% (23/24)
                    11~20bp                                    (373960301/373960312)
                                       (79.76%,99.79%)                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)
                                                                  99.99%
                    21~30bp     100% (4/4) (51.01%,100%)      (373960327/373960332)
                                                                     (99.99%, 99.99%)

iii.  Accuracy - ERBB2 amplification
     In total, 79 different FFPE samples representing eight different tumor types, including
     breast cancer, colorectal cancer, endometrial cancer, stomach cancer, ovarian cancer,
    non-small cell lung cancer, esophagus cancer, and biliary tract cancer, were analyzed
     for concordance between FISH status and GENESEEQPRIME ERBB2 status. Two
    samples did not pass the FISH quality controls due to high background noise and were
    removed from the analysis. Three samples had a positive ERBB2 FISH results but were
     negative for ERBB2 in the GENESEEQPRIME assay. These samples were also found
     to be negative for ERBB2 when tested with an orthogonal NGS method. The PPA and


                                                                              25

NPA values for ERBB2 amplification reflect the totals across borderline and nonborderline samples (Table 12). In non-borderline cases (excluding all cases of a FISH
                ratio 1.5 – 2.5), a PPA of 95.56% (95% CI: 85.14%, 98.77%) and an NPA, PPV, and
         NPV at or above 91.67% (95%CI: 74.15%, 97.68%) (Table 13) was observed.

          When borderline FISH values (1.5–2.5) were excluded, the PPA slightly improved to
             95.56%, with NPA remaining at 100%. Notably, in cases limited to borderline FISH
              values (1.5–2.5), the PPA decreased (66.66%), while NPA stayed at 100%, indicating
               the assay performs more reliably outside borderline ranges.


 Table 12. Summary of concordance between GENESEEQPRIME assay and ERBB2 FISH assay
 results.
                                                          FISH
                                                               Not         Total
                                                        Detected  ERBB2 amplification*                                                detected
                                             Detected      45         0          45
                                          Not                             32
  GENESEEQPRIME                                  3         29                                                detected
                                                 Total       48        29         77
                   PPA                          93.75% (83.16%, 97.85%)
                 NPA                        100% (88.30%, 100%)
                 OPA                          96.10% (89.16%, 98.67%)
 *Cancer types include breast cancer (n=48), colorectal cancer (n=12), endometrial cancer (n=4), stomach cancer (n=4),
 ovary cancer (n=3), NSCLC (n=3), esophagus cancer (n=2), and biliary tract cancer (n=1).


 Table 13. Summary of concordance between GENESEEQPRIME assay and ERBB2 FISH borderline
 assay results.
  Category       Total   TP   FP   FN TN   PPA (95% CI)  NPA (95% CI) PPV (95%   NPV (95%
                  cases                                                          CI)            CI)
  All Cases      77     45    0    3   29    93.75%       100%       100%        90.63%
                                                (83.16%,       (88.30%,       (92.13%,      (75.78%,
                                             97.85%)       100%)        100%)        96.76%)
  Excluding     67     43    0    2   22    95.56%       100%       100%        91.67%
 FISH 1.5-2.5                                   (85.17%,       (85.13%,       (91.80%,      (74.15%,
                                             98.77%)       100%)        100%)        97.68%)
  Excluding     75     45    0    3   27    93.75%       100%       100%       90% (74.38%,
 FISH 1.8-2.2                                   (83.16%,       (87.54%,       (92.13%,      96.54%)
                                             97.85%)       100%)        100%)
  Only FISH    10     2     0    1   7     66.66%       100%       100%        87.5%
  1.5-2.5                                        (20.77%,       (64.57%,       (32.23%,      (52.91%,
                                             98.29%)       100%)        100%)        99.36%)
  Only FISH    2      0     0    0   2   NA         100%      NA         100%
  1.8-2.2                                  (NA)           (32.24%,      (NA)          (32.24%,
                                                      100%)                    100%)
TP – True Positive, FP – False Positive, FN – False Negative, TN – True Negative


                                                                                       26

In addition to comparing the analytical performance of the GENESEEQPRIME assay
              to results of the medically established method, the results were also compared to the
              predicate device results. A total of 34 ERBB2 positive samples representing seven
               different tumor types including, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, endometrial cancer,
             ovarian cancer, esophagus cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, and gallbladder cancer,
            were used  in  this concordance  study  to  detect ERBB2  amplifications. ERBB2
              amplifications were detected in 32 out of 34 samples in both the GENESEEQPRIME
             assay and the orthogonal device. Two samples with ERBB2 amplifications were
              detected but were not reported by the orthogonal device due to a difference in reporting
              thresholds between the two devices. Out of a total of 423 samples, 421 samples
            (99.53%) showed an agreement between the GENESEEQPRIME assay and the
             orthogonal  device.  The  concordance  between GENESEEQPRIME  assay  and
            comparator NGS-based assay in detected ERBB2 amplifications is shown in Table 14
             below.

Table 14. Comparison of ERBB2 amplification for GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal NGS device
                                             Orthogonal device
      ERBB2 Amplification*
                             ERBB2    ERBB2 (-)        Total
                                          (+)
                  ERBB2 (+)      32           2            34
 GENESEEQPRIME  ERBB2 (-)       0          389           389
                           Total        32          391           423
      PPA (2-sided 95% CI)             100% (89.28%, 100%)
     NPA (2-sided 95% CI)              99.49% (98.15%, 99.86%)
     OPA (2-sided 95% CI)              99.53% (98.29%, 99.87%)
 *Cancer type for samples determined as positive for ERBB2 amplification by either assay includes breast (n=27),
 colorectal (n=2), endometrial (n=1), ovary (n=1), esophagus (n=1), lung-NSCLC (n=1), and gallbladder(n=1).

            iv.  Accuracy - Gene translocation concordance (ALK)
       A total of 20 FFPE samples from four tumor types, including non-small cell lung cancer,
             renal carcinoma, colorectal cancer, and lung adenocarcinoma, were included in the
              analysis. Out of nine ALK positive samples, eight were detected for ALK translocations
            using both FISH and the GENESEEQPRIME assay. One ALK positive sample by FISH
          was not reported as positive by the GENESEEQPRIME assay due to a low number of
            supporting reads. The concordance between GENSEEQPRIME assay and FISH is shown
             in Table 15.

Table 15. Summary of concordance between GENESEEQPRIME assay and ALK FISH assay
results.
                                                        FISH
 ALK Translocation*                        ALK (+)   ALK (-)        Total
                              ALK (+)      8          1           9


                                                                                      27

ALK (-)                             11
                                                 1         10
 GENESEEQPRIME                                              Total       9         11          20
                  PPA                          88.89% (56.50%, 99.43%)
                NPA                          90.91% (62.26%, 99.53%)
                OPA                          90.00% (69.9%, 97.21%)
 *Cancer types include NSCLC (n=15), renal carcinoma (n=3), colorectal cancer (n=1), and lung adenocarcinoma (n=1).

             In addition, a total of 10 ALK positive samples representing three different tumor types
             including, non-small cell lung cancer, renal cancer, and colorectal cancer, were used to
             assess the concordance of the GENESEEQPRIME assay to NGS based predicate device
             to detect ALK translocations. ALK translocations were detected in nine out of 10 samples
             in both the GENESEEQPRIME and the orthogonal comparator. One sample had an ALK
             translocation that was unreported by GENESEEQPRIME due to assay cutoff below the
          6 reads required for reporting in GENESEEQPRIME. Further investigation into the
             analysis pipeline shows that the translocation event was detected by GENESEEQPRIME
               at only 5 alternate reads. The concordance results are shown in Table 16.

Table 16. Comparison of ALK translocation for GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal device
                                                           Orthogonal device
            ALK Translocation*               ALK (+)     ALK (-)
                                                                                        Total

                             ALK (+)
                                                   9             0         9
     GENESEEQPRIME         ALK (-)                                                   1            413       414

                                          Total           10            413       423
                 PPA                          90.00% (59.59%, 99.49%)
                NPA                        100% (99.08%, 100%)
                OPA                          99.76% (98.67%, 99.99%)
 *Cancer type for samples tested positive for gene translocations by either assay includes lung-NSCLC (n=8), renal
 (n=1), and colorectal (n=1).

            v.  Accuracy - Gene translocation concordance (RET)
           Twenty (20) FFPE samples from 4 tumor types (non-small cell lung cancer, thyroid
              cancer, colorectal cancer, and sarcoma) were selected for this analysis. All samples that
            were found to be positive for RET rearrangement using the FISH assay were also
              detected by GENESEEQPRIME (5/5). NPA for the detection of RET rearrangement
           was 66.67% (10/15). Table 17 shows the results of the analysis in a 2 by 2 matrix.

                  It is likely that the false positive detection rate for RET translocation is due to the
              difference in sensitivity in the assays; 3 of the 5 false positive RET translocations were
              detected using three separate NGS methods (GENESEEQPRIME, orthogonal NGS


                                                                                      28

method, biosample repository report) (Table 18). One discordant sample was detected
           by both GEENSEEQPRIME and the biosample repository, but failed QC for the
             orthogonal   method.  Another   discordant  sample  was   detected  by   both
         GENESEEQPRIME and FISH but was not reported as positive by the biosample
              repository method. These additional results suggest that the false positive rate for RET
              translocation  might  be  due  to  the  differences  in  sensitivity  between  the
         GENESEEQPRIME assay and FISH, with fewer supporting reads compared  to
               traditional FISH assays.

Table 17. Summary of concordance between GENESEEQPRIME assay and RET FISH assay results.
                                                                FISH
  RET Translocation*                                                       RET (-)           Total                                            RET (+)
                                   RET (+)        5          5             10
                                    RET (-)                                  10 GENESEEQPRIME                                     0          10
                                                  Total         5          15            20
                    PPA                          100% (56.55%, 100%)
                  NPA                            66.67% (41.71%, 84.82%)
                  OPA                            75.00% (53.13%, 88.81%)
 *Cancer types include NSCLC (n=11), thyroid cancer (n=6), colorectal cancer (n=2), and sarcoma (n=1).


Table 18. Detection status of RET translocations in 5 discordant FFPE samples using 3 NGS methods
                                                              Orthogonal
                                                                                     Biorepository
                      RET     GENESEEQPRIME     method gene   Sample     Cancer                                                              gene
                      FISH Test   gene translocation Call    translocation     ID        Type                                                                  translocation
                              Result                                    Call                                                                                                             call
                                                                      Detected
                                             Detected RET:       RET-RET (21                LungSample 1                  Negative     exon6~RET: exon12        supporting      Not detected           NSCLC
                                          (23 supporting reads)          reads)

                                            Detected CCDC6:                           Detected                LungSample 2                  Negative     exon1~RET: exon12      Failed QC       CCDC6:exon1           NSCLC
                                          (84 supporting reads)                     ~RET:exon12

                                                                    Detected
                                            Detected NCOA4:     NCOA4- RET       Detected
  Sample 3     Thyroid      Negative     exon7~RET: exon12      (186           NCOA4:exon7
                                        (239 supporting reads)    supporting reads)   ~RET:exon12


                                                                                      29

Detected
                                            Detected NCOA4:     NCOA4-            Detected
  Sample 4    Colorectal    Negative     exon7~RET: exon12    RET (60        NCOA4:exon9
                                        (549 supporting reads)    supporting reads)   ~RET:exon12


                                                                    Detected
                                           Detected NCOA4:     NCOA4-            Detected
  Sample 5    Colorectal    Negative     exon7~RET: exon12    RET (21        NCOA4:exon9
                                        (172 supporting reads)    supporting reads)   ~RET:exon12


              In addition, a total of 10 RET positive samples representing five different tumor types
               including,  non-small  cell  lung  cancer,  thyroid  cancer,  colorectal  cancer, and
              neuroendocrine tumor, were used to compare the results of the GENESEEQPRIME
              assay to the results of the validated orthogonal NGS assay (predicate device) to detect
          RET translocations. The GENESEEQPRIME detected RET translocations in seven out
              of seven samples that were positive by the orthogonal NGS comparator (Table 19).
             Three samples with RET translocations reported by GENESEEQPRIME were negative
               for RET gene translocation in the orthogonal device report.

Table 19. Comparison of RET translocation for GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal device
                                                            Orthogonal device
             RET Translocation*                   Gene      No gene
                                                                                        Total
                                                             translocation   translocation
                                     Gene
                                                    7            3          10
                                             translocation
       GENESEEQPRIME         No gene                                                    0           413        413
                                             translocation
                                              Total          7           416        423
                  PPA                        100% (64.57%, 100%)
                 NPA                         99.28% (97.90%, 99.75%)
                 OPA                         99.29% (97.94%, 99.76%)
 *Cancer type for samples tested positive for gene translocations by either assay includes lung-NSCLC (n =4),
 thyroid (n =2), colorectal (n =2), neuroendocrine tumor (n =1), and sarcoma (n =1).

            vi.  Accuracy - Gene translocation concordance (ROS1)
          The accuracy of the GENESEEQPRIME assay for calling ROS1 translocation of samples
                is evaluated in comparison to the orthogonal method (ROS1 FISH). Eight (8) out of 8
         ROS1 positive samples and 10 out of 10 negative RET samples were concordant between
             the GENESEEQPRIME and FISH assay. No samples failed for either assay. PPA of
         ROS1 gene translocation is found to be 100% (8/8). Negative variant call concordance is
         100% (10/10). Table 20 shows the results of the analysis in a 2 by 2 matrix. The results
           from the above assessment show that the GENESEEQPRIME is highly concordant to


                                                                                      30

FISH results for detecting ROS1 translocations.

Table 20. Summary of concordance between GENESEEQPRIME assay and ROS1 FISH assay
results.
                                                        FISH
 ROS1 Translocation*                        ROS1 (+)   ROS1 (-)        Total
                               ROS1 (+)      8          0           8
                                ROS1 (-)                             10
 GENESEEQPRIME                                0         10

                                              Total       8         10          18
                  PPA                        100% (67.56%, 100%)
                NPA                        100% (72.24%, 100%)
                OPA                        100% (82.41%, 100%)
 *Cancer type include NSCLC (n=18).

              In addition, ROS1 positive samples representing two different tumor types including,
              non-small lung cancer and breast cancer, were used to evaluate concordance between
               the GENESEEQPRIME assay and the orthogonal validated NGS comparator assay to
               detect ROS1 translocations. For ROS1 translocations, comparisons between the assays
           show a PPA of 100% for ROS1 (6/6) translocations, as well as an NPA of 99.28%
              (414/417) (Table 21). ROS1 positive FISH results were obtained for two of the three
             samples with discordant results.

Table 21. Comparison of ROS1 translocation for GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal device
                                                            Orthogonal NGS Comparator
             ROS1 Translocation                   Gene      No gene       Total
                                                             translocation    translocation
                                   Gene
                                                    6            3          9                                           translocation
      GENESEEQPRIME         No gene                                                    0            414        414                                           translocation
                                            Total            6            417        423
                  PPA                        100% (60.97%, 100%)
                NPA                          99.28% (97.91%, 99.76%)
                OPA                          99.29% (97.94%, 99.76%)
 *Cancer type for samples tested positive for gene translocations by either assay includes lung-NSCLC (n=8) and
 breast cancer (n=1)


           vii. Gene translocation concordance (NTRK1)
        A total of four (4) NTRK1 positive samples representing two different tumor types
        including,  colorectal  cancer,  were  used  to  assess  the  analytical  accuracy  of  the


                                                                                      31

GENESEEQPRIME assay to detect NTRK1 translocations. GENESEEQPRIME assay results
      were compared to validated orthogonal NGS assay. For NTRK1 translocations, comparisons
      between the assays show a PPA of 100% for NTRK1 (3/3) translocations, as well as an NPA
      99.76% (419/420) (Table 21). One sample was reported positive by GENESEEQPRIME that
      was  reported  negative  for NTRK1  translocation by  the  orthogonal  comparator. The
       concordance between the detected NTRK1 translocations is shown in Table 22.

Table 22. Comparison of NTRK1 translocation for GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal device
                                                           Orthogonal NGS Comparator
           NTRK1 Translocation                  Gene      No gene
                                                                                       Total                                                           translocation   translocation
                                  Gene
     GENESEEQPRIME                            3            1         4                                         translocation
                            No gene
                                                   0           419        419
                                         translocation
                                          Total           3           420        423
                 PPA                        100% (43.85%, 100%)
                NPA                          99.76% (98.66%, 99.99%)
                OPA                          99.76% (98.67%, 99.99%)
 *Cancer type for samples tested positive for gene translocations by GENESEEQPRIME include colorectal cancer
 (n=3) and sarcoma (n=1).


           viii.  Accuracy - MSI status concordance
          The accuracy of the GENESEEQPRIME assay for calling MSI status of samples is
            evaluated in comparison to the orthogonal method, validated IHC test. A total of 92
           samples were used for this analysis, of which 44 were colorectal, 22 of endometrial, 6 of
           stomach cancer, 2 of cervix, melanoma, skin, bladder, and thyroid, 1 of prostrate, kidney,
             pancreas, NSCLC, ovary, breast, hand and neck, and small intestine cancer. No samples
              failed QC for either assay. The positive agreement of GENESEEQPRIME in detecting
              microsatellite instability in comparison to IHC results is 97.50% (39/40). Negative
           agreement for the two assays is 90.38% (47/52). Table 23 shows the results of the
             analysis in a 2 by 2 matrix.

            Furthermore,  analysis was  performed  to examine  the  concordance  to IHC  of
        GENESEEQPRIME for specifically colorectal cancer and endometrial cancer samples,
             as these two tumor types tend to be over- represented in the MSI high population.
            Separating the samples based on cancer type reveals that CRC and endometrial cancer
            types had an over agreement of 98.48%, while other cancer types had an overall
           agreement  of  80.77%. One  case  of  false  positive MSI was  detected  in  the
           CRC/endometrial samples. This sample had a score of 19.64%, which is close to the
             cutoff of 16%.


                                                                                      32

Table 23. Summary of concordance between GENESEEQPRIME assay and IHC/dMMR assay
 results.
                                              IHC
 MSI status*                  dMMR   Not detected        Total
                      MSI-H         39          5            44
 GENESEEQPRIME      MSS          1          47            48
                              Total          40          52            92
             PPA                      97.50% (87.12%,99.87%)
            NPA                      90.38% (79.39%, 95.82%)
            OPA                      93.48% (86.49%, 96.98%)
    PPA (Only CRC +Endometrial)            100% (89.85%, 100%)
    NPA (Only CRC +Endometrial)           96.88% (84.26%, 99.84%)
    OPA (Only CRC +Endometrial)           98.48% (91.90%, 99.92%)
*Cancer types include colorectal (n=44), endometrial (n=22), stomach cancer (n=6), sarcoma cancer (n=2), cervix cancer
(n=2), melanoma cancer (n=2), skin cancer (n=2), bladder cancer (n=2), thyroid cancer (n=2), prostate cancer (n=1), kidney
cancer (n=1), pancreas cancer (n=1), NSCLC (n=1), ovary cancer (n=1), breast cancer (n=1), hand and neck cancer (n=1),
and small intestine cancer (n=1).

              In addition, 423 samples representing 10 different tumor types including, colorectal
               cancer, endometrial cancer, cervical cancer, gastric cancer, skin cancer, thyroid cancer,
              bladder cancer, melanoma, and brain-glioma, were part of the study samples used to
               assess the concordance of the GENESEEQPRIME assay to the predicate device to
               detect MSI status. To ensure only samples with reliable MSI calls were included in this
                analysis, samples with an “Indeterminate” result for MSI status were removed.
            Comparing between the MSI status of all samples using GENESEEQPRIME and the
              orthogonal assay results showed a PPA of 96.77% (30/31) and an NPA of 97.67%
              (377/386) (Table 24).

              Furthermore, the samples were characterized based on whether or not the tumor type
            was colorectal cancer (CRC) or endometrial cancer. Table 25 shows the concordance
              of MSI calls for GENESEEQPRIME and the orthogonal assay for all samples that
             belong to the CRC or endometrial tumor type. While the PPA achieved 96.15%, 5
              discordant cases were observed. Out of a total of 5 discordant samples, 4 of the samples
              (3 MSI-H and one MSS) had IHC results matching the GENESEEQPRIME MSI call.
            The remaining discordant sample had an MSI score of 19.64% (near the threshold of
            16%).

Table 24. Comparison of MSI status for GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal device
                                                          Orthogonal device
               MSI
                                    MSI-H    MSS     Indeterminate     Total
                       MSI-H          30        9           1           40
                     MSS           1        377          1          379


                                                                                      33

GENESEEQPRIME       Indeterminate        0         4           0           4
                                Total           31        390          2          423
    PPA (without indeterminate samples)                96.77% (83.81%, 99.83%)
   NPA (without indeterminate samples)                97.67% (95.63%, 98.77%)
   OPA (without indeterminate samples)                97.60% (95.64%, 98.69%)
             PPA (All)                          96.77% (83.81%, 99.83%)
           NPA (All)                          96.67% (94.38%, 98.04%)
           OPA (All)                          96.22% (93.94%, 97.66%)
*Cancer type for samples determined to be MSI-H by GENESEEQPRIME include colorectal (n=18), endometrial (n=12),
cervix (n=2), gastric (n=2), sarcoma (n=1), skin (n=1), thyroid (n=1), bladder (n=1), melanoma (n=1), brain-glioma (n=1)

Table 25. Comparison of MSI status for CRC or endometrial cancer samples using
GENESEEQPRIME and orthogonal device
                                                          Orthogonal device
   MSI (CRC or Endometrial cancer)
                                    MSI-H     MSS      Indeterminate       Total
                       MSI-H          25         4            1            30
 GENESEEQPRIME       MSS           1         54           1            56
                            Indeterminate        0          0            0            0
                                Total           26         58           2            86
    PPA (without indeterminate samples)                 96.15% (81.11%, 99.8%)
   NPA (without indeterminate samples)                93.10% (83.57%, 97.29%)
   OPA (without indeterminate samples)                94.05% (86.81%, 97.43%)
             PPA (All)                          92.59% (76.63%, 97.94%)
           NPA (All)                          91.53% (81.65%, 96.33%)
           OPA (All)                          91.86% (84.14%, 96.00%)
* Cancer type for samples determined to be MSI-H by orthogonal device include colorectal (n=17) and endometrial
(n=9). Cancer type for samples determined to be MSI-H by GENESEEQPRIME include colorectal (n=18) and
endometrial (n=12).


           ix. TMB Accuracy
           The GENESEEQPRIME assay reports a TMB score calculated based on the detected
            sequence mutations and indels across the entire coding region of interest per sample.
          Tumor mutational burden scores as determined by GENESEEQPRIME and an
               alternative NGS method were compared for 423 samples. GENESEEQPRIME assay
              calculates the TMB score by removing variants classified as germline variants and wellknown drivers of mutations from the total detected variant count for each sample. Only
              variants above 2% variant allele frequency are included in this count. The TMB score
                 is then reported as the normalized variant count per megabase of coding region. The
            concordance of the scores is measured using the Pearson correlation (Pearson = 0.9428,
             Figure 5). A linear regression analysis shows that the samples show a very high linear


                                                                                      34

correlation (slope = 1.1) between the GENESEEQPRIME and the orthogonal assay
          when evaluating TMB for the same sample.


Figure  5.  Scatterplot  displaying  the  correlation  between  the  estimated TMB  score  from
GENESEEQPRIME and the orthogonal method. Units for both assays are in mutations per megabase
of targetable region for that panel.

        TMB Accuracy - Comparison to WES
        TMB score concordance between GENESEEQPRIME and the WES orthogonal method
              are measured through the Pearson correlation coefficient. A total of 208 FFPE specimen
            were selected to undergo both GENESEEQPRIME sequencing and whole exome
            sequencing for TMB score determination, with matched FFPE specimens from 3 tumor
              types, including lung adenocarcinoma (n = 117), lung squamous cell carcinoma (n =
              12), and colorectal cancer (n = 79). Both assays were run with tumor and matched
            normal samples to eliminate germline variants from being included in the TMB score.
             Figure 6 shows the relationship of TMB scores estimated by GENESEEQPRIME and
         WES. Correlation between TMB scores determined using the GENESEEQPRIME and
        WES shows Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.9298. Linear regression analysis shows
               that the TMB scores produced by GENESEEQPRIME displays correlation with WES
              analysis with slope = 1.2.


                                                                                      35

Figure 6. Tumor mutation burden scores measured by GENESEEQPRIME compared to whole exome
sequencing with matched normal samples.

       b) Wild-type variant calls
           In this analysis, the GENESEEQPRIME assay was evaluated for its ability to detect wildtype variants across 15 genes and 52 clinically significant loci, using results from a
           predicate  device   as   the   reference   standard.  Across  167   clinical  samples,
       GENESEEQPRIME demonstrated a PPA of 96.53% and an NPA of 99.93% for wild-type
           variant calls, with an OPA of 99.79% (Table 26). These high concordance metrics
          underscore the assay’s analytical robustness in distinguishing both variant and wild-type
             calls.

Table 26. Performance metrics of wild type variant calls using GENESEEQPRIME

               Total
 Orthogonal              True      False      False     True     PPA     NPA     OPA                cases
 Method                    Positive   Positive   Negative   Negative  (95% CI)  (95% CI)  (95% CI)              sample

                                                           96.53%    99.93%    99.79%
 Predicate                167       167      12        6       8499     (92.64%,   (99.85%,   (99.67%,
 Assay                                                              98.40%)   99.97%)   99.87%)


                                                                                      36

3.  Reproducibility Study
      a) Interlaboratory reproducibility study
        Three molecular diagnostic testing laboratories in the United States were enrolled in the
          interlaboratory reproducibility validation of GENESEEQPRIME. Tumor types considered
          in this analysis include: 1) non-small cell lung cancer, 2) breast cancer, 3) colorectal cancer,
         4) melanoma, 5) skin cancer, 6) thyroid cancer, 7) head & neck cancer, 8) esophageal
          cancer, 9) endometrial cancer, 10) prostate cancer, 11) ovarian cancer, 12) bladder cancer,
        and 13) stomach cancer. A total of 28 samples were selected. These selected samples
          represent a cohort of clinically relevant variants, translocations, ERBB2 amplification, and
         both MSI-high and MSS samples. Samples were selected to span a range of variant allele
          frequencies, including those at 1X–1.5X the established LOD. A total of 671 SNVs, 23
           insertions, and 121 deletions were found in the samples. At least one sample was selected
          for presence of each of the translocations of interest (ALK translocation, RET translocation,
       ROS1  translocation, NTRK1  translocation)  or ERBB2  amplification. Samples were
          distributed to three laboratories across the USA.

         Test conditions involved in determining the reproducibility of the GENESEEQPRIME
         assay are 1) testing site, 2) test operator, 3) variability between replicates, and 4) variability
        between testing days. Each sample will be tested in duplicate by 2 different operators
         across 3 non-consecutive days at each of the 3 independent laboratory sites using a single
           kit lot (2x2x3x3=36 replicates). Reproducibility was assessed in 5 ways; 1) average
          positive and negative agreement of between  all possible replicates within each  test
         condition listed above is used to analyze sources of variance; 2) coefficient of variance of
     TMB score between all replicates within each test condition listed above is used to analyze
         sources of variance; 3) concordance of MSI status calls between all replicates of each
         samples will be used ; 4) positive call rate for variants that are detected in over 50% of
          replicates for each sample (Modal PCR) will be used to determine per specimen
          reproducibility; 5) modal PCR and NCR of variants stratified by allele frequency and
          variant  type  (SNV,  INS,  DEL)  were  determined  to  show  reproducibility  of
      GENESEEQPRIME performance across all levels and types of variants.

              i.      Specimen-level reproducibility
                   First, the degree of variability within each FFPE specimen was evaluated. Detection
                of sequence variations (SNVs and indels) within each replicate of the 28 specimens
             was tallied using the modal positive and negative call rate.

                Results for sample level call rate for all replicates of 28 clinical specimen that
               passed QC are shown in Table 27. A total of 671 unique SNVs, 23 unique insertions,
             121 unique deletions, and 144 indels were identified as part of this analysis. Overall
             modal PCR is 97.46% (16137/16558, range: 92.94% – 100%). Modal NCR is
             94.27% (10506/11144, range: 83.82% – 96.64%). One replicate of Sample 2 was


                                                                                     37

excluded from the analysis because it did not meet the sample-level QC metrics.
            R02 and R16 were found to have no modal PCR due to all detected variants in the
               samples  having  allele  frequencies  below  the  limit  of  detection  of  the
           GENESEEQPRIME  assay,  thus  resulting  in  inconsistent  variant  calls.  In
                conclusion, the average reproducibility of alterations within sample replicates when
               using GENESEEQPRIME assay is 97.35% for modal positive call rate and 93.39%
                 for modal negative call rate.

Table 27. Specimen-level variant call concordance for the GENESEEQPRIME assay
                          Modal Positive Call             Modal Negative Call RateSample    Unique mutations*
                             Rate (n/N) (95% CI)               (n/N) (95% CI)
                            95.35% (1005/1054)              91.54% (249/272)
R01              39          (93.91%,96.47%)                  (87.63%,94.30%)
                                                          94.32% (249/264)
R02              8               -                                 (90.84%,96.53%)
                         100% (34/34)                   96.22% (229/238)
R03              8           (89.85%,100%)                    (92.97%,98.00%)
                         100% (374/374)                  96.64% (690/714)
R04              32          (98.98%,100%)                    (95.05%,97.73%)
                            99.59% (1219/1224)              91.81% (437/476)
R05              50          (99.05%,99.83%)                  (89.00%,93.95%)
                         100% (68/68)                   92.44% (220/238)
R06              9           (94.65%,100%)                    (88.36%,95.16%)
                            96.73% (296/306)                92.02% (219/238)
R07              16          (94.09%,98.22%)                  (87.87%,94.83%)
                            94.41% (321/340)                95.10% (1067/1122)
R08              43          (91.44%,96.39%)                  (93.67%,96.21%)
                            98.47% (837/850)                96.18% (327/340)
R09              35          (97.4%,99.1%)                    (93.57%,97.75%)
                         100% (68/68)                   96.08% (490/510)
R10              17          (94.65%,100%)                    (94.02%,97.45%)
                            95.8% (228/238)                 90.20% (184/204)
R11              13          (92.44%,97.7%)                   (85.34%,93.56%)
                         100% (102/102)                  96.61% (427/442)
R12              16          (96.37%,100%)                    (94.48%,97.93%)
                            95.86% (1923/2006)              96.38% (426/442)
R13              72          (94.9%,96.65%)                   (94.20%,97.76%)
                            94.12% (160/170)                94.12% (160/170)
R14              10          (89.51%,96.77%)                  (89.51%,96.77%)
                            83.82% (57/68)                  96.60% (1051/1088)
R15              34          (73.31%,90.72%)                  (95.35%,97.52%)
                                                          87.50% (238/272)
R16              8               -                                 (83.04%,90.92%)


                                                                                     38

100% (68/68)                   83.82% (57/68)
R17              4           (94.65%,100%)                    (73.31%,90.72%)
                            99.51% (203/204)                96.57% (394/408)
R18              18          (97.28%,99.97%)                  (94.32%,97.95%)
                            95.59% (195/204)                95.59% (130/136)
R19              10          (91.83%,97.66%)                  (90.71%,97.96%)
                         100% (306/306)                  95.29% (162/170)
R20              14          (98.76%,100%)                    (90.99%,97.60%)
                            92.94% (158/170)                95.96% (261/272)
R21              13          (88.07%,95.92%)                  (92.90%,97.73%)
                            97.63% (2888/2958)              89.57% (335/374)
R22              98          (97.02%,98.12%)                  (86.06%,92.28%)
                            98.67% (1409/1428)              94.12% (224/238)
R23              49          (97.93%,99.15%)                  (90.37%,96.46%)
                            99.26% (540/544)                95.94% (685/714)
R24              37          (98.12%,99.71%)                  (94.23%,97.16%)
                            99.92% (1223/1224)              89.71% (244/272)
R25              44          (99.54%,100%)                    (85.52%,92.78%)
                         100% (340/340)                  95.75% (293/306)
R26              19          (98.88%,100%)                    (92.87%,97.50%)
                            98.04% (200/204)                93.88% (798/850)
R27              31          (95.07%,99.23%)                  (92.07%,95.30%)
                            95.46% (1915/2006)              84.97% (260/306)
R28              68          (94.46%,96.29%)                  (80.53%,88.54%)
*"Unique mut" indicates the union of all unique mutations from all repeats


              ii.     Panel-wide variant calls
                Reproducibility of variant calls was assessed for all detected variants. In total, 815
               unique mutations were reported by GENESEEQPRIME for the 28 specimens
                 selected. Of the detected variants, 25 were found to have a mean allele frequency
                within 1x to 1.5x the limit of detection (3 hotspot variants, 22 non-hotspot variants).
             26 of the hotspot variants were deemed to be clinically significant variants based on
                the cancer type of the sample of origin. The detailed detection rate of variants in the
                 reproducibility study is provided in the device user manual.

               Table 28 shows the results for modal PCR and NCR for variants when considering
                 variant allele frequency. Variants found to have a mean allele frequency above the
                cut off of either 0%, 2%, 5%, 10% or 15% VAF were included in the group. Overall
             modal PCR is 97.46% (16137/16558, detected average VAF range: 0.4% - 77.06%).
             Modal NCR is 94.27% (10506/11144). Predictably, modal PCR increase for higher
                 variant allele frequency cut offs. In short, variants with allele frequencies above the
          LOD of the GENESEEQPRIME assay are reliably detected. Results for call rate of
              gene translocation, CNV, and MSI are also shown in Table 27. For hotspot variants
              above 2% VAF, only one mutation in one specimen was found in fewer than 50%


                                                                                     39

of its replicates. This variant is expected to be an outlier due to lack of clinical
               evidence supporting targeted drug use. Considering the total number of variants,
           GENESEEQPRIME reliably identified 97.56% of hotspot variants in this sample
                 (40/41). Overall, GENESEEQPRIME shows concordance of > 97% for detection of
                    all positive variants above the reported LOD. In addition, detection of gene
                  translocations, CNVs, and microsatellite status are 100% consistent in this sample
                    set.

Table 28. Consistency of detection for alterations of interest in the GENESEEQPRIME assay
                                                    Mean     Mean    Mean
  Variant    VAF     Unique                                          Allele       Allele     Loci
                        PCR (n/N)   NCR (n/N)
   Type      Level    Mutations                              Frequency   Depth    Depth
                                                         Range     Range    Range
                                  97.46%        94.27%       0.4%-                   113-
         AF≥0%       815                                                 4-1527                                   (16137/16558)   (10506/11144)    77.06%                13236
                                  97.51%        90.36%       2%-                    113-
         AF≥2%       590                                                 5-1527                                   (16080/16490)    (3224/3568)     77.06%                13236
                                  98.9%        81.58%       5.16%-                 113-
    All    AF≥5%       457                                                14-1527                                   (14425/14586)     (775/950)      77.06%               11822
                                  99.24%        81.15%      10.01%-                  113-
         AF≥10%      389                                                24-1527                                   (12349/12444)     (633/780)      77.06%                 2710
                                  99.13%        83.43%      15.06%-                  113-
         AF≥15%      288                                                24-1527                                     (8999/9078)      (594/712)      77.06%                 2710
                               100%         95.14%       0.4%-                   250-
         AF≥0%       26                                                 4-1425                                       (306/306)       (548/576)      52.65%                 2710
                               100%                      10.19%-                  453-  Variants         AF≥2%        9                                      -                     76-1425                                       (306/306)                   52.65%                 2710    with
Evidence of                       100%                      10.19%-                  453-
         AF≥5%        9                                      -                     76-1425  Clinical                              (306/306)                   52.65%                 2710
Significance                      100%                      10.19%-                  453-
         AF≥10%       9                                      -                     76-1425                                       (306/306)                   52.65%                 2710
                               100%                      16.03%-                  453-
         AF≥15%       8                                      -                     81-1425                                       (272/272)                   52.65%                 2710
                                  99.23%        95.99%       0.4%-                   206-
         AF≥0%       266                                                 4-1425                                     (1417/1428)     (7305/7610)     75.84%                 2710
                               100%         67.65%       3.23%-                   267-
         AF≥2%       41                                                17-1425                                     (1360/1360)        (23/34)       75.84%                 2710
  Hotspot                        100%         67.65%       6.1%-                   267-
         AF≥5%       39                                                52-1425  variants                            (1292/1292)        (23/34)       75.84%                 2710
                               100%         67.65%      10.19%-                  267-
         AF≥10%      37                                                52-1425                                     (1224/1224)        (23/34)       75.84%                 2710
                               100%         67.65%      15.07%-                  267-
         AF≥15%      32                                                52-1425                                     (1054/1054)        (23/34)       75.84%                 2710
                                  97.29%        90.58%       2%-                    113-
         AF≥0%       549                                                 5-1527                                   (14720/15130)    (3201/3534)     77.06%                13236
   Non-                                  97.29%        90.58%       2%-                  113-
  hotspot  AF≥2%       549                                                 5-1527                                   (14720/15130)    (3201/3534)     77.06%              13236
  variants
                                  98.79%        82.1%       5.16%-                   113-
         AF≥5%       418                                                14-1527                                   (13133/13294)     (752/916)      77.06%                11822


                                                                                     40

99.15%        81.77%      10.01%-                 113-
         AF≥10%     352                                                24-1527                                  (11125/11220)     (610/746)      77.06%               2437
                                 99.02%        84.22%      15.06%-                 113-
         AF≥15%     256                                                24-1527                                    (7945/8024)      (571/678)      77.06%               2345
                                 97.52%        94.65%       0.4%-                  113-
         AF≥0%      671                                                  4-978                                  (11936/12240)   (10001/10566)    75.84%               13236
                                 97.59%        91.45%       2%-                  113-
         AF≥2%      454                                                  5-978                                  (11879/12172)    (2983/3262)     75.84%              13236
  Single                                 99.28%        82.89%       5.16%-                 113-
nucleotide  AF≥5%      326                                                 18-978                                  (10329/10404)     (562/678)      75.84%               11822
variations
                                 99.29%        82.89%      10.19%-                 113-
         AF≥10%     287                                                 24-978                                    (9014/9078)      (562/678)      75.84%               2498
                                 99.2%        82.89%      15.06%-                 113-
         AF≥15%     218                                                 24-978                                    (6678/6732)      (562/678)      75.84%               2498
                                 97.19%                      3.6%-                  399-
         AF≥0%      23                                     -                     20-1527                                      (760/782)                   77.06%               2026
                                 97.19%                      3.6%-                  399-
         AF≥2%      23                                     -                     20-1527                                      (760/782)                   77.06%               2026
                                 96.92%                      5.24%-                 399-
Insertions   AF≥5%      21                                     -                     27-1527                                      (692/714)                   77.06%               2026
                                 96.88%                     11.77%-                 399-
         AF≥10%      16                                     -                     69-1527                                      (527/544)                   77.06%               2026
                                 96.81%                     15.99%-                 399-
         AF≥15%      12                                     -                     69-1527                                      (395/408)                   77.06%               2026
                                 97.31%        87.37%       1.11%-                 267-
         AF≥0%      121                                                 4-1425                                    (3441/3536)      (505/578)      52.65%               2710
                                 97.31%        78.76%       2.11%-                 267-
         AF≥2%      113                                                12-1425                                    (3441/3536)      (241/306)      52.65%               2710
                                 98.15%        78.31%       5.18%-                 267-
Deletions   AF≥5%      110                                                14-1425                                    (3404/3468)      (213/272)      52.65%               2710
                                 99.5%        69.61%      10.01%-                 285-
         AF≥10%      86                                                37-1425                                    (2808/2822)       (71/102)      52.65%               2710
                                 99.38%        94.12%      15.13%-                 299-
         AF≥15%      58                                                48-1425                                    (1926/1938)        (32/34)       52.65%               2710
                              100%
ERBB2 amplification       5                                      -         N/A      N/A       N/A
                                      (170/170)
    ALK gene                                                                             403-
                        1     100% (33/33)            -         N/A      67-269     translocation                                                                     1114
    RET gene                                                                             896-
                        1     100% (34/34)            -         N/A      14-285     translocation                                                                     1942
    ROS1 gene                                                                  422-
                        1     100% (34/34)            -         N/A                  75-212     translocation                                                           1458
   NTRK1 gene                                                                            533-
                        1     100% (34/34)            -         N/A      28-129     translocation                                                                     1270

             iii.     Potential sources of variance
            To evaluate how different sources of variance may affect the variant calling
                 capabilities of GENESEEQPRIME, precision study samples were tested under
               various testing conditions. At each of the three testing sites, two operators performed


                                                                                     41

duplicate tests for each sample over three non-consecutive sequencing dates. In total,
             34 observations were generated for each of 27 samples and 33 observations were
               generated for one sample. Average positive agreement (APA) and average negative
              agreement (ANA) were used to measure the degree of sameness for each source of
                 variance. TMB concordance is measured using % coefficient of variation (CV).

               Table 29 shows the analysis results for each source of variance. Overall agreement
                 for SNVs,  insertions, and  deletions  is high  for  variants above the LoD of
           GENESEEQPRIME (APA = 97.53% ~ 98.55%, ANA ≥ 99.99%, %CV < 8.18%).
               Larger scale variants such as CNV, gene translocation and sample level metrics such
                as MSI status showed 100% concordance in all pairwise comparisons The residual
              component was found to be the largest contributor to variance among the conditions
                  tested.

Table 29. Interlaboratory reproducibility results for the GENESEEQPRIME assay
                                             Between    Between    Between      Between
                                       Overall
                   Measurement                      sites      operators     days          replicates
 Analysis Type
                                     Value      Value       Value       Value        Value
                              (95% CI)  (95% CI)   (95% CI)   (95% CI)    (95% CI)
                                   92.49%     92.43%     92.28%     93.00%       92.99%
                  APA        (91.98%,    (91.81%,     (91.00%,     (91.46%,      (89.62%,
 Variants with                                     92.96%)    93.01%)     93.40%)     94.29%)      95.33%)
 evidence of clinical
                                   99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99% significance
                 ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                     99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
 Variants with          APA        (99.96%,    (99.94%,     (99.78%,      (99.67%,      (98.68%,
 evidence of clinical                   100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
 significance≥ 1X                   100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
 LOD             ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                  100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
                                   82.90%     82.86%     83.00%     82.98%       83.14%
                  APA        (82.59%,    (82.48%,     (82.25%,     (82.05%,      (81.24%,
                                     83.21%)    83.23%)     83.73%)     83.88%)      84.88%)
 Hotspot variants
                                   99.98%     99.98%     99.98%     99.98%       99.98%
                 ANA        (99.98%,    (99.98%,     (99.98%,     (99.98%,      (99.98%,
                                     99.98%)    99.98%)     99.98%)     99.98%)      99.99%)
                                   99.44%     99.43%     99.50%     99.44%       99.30%
                  APA        (99.37%,    (99.34%,     (99.32%,     (99.19%,      (98.68%,
 Hotspot variants                      99.51%)    99.51%)     99.64%)     99.61%)      99.63%)
 ≥ 1X LOD                          99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                 ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                     99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                   96.25%     96.23%     96.30%     96.32%       96.26%
                  APA        (96.20%,    (96.17%,     (96.17%,     (96.17%,      (95.93%,
 Non-hotspot variants                   96.31%)    96.29%)     96.42%)     96.48%)      96.56%)
                                   99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                 ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                     99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)


                                                                                     42

98.14%     98.12%     98.17%     98.15%       98.25%
                  APA        (98.10%,    (98.07%,     (98.08%,     (98.03%,      (98.01%,
Non-hotspot                          98.17%)    98.16%)     98.27%)     98.27%)      98.46%)
variants ≥ 1X                        99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
LOD             ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                  94.22%     94.19%     94.25%     94.33%       94.28%
                  APA        (94.15%,     (94.1%,     (94.08%,     (94.12%,      (93.84%,
Single nucleotide                     94.29%)    94.28%)     94.42%)     94.54%)      94.68%)
variants                            99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                  97.38%     97.40%     97.42%     97.17%       97.34%
                  APA        (97.17%,    (97.15%,     (96.9%,     (96.49%,      (95.89%,
                                    97.57%)    97.63%)     97.85%)     97.71%)      98.29%)
Insertion
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                  96.70%     96.68%     96.83%     96.68%       96.64%
                  APA        (96.60%,    (96.55%,     (96.57%,     (96.36%,      (95.97%,
                                    96.81%)    96.80%)     97.06%)     96.97%)       97.2%)
Deletion
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                  97.12%     97.15%     97.16%     96.89%       97.08%
                  APA       (96.89%,    (96.87%,      (96.6%,     (96.15%,       (95.49%,
                                   97.33%)    97.4%)       97.64%)    97.49%)       98.12%)
Insertions 1~5bp
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA       (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,    (99.99%,       (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.66%,     (99.5%,    (98.06%,10    (97.09%,1    (89.28%,10
Insertions 5~10bp                    100%)     100%)       0%)        00%)        0%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA       (100%,10   (100%,10   (100%,100    (100%,10    (100%,100
                                  0%)       0%)        %)         0%)        %)
                          NaN%    NaN%     NaN%     NaN%     NaN%
                  APA      (NaN%,N  (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na   (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na
Insertions 11~20bp                  aN%)     aN%)      N%)       aN%)       N%)
                          NaN%    NaN%     NaN%     NaN%     NaN%
                ANA      (NaN%,N  (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na   (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na
                               aN%)     aN%)      N%)       aN%)      N%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA       (99.66%,1   (99.5%,10   (98.06%,10    (97.09%,1    (89.28%,10
Insertions 21~30bp                   00%)       0%)        0%)        00%)        0%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA       (100%,10   (100%,10   (100%,100    (100%,10    (100%,100
                                  0%)       0%)        %)         0%)        %)


                                                                                    43

96.61%     96.58%     96.73%     96.58%       96.54%
                  APA       (96.5%,96   (96.45%,9   (96.47%,96.   (96.25%,9     (95.85%,97.
                                     .71%)      6.71%)      97%)       6.88%)       12%)
Deletions 1~5bp
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA       (99.99%,9   (99.99%,9   (99.99%,99.   (99.99%,9     (99.99%,99.
                                    9.99%)     9.99%)      99%)       9.99%)       99%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA       (99.66%,1   (99.5%,10   (98.06%,10    (97.09%,1    (89.28%,10
Deletions                           00%)       0%)        0%)        00%)        0%)
5~10bp                          100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA       (100%,10   (100%,10   (100%,100    (100%,10    (100%,100
                                  0%)       0%)        %)         0%)        %)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA       (99.83%,1   (99.75%,1   (99.02%,10    (98.52%,1    (94.34%,10
Deletions 11~20bp                    00%)      00%)       0%)        00%)        0%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA       (100%,10   (100%,10   (100%,100    (100%,10    (100%,100
                                  0%)       0%)        %)         0%)        %)
                          NaN%    NaN%     NaN%     NaN%     NaN%
                  APA      (NaN%,N  (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na   (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na
Deletions 21~30bp                  aN%)     aN%)      N%)       aN%)      N%)
                          NaN%    NaN%     NaN%     NaN%     NaN%
                ANA      (NaN%,N  (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na   (NaN%,N   (NaN%,Na
                               aN%)     aN%)      N%)       aN%)      N%)
                                  98.55%     98.53%     98.57%     98.59%       98.68%
                  APA        (98.51%,    (98.49%,     (98.47%,     (98.47%,      (98.44%,
                                    98.59%)    98.58%)     98.66%)      98.7%)       98.89%)
SNVs ≥ 1X LOD
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                  97.25%     97.28%     97.29%     97.03%       97.22%
                  APA        (97.04%,    (97.02%,     (96.75%,     (96.33%,       (95.7%,
Insertion ≥ 1X LOD                   97.45%)    97.52%)     97.75%)     97.61%)      98.21%)
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                                  97.53%     97.51%     97.66%     97.54%       97.51%
                  APA        (97.44%,    (97.39%,     (97.43%,     (97.26%,      (96.92%,
Deletion ≥ 1X LOD                   97.62%)    97.61%)     97.86%)     97.79%)      97.99%)
                                  99.99%     99.99%     99.99%     99.99%       99.99%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.99%,     (99.99%,     (99.99%,      (99.99%,
                                    99.99%)    99.99%)     99.99%)     99.99%)      99.99%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.94%,    (99.92%,     (99.67%,      (99.75%,      (98.04%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
MSI status
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.98%,     (99.91%,      (99.93%,      (99.46%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)


                                                                                    44

100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.93%,    (99.90%,     (99.61%,      (99.70%,      (97.66%,
ERBB2                            100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
amplification                      100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.98%,     (99.91%,      (99.94%,      (99.48%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.64%,    (99.47%,     (97.93%,      (98.44%,      (88.65%,
ALK gene                          100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
translocation                      100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.98%,     (99.93%,      (99.94%,      (99.56%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.66%,    (99.50%,     (98.06%,      (98.53%,      (89.28%,
RET gene                          100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
translocation                      100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.98%,     (99.93%,      (99.94%,      (99.56%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.66%,    (99.50%,     (98.06%,      (98.53%,      (89.28%,
ROS1 gene                         100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
translocation                      100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.98%,     (99.93%,      (99.94%,      (99.56%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
                               100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                  APA        (99.66%,    (99.50%,     (98.06%,      (98.53%,      (89.28%,
NTRK1 gene                        100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)
translocation                      100%     100%      100%       100%       100%
                ANA        (99.99%,    (99.98%,     (99.93%,      (99.94%,      (99.56%,
                                 100%)     100%)      100%)       100%)       100%)

TMB             %CV        8.18%      1.16%      0.54%      0.17%        7.17%


          iv.     Precision of TMB score across replicates
         TMB score was estimated for each of the 28 FFPE samples by dividing the total
              count  of  non-driver somatic mutations by  the  total  evaluable exon  length.
               Coefficient of variance (%CV) was used to measure the degree of variation across
                replicates for each sample, and median %CV across all samples was used to quantify
               the overall variation across this sample set. Mean TMB for the 28 FFPE specimens
              ranged from 0.31 mut/Mb to 109.54 mut/Mb, including samples with TMB scores
               near the analytical borderline at the LOB (1.1mut/Mb). Overall variance in TMB
               across all sample is 8.18%, which is 7.66% when excluding samples with mean
         TMB below LOB. Table 30 shows the detailed results from all replicates of the
           FPFE specimens.


                                                                                    45

Table 30. TMB score consistency across all repeats
                 No. of       SD of      Mean      Range of
     Sample ID                           % CV
                   Replicates   TMB     TMB     TMB
    R01        34              1.24         45.97        43.4-48.6        2.7

    R02        33              0.72         1.44          0-3.2           50.10
    R03*       34              0.67         0.31          0-2.1           212.10
    R04        34              1.02         16.62        15.9-19         6.16
    R05        34              1.43         44.52        42.3-47.6       3.22
    R06        34              0.68         2.29          1.1-4.2         29.56
    R07        34              1.15         13.72        11.6-15.9       8.35
    R08        34              1.28         10.63        8.5-13.7        12.01
    R09        34              0.92         29.47        28.6-31.7       3.14
    R10        34              0.63          3.5           3.2-5.3         18.07
    R11        34              0.78         9.77          8.5-10.6       8
    R12        34              0.75         3.51          3.2-5.3         21.29
    R13        34              1.68         75.32        70.9-78.3       2.24
    R14        34              1.33         7.24          4.2-9.5         18.42
    R15        34              1.35         5.93          4.2-9.5         22.73
    R16*       34              0.82         0.95          0-3.2           85.65
    R17        34              0.48         2.26          2.1-3.2         21.31
    R18        34              0.56         7.69          7.4-8.5          7.32
    R19        34              0.7          7.15          5.3-8.5          9.77
    R20        34              0.59         11.73        10.6-13.7       5.03
    R21        34              1.12         9.59          7.4-11.6         11.7
    R22        34              1.93         109.54       106.8-113.1     1.76
    R23        34              1.95         54.08        48.6-57.1       3.61
    R24        34              1.29         18.78        16.9-22.2       6.85
    R25        34              1.33         56.78        55-60.3         2.35
    R26        34              0.35         10.72        10.6-11.6        3.3
    R27        34              2.7          10.99        8.5-23.3        24.62
    R28        34              2.04         74.38        70.9-79.3       2.74
   TMB Median CV% (All samples)                                         8.18
   TMB Mean CV% (All samples)                                         21.58
   TMB Median CV% (All samples with the mean TMB greater than LOB)     7.66
   TMB mean CV% (All samples with the mean TMB greater than LOB)       11.78

*Samples R03 and R16 have a mean TMB below the LOB (1.1 Mut/Mb) of GENESEEQPRIME assay.


                                                                                         46

v.     Precision of MSI status across replicates
              Concordance of sample-level MSI status across samples is used to determine the
                 overall reproducibility of microsatellite status reported by GENESEEQPRIME.
                Reproducibility of both microsatellite status and score was evaluated independently
                 for each of the 28 samples. Median %CV of all samples was used to quantify the
                 overall  variation  across  this sample  set. 6 samples were determined  to be
                 microsatellite  instability-high (MSI-H), and  the remaining 22 samples were
                 microsatellite stable (MSS). The range of scores for MSI-H samples is 25.58 –
                75.09. Median overall variance in MSI score across sample replicates is 38.11%
               (Range: 3.59%  - 59.60%). In terms of MSI  status, samples showed 100%
               concordance across all replicates. Table 31 shows the detailed MSI results from all
                 replicates of the FPFE specimens. Only MSI status is given on the final report.

Table 31. MSI Performance in Interlaboratory Reproducibility Study
         Number                      Average MSI
                 MSS    MSI                Standard                Call rate Sample       of                             Score            CV (%)
                      Count    Count                 Deviation             (95%CI)            Replicates
                                                                    100%
  R01        34         0        34       25.58%        2.60      10.17%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R02        33         33        0        6.05%         1.91      31.62%       (89.57%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R03        34         34        0        5.35%         2.18      40.75%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R04        34         34        0        5.84%         2.17      37.15%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R05        34         0        34       56.96%        2.68       4.70%        (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R06        34         34        0        6.05%         2.53      41.85%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R07        34         34        0        7.03%         1.71      24.38%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R08        34         34        0        3.55%         2.02      56.84%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)
                                                                    100%
  R09        34         34        0        4.04%         2.41      59.60%       (89.85%,
                                                                          100%)


                                                                                     47

100%
R10 34 34 5.21% 2.06 39.47% (89.85%,
100%)
100%
RI 34 34 4.56% 191 41.92% (89.85%,
100%)
100%
R12 34 34 5.18% 1.94 37.37% (89.85%,
100%)
100%
R13 34 34 77.10% 3.40 4.41% (89.85%,
100%
R14 34 34 5.13% 2.00 38.91% (89.85%,
100%
RIS 34 34 6.80% 2.74 40.27% (89.85%,
100%
R16 34 34 3.11% 1.85 59.47% (89.85%,
100%
RIT 34 34 4.50% 2.05 45.64% (89.85%,
100%
RIS 34 34 7.09% 2.59 36.55% (89.85%,
100%
RIO 34 34 4.56% 71 37.48% (89.85%,
100%
R20 34 34 5.11% 1.85 32.38% (89.85%,
100%
R21 34 34 9.11% 2.35 25.83% (89.85%,
100%)
100%
R22 34 34 76.40% 2.94 3.85% (89.85%,
100%)
100%
R23 34 34 55.81% 3.15 5.64% (89.85%,
100%)
100%
R24 34 34 6.35% 2.46 38.74% (89.85%,
48

100%
   R25        34         34        0        5.20%         2.16      41.64%       (89.85%,
                                                                           100%)
                                                                     100%
   R26        34         34        0        5.22%         2.25      43.17%       (89.85%,
                                                                           100%)
                                                                     100%
   R27        34         34        0        3.76%         2.00      53.31%       (89.85%,
                                                                           100%)
                                                                     100%
   R28        34         0        34       75.09%        2.70       3.59%        (89.85%,
                                                                           100%)


       b) Lot to Lot Precision
          Three lots in total were prepared for this comparison. Five FFPE samples with mutations
          near the established limit of detection were evaluated. The tumor mutation burden for
          samples ranged from 1.1 to 332 mut/mb. The selected samples have a variety of point
           mutations, insertions, deletions, ERBB2 amplification status, microsatellite status, and RET
            translocation. Each sample was tested in triplicate using all three kit lots (5 sample * 3
            replicates * 3 kit lots = 45 replicates). Pairwise comparisons were made between all
            replicates of each individual samples by comparing two kit lots at a time. ERBB2
           amplification and RET translocations are classified as concordant  if both lots being
         compared made the same call. All samples were sequenced on the same instrument by the
         same operator.

         The overall APA of panel wide (SNVs and indels) variants was ≥ 98.11% (Table 32). The
           overall ANA did not fall below 99.99%. Concordance of ERBB2 amplification, MSI status,
         and RET translocation was 100% across all lot comparisons. For TMB, the range of %CV
         from each pairwise comparison was found to be 1.55~2.46% (Table 33).


Table 32. Agreement for panel wide variants (SNVs + Insertions + Deletions)
 Lot
 comparison APA   95% CI  n/N     ANA   95% CI  n/N
                       (98.15%,                       (99.99%,
 L1 v L2     98.48%  98.75%)   6414/6513  99.99%  99.99%)   394572468/394572567
                       (98.47%,                       (99.99%,
 L2 v L3     98.77%  99.01%)   6436/6516  99.99%  99.99%)   394572484/394572564

                       (97.75%,                       (99.99%,
 L3 v L1     98.11%  98.41%)   6384/6507  99.99%  99.99%)   394572450/394572573


                                                                                      49

Table 33. Coefficient of variance for TMB
 Lot comparison   Average %CV
 L1 v L2                 2.46%
 L2 v L3                 1.55%
 L3 v L1                 2.46%

   4.  Detection Limits: Limit of Detection
        a)   SNVs, insertions and deletions
          The limit of detection of SNVs, insertions, and deletions were defined by the lowest
           measured median allele frequency at which 95% of repeats detected the variant in
             question. The mean allele frequency is obtained from the AFs of all the repeats where
             the variant of interest is detected. Three cell line standards were used to establish the limit
             of detection and validated with 7 FFPE samples. Target levels for detection were first
             established using 3 cell line samples. Samples were serially diluted into 5 tiers and 20
              replicates.

       A total of 461 unique variants were called across 4 categories (Hotspot SNVs, Nonhotspot SNVs, Insertions, and Deletions) (Table 34). The established LOD for hotspot
             single nucleotide variants is at 2.33% allele frequency. The established LOD for nonhotspot single nucleotide variants is at 3.60% allele frequency. The established LOD for
              insertions and deletions are at 2.82% and 5.32% allele frequency, respectively. Insertions
           and deletions were also categorized according to genomic context. Indels within a
          homopolymer region show an average VAF of 6.98% (range: 2.70% ~ 15.18%), while
             detected indels outside of these regions show a mean VAF of 3.15% (range: 0.89% ~
            6.36%). Clinical FFPE samples were used to confirm the results under the established
         LOD. Table 35 shows the limit of detection for representative variants found in the FFPE
            samples.

Table 34. Established LoD VAF of representative SNV, INS, and DEL variants
                              Mean of VAF    Unique cell  Mean of     Unique clinical cases
                    Established mean  Variant type                         range             line       VAF range    variants in the
             VAF Range                                                           variants     (FFPE)       established range
 HS SNVs         1.15% - 6.73%       2.33%          26        2.14%            22
 NHS SNVs       2.23% - 10.13%      3.60%         384       2.95%           265
  Insertions         0.93% - 6.37%       2.82%          9        2.93%            4
  Deletions         0.89% - 15.18%      5.32%          42        5.44%            9
  Indels at
 homopolymer      2.70% - 15.18%      6.98%          25        7.94%            5
  context*
  Indels not at
 homopolymer      0.89% - 6.36%       3.15%          26        2.62%            8
  context
*Homopolymer context - a region containing ≥ 5 consecutive identical nucleotides.


                                                                                      50

Table 35. Analytical sensitivity of representative SNV, insertion, and deletion variants in FFPE
samples
                           Variant             Mean    DP    AD
 Gene   AA change       type     AF range   AF        range    range       Call Rate
                                  1.4% -                1515 -    22 -23     100%
 ERBB2  Y772_A775dup   INS       1.46%      1.43%     1592                   (20/20)
                                  5.25% -               530 -     29 -29     100%
 KMT2B  P2259Sfs*44     INS       5.47%      5.33%     552                    (20/20)
                                  2.34% -               688 -     17 -20     100%
 RAD51  G45Wfs*20      INS       2.71%      2.45%     738                    (20/20)
                                     2.45%-                         15 -15     100%
 GATA   H333dup        INS       2.57%      2.51%     584-613                (20/20)
                                  0.75% -               858 -              100%
 EGFR   E746_A750del   DEL      0.82%      0.78%     935      7 - 7         (20/20)
                                  2.32% -               1188 -    28 -30     100%
 CDH1   T467Hfs*15    DEL      2.4%       2.35%     1248                   (20/20)
                                  7.79% -               975 -     76 -82     100%
 B2M    V69Wfs*34     DEL      8.02%      7.90%     1044                   (20/20)
                          2% -                  1362 -    28 -30     100%
 TP53    R209Kfs*6     DEL      2.14%      2.08%     1438                   (20/20)
                                     2.32%-                         16 -17     100%
 APC    R1450*       SNV      2.45%      2.38%     672-721                (20/20)
                                  1.39% -               973 -     15 -15     100%
 EGFR   L858R        SNV      1.54%      1.47%     1076                   (20/20)
                                     1.38%-                  971-     14 -17     100%
 TP53    Q104*        SNV      1.65%      1.46%     1040                   (20/20)
                                  1.49% -               852 -     13 -16     100%
 PTEN   Q245*        SNV      1.8%       1.63%     901                    (20/20)
                                  2.21% -               771 -     18 -19     100%
 NRAS   G12D        SNV      2.33%      2.29%     823                    (20/20)
                                  1.55% -               1101 -    18 -19     100%
 KRAS   G12C        SNV      1.63%      1.60%     1177                   (20/20)


          The observed sequencing depth (DP), allele depth (AD), variant allele frequency (VAF),
          and average VAF are included. A summary of the established analytical sensitivity for
            the represented SNVs and Indels in FFPE tumor tissue is provided in Table 36 below.

 Table 36. Analytical Sensitivity (LoD VAF) for SNVs and Indels in FFPE Tumor Tissue
                                      Established VAF     Number of Variants in Clinical
             Variant
                                  Range (%)         Cases in the Established Range
           Hotspot SNVs               0.90%-6.47%                    22

        Non-Hotspot SNVs            2.03%-10.07%                   265

               Insertions                 1.43%-5.33%                     4

              Deletions                0.78%-14.17%                    9


                                                                                      51

b)   ERBB2, ALK, RET, ROS1, NTRK1, and MSI
         The established analytical sensitivity confirmed by testing clinical FFPE samples for
            specific translocations, amplifications, and MSI is summarized in Table 37 below.

   Table 37. Analytical Sensitivity (LoD Tumor Purity) of GENESEEQPRIME – Translocations,
    Amplifications, and MSI
                            Confirmed LoD       Positive Call
            Variant                                     Mean Coverage Range
                       Tumor Purity (%)      Rate (%)

        Microsatellite Status            20.00            19/20 (95)           558 - 1791

          ERBB2
                                        5.00            20/20 (100)           739 - 990
          Amplification

          ALK
                                        7.50            20/20 (100)           723 - 990
           Translocation

           RET
                                      10.00            20/20 (100)          679 - 1519
           Translocation

          ROS1
                                        7.50            20/20 (100)          721 - 2044
           Translocation

          NTRK1
                                      15.00            20/20 (100)            594 - 1957
           Translocation

                i.  Translocations
          The limit of detection for four categories of structural variants (ALK translocation, RET
              translocation, ROS1 translocation, and NTRK1 translocation) (Tables 38 ~ 41) was
             investigated. In this section, 4 FFPE samples were diluted to 5 or 6 levels according to
           tumor purity. The 95% detection rate of translocations across 20 replicates for each
             dilution level was used to determine the LOD. The limit of detection for each of the gene
             translocations investigated in GENESEEQPRIME (ALK, RET, ROS1, and NTRK1) are,
             respectively, 7.5%, 10%, 7.5%, and 15% tumor purity.

Table 38. ALK translocation limit of detection
          Tumor       Detected mean
 Gene       Purity        variant reads       Call rate (%)
 ALK          50.00%           196.5        20/20 (100)
 ALK          20.00%            55.5         20/20 (100)
 ALK          10.00%            17.3         20/20 (100)
 ALK          7.50%             18.9         20/20 (100)
 ALK          5.00%             11.8         15/20 (75)


                                                                                      52

Table 39. RET translocation limit of detection
          Tumor       Detected mean
 Gene       Purity        variant reads       Call rate (%)
 RET          50.00%           132.7        20/20 (100)
 RET          20.00%           27          20/20 (100)
 RET          15.00%            23.5         20/20 (100)
 RET          10.00%            13.7         20/20 (100)
 RET          7.50%             12.5         15/20 (75)
 RET          5.00%                n.d.         0/20 (0)
n.d. – Not Detected

Table 40. ROS1 translocation limit of detection
          Tumor       Detected mean
 Gene       Purity        variant reads       Call rate (%)
 ROS1         50.00%           178.7        20/20 (100)
 ROS1         20.00%            41.9         20/20 (100)
 ROS1         10.00%           20          20/20 (100)
 ROS1         7.50%             16.9         20/20 (100)
 ROS1         5.00%             10.3         6/20 (30)

Table 41. NTRK1 translocation limit of detection
                               Detected
             Tumor      mean variant
 Gene           Purity        reads           Call rate (%)
 NTRK1           50.00%          71.1       20/20 (100)
 NTRK1           30.00%          50.5       20/20 (100)
 NTRK1           20.00%          32.6       20/20 (100)
 NTRK1           15.00%          26.3       20/20 (100)
 NTRK1           12.50%          10.1       16/20 (80)
 NTRK1           10.00%            n.d.       0/20 (0)
n.d. – Not Detected


                 ii. ERBB2 Amplification
             Similar to the method for gene translocations, the limit of detection for CNV is
              established at the lowest dilution level with >= 95% call rate for ERBB2 amplification.
          One clinical sample was diluted to 6 dilutions tiers based on pathology-defined tumor
               purity. Each tier contains 20 replicates for a total of 120 samples. The observed the limit
              of detection for ERBB2 amplification is 5% tumor purity (Table 42).


                                                                                      53

Table 42. ERBB2 amplification limit of detection
             Tumor       Detected mean
 Gene           Purity         fold change      Call rate (%)
 ERBB2          50.00%          11.97       20/20 (100)
 ERBB2          20.00%           5.54       20/20 (100)
 ERBB2          10.00%           3.01       20/20 (100)
 ERBB2           5.00%           1.89       20/20 (100)
 ERBB2           4.00%           1.83       18/20 (90)
 ERBB2           2.50%             n.d.        0/20 (0)
n.d. – Not Detected


                iii. Microsatellite Status
              Microsatellite instability LOD was established using three clinical FFPE samples (one
              colorectal cancer, one endometrial cancer, one gastric cancer). The original samples
            were determined to have microsatellite instability, and LOD was determined at the
             lowest tumor purity in which MSI was correctly called in at least 19 out of 20 replicates
          (>=95% call rate). The observed LOD for MSI calls using the GENESEEQPRIME
             assay is 20% tumor purity (Table 43).

Table 43. MSI limit of detection
 Variant     Tumor        Detected mean
 Type          Purity      MSI score         Call rate (%)
              50.00%       70.57%            20/20 (100)
              40.00%       57.95%            20/20 (100)
   MSI-F1    30.00%       41.88%            20/20 (100)
              20.00%       17.48%            19/20 (95)
              10.00%       8.86%             0/20 (0)
              40.00%       35.49%            20/20 (100)
              35.00%       31.97%            20/20 (100)
   MSI-F2    30.00%       28.94%            20/20 (100)
              25.00%       24.59%            20/20 (100)
              10.00%       10.90%            0/20 (0)
              50.00%       44.26%            20/20 (100)
              40.00%       35.66%            20/20 (100)
   MSI-F3    30.00%       26.48%            20/20 (100)
              20.00%       21.39%            19/20 (95)
              10.00%       6.97%             0/20 (0)


                                                                                      54

c)  Tumor Mutation Burden (TMB)
          This portion of analysis used 8 FFPE samples to establish the lowest tumor purity at which
      TMB calls have minimal fluctuation. Each sample was diluted either 4 or 5 times and
          contained at least three repeats in each dilution level. Samples 1, 2, 3, and 8 all had five
            dilutions with five repeats each (n = 25). Sample 4 had four dilutions levels and three
           repeats each (n = 12). Sample 5 had four dilution tiers with five replicates each (n = 20).
         Samples 6 and 7 were both diluted five times each, with three replicates in each dilution
            level (n = 15). In total, 162 replicates were utilized for this portion of analysis. Table 44
         shows the characteristic summary of the samples used in this analysis. From this analysis,
        we conclude that the lowest recommended tumor purity for consistent and robust reporting
           of TMB scores in the assay for FFPE samples is 12% (Figure 7). This falls within the
        minimum sample tumor purity of 20% as recommended by the GENESEEQPRIME assay.

Table 44. TMB calls for FFPE sample replicates ³12% tumor purity
                        %CV of        Number of
    Sample       Undiluted TMB
                                           replicates ³12%     replicates ³12%   Number             score
                               Tumor purity      Tumor purity
       1                 35.0              2.56%               20
       2                130.8            <0.01%               5
       3                 74.1              1.24%               15
       4                 10.3              4.67%               12
       5                 13.4              3.50%               20
       6                 26.8              6.22%               15
       7                 22.7             13.90%              12
       8                 11.3              5.00%               20


                                                                                      55

Figure 7. Fluctuation of average TMB for samples with decreasing tumor purity. The x axis shows
the tumor purity for each replicate in percentage. The y axis shows the average TMB for the replicates,
measured in mutations per megabase. The dotted line denotes the lowest recommended tumor purity
of 12% for consistent TMB scores.

   5.  Detection Limits: Limit of Blank
        To establish a limit of blank for the GENESEEQPRIME assay, we analyzed the specificity
           of variant calls of 42 non-cancerous FFPE samples and 1 reference sample (NA18535).
         The reference cell line was repeatedly sampled 15 times using the GENESEEQPRIME
           assay. FFPE samples were each sequenced using two kit lots to produce two replicates.
         Sample input for FFPE samples is 500ng. A total of 84 replicates for non-cancerous
          samples were evaluated for the presence of SNVs, Indels, ERBB2 amplifications, gene
            translocations, or MSI. No variants were reported in any of the replicates, resulting in a
            specificity of 100%. TMB calls for the cell line samples ranged between 0 and 1.1 mut/mb.
           All replicates reported cell line microsatellite status as MSS. In total, 14 variant was
           detected across 84 FFPE samples (14/84, 16.7%). The detected variants were all classified
           as non-hotspot variants. For both hotspot variants and variants with evidence of clinical
            significance, the false positive rate was determined to be < 0.01% (0/84). The false positive
            rate for insertion and deletion is <0.01% (0/84). All FFPE samples were correctly classified
           as MSS. For non-cancerous FFPE samples, TMB scores ranged from 0 to 2.1 (mean =
            0.21). Two samples were deemed to be false positive based on the established TMB LOB


                                                                                      56

>1.1 mut/mb using FFPE samples (2/84, 2.38%).

   6.  Analytical Specificity:
         a) Interfering Substance
           In this evaluation, the performance of the GENESEEQPRIME assay on variant calling in
           the presence of endogenous or exogenous substances was evaluated. To simulate extreme
          experimental  conditions, 4  interfering substances (Proteinase K, Melanin, Ethanol,
          Adapter) were introduced in excess of normal levels (Table 45). with two levels of
            interfering substance for each for a total of 8 conditions for each sample. A control was
           also established in which no excess interfering substance was added. The analysis
         encompassed triplicate measurements for each combination, resulting in a total of 108
          samples (4 samples x 4 substances x 2 dilutions x 3 replicates + 4 samples x 1 reference
            level x 3 replicates). The reference mutation list only included variants which are present
            in all three replicates of the control sample (sample without any excess substance added).
           Variant calls were compared between the reference mutation list and each replicate of the
          sample with interfering substance added. TMB for each sample will be evaluated according
            to the deviation from the reference TMB using mean absolute percent error. The results
          demonstrated positive percent agreement (PPA) ≥ 95.14% and a negative percent
          agreement (NPA) ≥ 99.99% (Table 46). The mean absolute percentage error (MAPE)
          ranged from 0% to 9.7%, indicating high accuracy for TMB calls across all replicates tested
          (Table 47). The  results show minimal  risk  to assay performance from  interfering
           substances.

Table 45. List of substances assessed
 Substance (abbr.)        Amount in added in excess
 Proteinase K 2X (P1)                   0.04 mg/mL
 Proteinase K 3X (P2)                   0.06 mg/mL
 Ethanol 2.5% (E1)                     2.50%
 Ethanol 5% (E2)                      5.00%
 Adapter 15% (A1)                  15%
 Adapter 30% (A2)                  30%
 Melanin 0.2 μg/mL (M1)                  0.2 μg/mL
 Melanin 1.6 μg/mL (M2)                 1.6 μg/mL

Table 46. Panel wide variants – analyte level
 Substance   PPA    95% CI             n/N      NPA    95% CI
 P1           96.08%  (94.74%, 97.09%)     1029/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)
 P2           96.08%  (94.74%, 97.09%)     1029/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)
 E1           95.99%  (94.64%, 97.01%)     1028/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)
 E2           95.14%  (93.69%, 96.28%)     1019/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)
 A1          96.55%  (95.27%, 97.48%)     1034/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)
 A2          95.70%  (94.32%, 96.76%)     1025/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)


                                                                                      57

M1          95.89%  (94.53%, 96.93%)     1027/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)
 M2          95.24%  (93.79%, 96.36%)     1020/1071    99.99%  (99.99%, 99.99%)


Table 47. TMB score for each sample under different testing conditions
  Sample     Condition           Observed       Absolute        Sample level
                     TMB score    Percent Error     average % error
                                        23.3          4.1%
                Proteinase K 2X         23.3          4.1%             4.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                                        21.1          13.2%
                Proteinase K 3X         23.3          4.1%             7.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                Ethanol 2.5%          23.3          4.1%             4.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                                        24.3          0.0%
                 Ethanol 5%           23.3          4.1%             2.7%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                Adapter 15%           23.3          4.1%             4.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
   F1 (Ref                                        22.2          8.6%
  TMB:24.3                Adapter 30%           22.2          8.6%             8.6%
  mut/Mb)
                                        22.2          8.6%
                                        21.1          13.2%
             Melanin 0.2 μg/mL        23.3          4.1%             7.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                                        21.1          13.2%
             Melanin 1.6 μg/mL        23.3          4.1%             7.1%
                                        23.3          4.1%
                                        77.2          4.0%
                Proteinase K 2X         77.2          4.0%             4.4%
                                        76.1          5.3%
                                        77.2          4.0%
                Proteinase K 3X         76.1          5.3%             4.9%
                                        76.1          5.3%
                                        76.1          5.3%


                                                                                      58

Ethanol 2.5% 5.3%

Ethanol 5% 9.7%
Fa (Ret
TMB: 804

mut/Mb) Adapter 15% 44%

Adapter 30% 5.3%

Melanin 0.2 pg/mL 5.3%

Melanin 1.6 pg/mL 7.9%

Proteinase K 2X 4.8%
TMB:345.0
mut/Mb)

Bthanol 5% 49%

Adapter 15% 5.0%

Adapter 30% 3.5%

Melanin 0.2 pg/mL 4.6%

Melanin 1.6 g/mL 4.3%

59

357.4          3.6%
                                         1.1           0.0%
              Proteinase K 2X          1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
              Proteinase K 3X          1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
              Ethanol 2.5%            1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
               Ethanol 5%            1.1           0.0%             0.0%
 F4 (Ref                                         1.1           0.0%
TMB:1.1
                                         1.1           0.0%mut/Mb)
              Adapter 15%            1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
              Adapter 30%            1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
           Melanin 0.2 μg/mL         1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%
           Melanin 1.6 μg/mL         1.1           0.0%             0.0%
                                         1.1           0.0%


     b) Cross-contamination and carry over
      To examine the presence of cross contamination and sample carry over, DNA was
         extracted from FFPE samples and sequenced in two batches. Tracked mutation positive
         (“positive”) and tracked mutation negative (“negative”) samples were prepared in a 96-
        well plate in a checkerboard pattern. Tracked mutations were defined through droplet
         digital PCR quantification. Cross contamination of samples sequenced in the same batch
       was analyzed using the 24 positive samples and 3 negative samples from batch 1. The study
        screened for presence of known mutations in the results of the negative samples. Sample
        carry-over was analyzed using 24 positive samples from batch 1 and 19 negative samples
       from batch 2. Samples from batch 2 were loaded directly after sequencing batch 1 and
        following recommended cleaning procedures. Similar to the cross-contamination analysis,
        the study screened for presence of known mutations in the negative samples. No tracked
        mutations were observed in the known negative samples in either the same sequencing
        batch or in the subsequent sequencing batch. This shows that the GENESEEQPRIME
        assay has minimal risk of being influenced by cross contamination or sample carryover.


                                                                                    60

c) Necrotic tissue
     A total of 503 sample were collected from a biobank without prior knowledge of the
        necrotic tissue content. Necrosis level was provided by the biobank. To evaluate the impact
        of necrotic tissue content on sample quality, we stratified samples into four categories
       based on their estimated necrosis levels: 0–5%, 5–20%, 21–40%, and 41–53%. The
        proportion of samples in each category that passed QC for GENESEEQPRIME testing was
        assessed. Among the 370 samples with necrosis levels between 0% and 5%, 92.16%
        (341/370) passed QC. For samples with 5–20% necrosis (n = 115), a slightly higher pass
         rate of 94.78% (109/115) was observed. Notably, all samples with higher levels of necrosis
      (21%~40% & 41%~53%) passed QC, yielding a 100% success rate in both groups.

     d) Index hopping
      To assess index hopping  in the GENESEEQPRIME  assay, a controlled  series of
       sequencing runs  incorporating a  synthetic DNA library with a unique  dual-index
        combination, alongside clinical samples and assay controls, was performed. The synthetic
     DNA library contained a non-biological insert flanked by one of five pairs of randomly
        selected indices and was spiked into each run using a distinct index identifier to track
       misassignment events across runs. Detection of synthetic reads in a sample indexed with a
         different identifier than that used in the corresponding run was considered evidence of
        index hopping. 5 sequencing runs were tested, using 27 clinical samples and one contrived
        synthetic sample in each run. Proportion of synthetic reads detected are measured per
       10000 sequencing reads generated. Low-level synthetic read contamination was observed
         in a subset of unrelated samples across all runs, consistent with low-frequency index
        hopping. These off-target synthetic reads were typically present at levels < 0.001% of total
         reads.

7. Sample Stability
     a) FFPE tissue block
        In this study, 21 FFPE clinical samples were utilized, with 50ng of input material taken for
         testing.
      The FFPE samples were stored under appropriate conditions—ambient room temperature
       (15–25 °C), relative humidity below 60%, protected from direct sunlight, and in sealed
         cassettes within temperature-stable cabinets—for varying durations of 1 (T1), 3 (T2), 5
        (T3), or 7 (T4) years. The pass rate of samples tested was 95.24% (20/21). One FFPE
       sample passed all quality metrics at T0, but failed library preparation QC after being stored
         for 7 years. The objective was to analyze and compare the detection of intended variants
        within these samples after storage to the baseline timepoint (T0). At each time point, 3
      FFPE blocks were assessed as biological replicates, and previously assessed samples were
       removed from the selection pool due to limited residual material. A positive percent
       agreement (PPA) over 98%% between baseline and samples was observed at 1, 3, and 5
         years, and a negative percent agreement (NPA) exceeding 99.99% (Table 48). Of the 20
       samples tested, FFPE block samples stored up to 5 years showed highly concordant variant
         calls (PPA > 95%). These findings demonstrate that the GENESEEQPRIME assay
        consistently yields highly concordant results across all timepoints and for all alterations.


                                                                                    61

Based on these results, the GENESEEQPRIME assay can be used with FFPE samples
           stored for less than 5 years to ensure optimal precision and performance.

Table 48. Panel wide variants – analyte level concordance

 Time Point  PPA     95% CI    n/N      NPA     95% CI    n/N
                          (91.67%,                             (99.99%,    21928583/
 T1 (Year 1)  98.44%     99.92%)     63/64      99.99%      99.99%)    21928584
                          (93.17%,                             (99.99%,    21928570/
 T2 (Year 3)  98.73%     99.94%)     78/79      99.99%      99.99%)    21928573
                          (91.90%,                             (99.99%,    21928593/
 T3 (Year 5)  98.48%     99.92%)     65/66     100%       100%)      21928593
                          (84.89%,                             (99.99%,    21928594/
 T4 (Year 7)  94.44%     98.09%)     51/54      99.99%      99.99%)    21928595

       b)  Extracted Nucleic Acid
      DNA was extracted from 10 FFPE samples and sequenced immediately after extraction
          (T0) and after storage for 6, 12 and 14 months. Samples were stored at ≤-20℃ before being
          processed through GENESEEEQPRIME. T0 baseline samples were used as a reference
           point for detected variants, ALK translocation, TMB score, and MSI status. All samples
         were tested using kits from a single lot. At 6 months and 12 months post extraction, we
          observed a 100% concordance rate for detected variants (Table 49; PPA = 100%, NPA =
         100%). TMB scores for each sample after storage for 6 months, 12 months or 14 months all
         show a coefficient of variance of ≤0.79%. EML4~ALK translocations were detected by
       GENESEEQPRIME in all tested repeats of samples 2 and 4. MSI status was 100%
          concordant to baseline status for all samples tested across all timepoints. Positive percent
          agreement for each category of alteration (Panel-wide variants, ALK gene translocation,
        MSI status) remains above 95% throughout the time frame tested. Based on these
           observations, DNA sample storage time of 12 months does not affect the variant calling
            capabilities of GENESEEQPRIME.

Table 49. Panel wide variants (SNVs + Insertions + Deletions) for extracted DNA stability
 Variant
 Category  Time point   PPA (95% CI)           NPA (95% CI)
           6 Month     100% (95.07%, 100%)        100% (99.99%, 100%)
   Overall  12 Month    100% (95.42%, 100%)         99.99% (99.99%, 99.99%)
           14 Month     98.91% (94.10%, 99.94%)      100% (99.99%, 100%)

        8. Guard Banding

         a) DNA input
          Varying amounts of DNA are extracted from FFPE blocks to be used for sequencing.
          Analysis sensitivity was determined by testing 7 FFPE samples in triplicate, resulting in a
             total of 126 samples across 6 input levels: 25 ng, 50 ng, 100 ng, 250 ng, 500 ng, and 1000


                                                                                      62

ng. Mutation calls and mutational burden of each input levels was compared to the
           reference level of 100 ng. Due to the number of replicates, TMB for each replicate is
         compared to mean TMB score of the reference.

         The analysis revealed that PPA across all detected variants is >95% positive percent
          agreement for DNA input level ≥ 50ng with a minimum NPA of 99.99% (Table 50).
           Additionally, hotspot SNVs were found with 100% concordance for 50 ng, 250 ng, and
         1000 ng input levels (Table 51). In general, PPA increased as the input DNA amount
           increased across all variant categories tested. The mean absolute percent error for TMB
         was found to be less than 8.91% (Table 52). An exception was Case 6, where the MAPE
          ranged from 16.67%-24.07%, likely due to its low absolute TMB values (1.1-2.1 mut/Mb),
         which can magnify percent error from small absolute differences. Based on these findings,
          a minimum DNA input amount of 50 ng is recommended for the GENESEEQPRIME
           assay. Conversely,  input  levels higher than 500 ng do  not  significantly improve
          performance.

Table 50. Panel wide variants (SNVs + Insertions + Deletions) – analyte level concordance
 Input
 Level   PPA    95% CI          n/N    NPA    95% CI          n/N
 25      95.00%   (91.47%, 97.12%)  228/240   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  92068184/92068212
 50      96.25%   (93.03%, 98.01%)  231/240   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  92068180/92068212
 250     97.50%   (94.65%, 98.85%)  234/240   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  92068188/92068212
 500     97.92%   (95.22%, 99.11%)  235/240   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  92068193/92068212
 1000    98.33%   (95.79%, 99.35%)  236/240   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  92068186/92068212

Table 51. HS SNVs – analyte level concordance
 Input
 Level    PPA    95% CI          n/N    NPA    95% CI          n/N
 25       90.48%   (71.09%, 97.35%)   19/21   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  39815/39816
 50       100%     (84.54%, 100%)    21/21   99.99%   (99.97%, 99.99%)  39811/39816
 250      100%     (84.54%, 100%)    21/21   99.98%   (99.97%, 99.98%)  39810/39816
 500      95.23%   (77.33%, 99.76%)   20/21   99.99%   (99.99%, 99.99%)  39815/39816
 1000     100%     (84.54%, 100%)    21/21   99.98%   (99.97%, 99.98%)  39810/39816

Table 52. Mean absolute percent error in TMB at various DNA input
  Case       Mean                        Observed      Absolute      Mean absolute
                    DNA input level number       expected               TMB score     percent error   percent error
          TMB score
                                                             2.1          0.00%
                                 25 ng              2.1          0.00%         0.00%
                                                             2.1          0.00%
                                                             2.1          0.00%
                                 50 ng              2.1          0.00%         0.00%
                                                             2.1          0.00%
                                                             2.1          0.00%


                                                                                      63

2.1          0.00%
                             250 ng             2.1          0.00%         0.00%Case 1            2.1
                                                        2.1          0.00%
                             500 ng             2.1          0.00%         0.00%
                                                        2.1          0.00%
                                                        2.1          0.00%
                            1000 ng             2.1          0.00%         0.00%
                                                        2.1          0.00%
                                                    10.6          8.62%
                             25 ng             11.6          0.00%         8.91%
                                                        9.5          18.10%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                             50 ng             11.6          0.00%         0.00%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                             250 ng            11.6          0.00%         0.00%Case 2           11.6
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                             500 ng            11.6          0.00%         0.00%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                            1000 ng           11.6          0.00%         0.00%
                                                    11.6          0.00%
                                                    99.4          0.34%
                             25 ng             97.3          1.82%         2.07%
                                                    95.2          4.06%
                                                    98.3          0.78%
                             50 ng             99.4          0.34%         0.98%
                                                    97.3          1.82%
                                                    97.3          1.82%
                             250 ng            99.4          0.34%         1.19%Case 3           99.1
                                                 100.5         1.43%
                                                    97.3          1.82%
                             500 ng            97.3          1.82%         2.20%
                                                    96.2          2.98%
                                                    97.3          1.82%
                             1000ng            97.3          1.82%         2.20%
                                                    96.2          2.98%
                                                        1.1         0%
Case 4           1.1            25 ng                                      0.00%                                                        1.1         0%
                                                        1.1         0%
                                                        1.1         0%
                             50 ng              1.1         0%          0.00%
                                                        1.1         0%
                                                        1.1         0%
                             250 ng             1.1         0%          0.00%
                                                        1.1         0%
                                                        1.1         0%


                                                                                  64

500 ng 0.00%
1000ng 0.00%
a
ang [Od 00%
a
a
song =| Od 0.00%
[0%
[0%
[0%

Case el
[0%
song [0 | O% | 0,00%
a
ea
1oomg =| 0.00%
[0%
16.67%
25 ng 16.67% 16.67%
16.67%
38.89%
50 ng 16.67% 24.07%
16.67%
16.67%
250 ng 38.89% 24.07%
Case 6 8 16.67%
16.67%
500 ng 16.67% 24.07%
38.89%
38.89%
1000ng 16.67% 24.07%
16.67%
25 ng 0.00%
Case 7 1 50 ng 0.00%
250-ng 0.00%
500 ng 0.00%
65

1000ng             1.1          0%          0.00%


        b) DNA extraction method
           In this analysis, the effect that DNA extraction method may have on the performance of
           the GENESEEQPRIME  assay was  examined. A  total  of  four commonly  used,
          commercially available DNA extraction methods were evaluated. FFPE DNA extraction
            kits include two column-based extraction methods, one column-based FDA registered
        FFPE DNA extraction kit and one magnetic bead-based extraction method DNA extraction
         method concordance was evaluated in 8 FFPE solid tumor tissue samples selected to cover
              all variant types assessed by GENESEEQPRIME, including borderline variants near the
            limit of detection. The 168 DNA samples were processed with GENESEEQPRIME assay
           (5 samples x 2 extraction kit lots x 2 operators x 3 extraction methods x 2 assay replicates)
        + (3 samples x 2 extraction kit lots x 2 operators x 2 extraction methods x 2 assay
            replicates). Method 2 (M2), Method 3 (M3), and Method 4 (M4) were compared to the
           reference Method 1 (M1).

         The positive percent agreement for Method 2 and Method 1 is 99.16% (95% CI: 98.54%,
          99.52%), while the PPA for Method 3 and Method 1 is 99.02% (95% CI: 98.37% - 99.42%)
          (Table 53). For the Method 4 compared to M1, the PPA was 99.78%. The NPA for all
          comparisons are 99.99%. PPA remained above 99% for all three comparisons (Method 2
          vs M1, Method 3 vs M1, M4 vs M1) across non-hotspot SNVs,  deletions, ALK
            translocations, and MSI status. The coefficient of variation for mutational burden of the
          samples analyzed in this portion is ≤6.13% (Table 54).

         The results show that the performance of the GENESEEQPRIME assay is not significantly
           affected by the method of extraction for FFPE samples. Thus, we believe that the
       GENESEEQPRIME assay can be applied  to samples  extracted with any  suitable
          commercially available FFPE DNA extraction  kit on the market, provided that the
           appropriate protocols are followed.

Table 53. Overall variants (SNVs + Insertions + Deletions) – analyte level concordance
  Extraction
  method    PPA    95% CI     n/N       NPA    95% CI    n/N
                         (98.54%,                            (99.99%,
 M1 v M2    99.16%   99.52%)     1420/1432   99.99%   99.99%)    175367008/175367048
                         (98.37%,                            (99.99%,
 M1 v M3    99.02%   99.42%)     1418/1432   99.99%   99.99%)    175367009/175367048
                         (99.22%,                            (99.99%,
 M1 v M4    99.78%   99.94%)     926/928     99.99%   99.99%)    105220096/105220160

Table 54. Coefficient of variation for TMB
                          TMB standard
  Comparison    Sample   Mean TMB                  CV (%)                                                 deviation
                   F1            7.5              0.311                 4.15
                   F2           76.7             2.036                 2.66


                                                                                      66

F3           93.9             1.532                 1.72
                 F4           56.1             0.879                 1.57M1 v M2 v M3
                 F5            3.2              0                 0
                 F6           53.7             0.447                 0.83
 M1 vs M4       F7           87.0             1.194                 1.37
                 F8           16.5             1.011                 6.13


      9. Reagent Stability
         Analysis of the product stability shows the recommended shelf life and in use stability of
         the kit. 3 cell line samples and 4 clinical FFPE samples were used to validate the product
           stability. The real-time stability study demonstrated that the assay’s performance meets all
         acceptance criteria for 10 months post-manufacture. However, at the 12-month timepoint,
         the overall mutation detection rate fell to 88.89%, which is below the required ≥95%
         threshold for qualification. The in-use stability study concluded that the kit reagents are
          stable for up to four freeze-thaw cycles, maintaining a mutation detection rate of 96.83%.
        Performance degraded significantly after the fifth cycle, with the detection rate dropping
          to 85.71%. As a result, the validated shelf life for the GENESEEQPRIME assay kit is
         established at 10 months, with a recommended limit of four freeze-thaw cycles for key
         reagent boxes to ensure data integrity and optimal performance.

   G. Instrument Name:
          Illumina NextSeq® 550Dx

   H. System Descriptions:
               i. Modes of Operation:

          Does the applicant’s device contain the ability to transmit data to a computer,
            webserver, or mobile device?

          Yes    ✓       No

              ii.  Software:

          Does the applicant’s device transmit data to a computer, webserver, or mobile
            device using wireless transmission?
          Yes            No    ✓

    I.  Other Supportive Instrument Performance Characteristics Data Not Covered in
     The “Performance Characteristics” Section above:

        Not applicable

    J.  Proposed Labeling:


                                                                                     67

The labeling satisfies the requirements of 21 CFR Parts 801 and 809, as applicable.
Kk. Conclusion:
The submitted information in this premarket notification is complete and supports a
substantial equivalence decision.
68