May 28, 2025
Smart Soft Healthcare AD
Yoana Ivanova
Regulatory Affairs Director
113 General Kolev Str., Primorski District., Office 7.2
Varna, 9002
Bulgaria

Re: K250367
    Trade/Device Name: CoLumboX
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 30, 2025
    Received: April 30, 2025

Dear Yoana Ivanova:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250367 - Yoana Ivanova                                                            Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250367 - Yoana Ivanova                                                            Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250367

Device Name
CoLumboX


Indications for Use (Describe)
CoLumboX is an image post-processing and measurement software tool that provides quantitative spine measurements
from previously-acquired DICOM lumbar spine radiograph x-ray images for users’ review, analysis, and interpretation. It
provides the following functionality to assist users in visualizing, measuring and documenting measurements:
∙ Feature segmentation;
∙ Feature measurement;
∙ Threshold-based labeling of out-of-range measurement; and
∙ Export of measurement results.
CoLumboX does not produce or recommend any type of medical diagnosis or treatment. Instead, it simply helps users to
more easily identify and classify features in lumbar x-ray images and potentially compile a report. The user is responsible
for confirming/modifying settings, reviewing the software-generated measurements, and utilizing CoLumboX output
using their medical judgment and discretion.
The device is intended to be used only by hospitals and other medical institutions. Only DICOM x-ray images of patients
aged 18 and older are considered to be valid input. CoLumboX does not support DICOM images of patients who are
pregnant, or those with post-operative complications, tumors, or infections.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

CoLumboX                            510(k) Premarket Notification                 Smart Soft Healthcare
                                        K250367
                     510(k) Summary
1. Submitter
Smart Soft Healthcare AD
Address: 113 General Kolev Str., Primorski District., Office 7.2 Varna 9002, Bulgaria
Phone: +35952919513
Fax: None
Contact Person: Nedelcho Georgiev
Date Prepared: February 10, 2025

2. Device
Name of Device: CoLumboX
Common or Usual Name: CoLumboX
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system (21 CFR 892.2050)
Product Code: QIH
Regulatory Class: II

3. Predicate Device
1)  Predicate device:
Device Name: CoLumbo
Manufacturer: Smart Soft Healthcare AD
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system (21 CFR 892.2050)
Classification Product Code: QIH
Classification Panel: Radiology
Device Class: Class II
510(k) Number: K241211 cleared August 15, 2024

2) Reference device:
Device Name: Spine CAMP
Manufacturer: Medical Metrics, Inc.
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system (21 CFR 892.2050)
Classification Product Code: QIH
Classification Panel: Radiology
Device Class: Class II
510(k) Number: K231668 cleared July 7, 2023

4.  Device Description
CoLumboX is a medical device (software) for viewing and interpreting radiograph (x-ray) images
of the lumbar spine. The software is a quantitative imaging tool that assists radiologists and
neuro- and spine surgeons (“users”) to identify and measure lumbar spine features in medical


 Date created:
 2025-April-15                                                                         Page 1 of 6

CoLumboX                            510(k) Premarket Notification                 Smart Soft Healthcare


images. The users then review the out-of-range measurements provided by the software. The
measurements are classified using “modifiers” based on rule-based algorithms and thresholds set
by each software user and stored in the user’s individualized software settings.

The purpose of CoLumboX is to provide information regarding spondylolisthesis slippage
measurements. The software automatically initiates measurements resulting from segmentation of
the vertebrae and sacrum. Segmentations serve the purpose of calculating measurements. The
device outputs are intended to be a starting point for a clinical workflow and should not be
interpreted or used as a diagnosis. The output is an aid to the clinical workflow of measuring
patient anatomy and should not be misused as a diagnosis tool.

User-confirmed/defined settings control the software for labelling measurements in an image.
The user (not the software) controls the threshold for identifying out-of-range measurements. The
software facilitates this process by detecting contours (segmentations) around features of the
relevant anatomy and displaying measurements based on these contours. The user maintains
control of the process by inspecting the measurements and annotations upon which the
measurements are based. The user may also examine other features of the imaging not annotated
by the software to form a complete impression and diagnostic judgment of the overall state of
disease, disorder, or trauma.

5.  Indications for Use
CoLumboX is an image post-processing and measurement software tool that provides quantitative
spine measurements from previously-acquired DICOM lumbar spine radiograph x-ray images for
users’ review, analysis, and interpretation. It provides the following functionality to assist users
in visualizing, measuring and documenting measurements:
•  Feature segmentation;
•  Feature measurement;
•  Threshold-based labeling of out-of-range measurement; and
•  Export of measurement results.

CoLumboX does not produce or recommend any type of medical diagnosis or treatment. Instead,
it simply helps users to more easily identify and classify features in lumbar x-ray images and
potentially compile a report. The user is responsible for confirming/modifying settings, reviewing
the software-generated measurements, and utilizing CoLumboX output using their medical
judgment and discretion.

The device is intended to be used only by hospitals and other medical institutions.

Only DICOM x-ray images of patients aged 18 and older are considered to be valid input.
CoLumboX does not support DICOM images of patients who are pregnant, or those with postoperative complications, tumors, or infections.

6.  Comparison of the Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
Devices
In comparison to the Predicate Device, the Subject Device provides comparable outputs in terms


 Date created:
 2025-April-15                                                                         Page 2 of 6

CoLumboX                            510(k) Premarket Notification                 Smart Soft Healthcare


of segmentation, measurement and labeling. A tabular high-level comparison of the Subject
Device, the Predicate Device and the Reference Device is provided as Table 1 below.

            Table 1 – Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device

                   Predicate Device         Reference Device          Subject Device       Remark/
                    (K241211)              (K231668)                                   Discussion
Device Name        CoLumbo           Spine CAMP™ (1.1)        CoLumboX              n/a
Manufacturer   Smart Soft Healthcare      Medical Metrics, Inc.      Smart Soft Healthcare         n/a
Classification         Radiology                Radiology                Radiology          Same
Panel
CFR Section                                                              Proposed:          Same
                 21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050
                    (Medical image           (Medical image           (Medical image
             management and processing management and processing management and processing
                        system)                   system)                   system)
                   QIH                QIH                QIH
Device Class            Class II                   Class II                   Class II           Same
Intended Use  Intended to assist the       Spine CAMP™ is a fully-  Intended to assist the           Similar
                 radiologist, spine- and     automated image            radiologist, spine- and
               neuro-surgeon in           processing software device. neuro-surgeon in
               performing routine             It is designed to be used    performing routine
                evaluations of lumbar spine with X-ray images and is   evaluations of lumbar spine
          MRI exams and producing  intended to aid medical     x-ray images.
               a report of findings         professionals in the
              summarizing the results of  measurement and
                the evaluation.            assessment of spinal
                                           parameters. Spine CAMP™
                                                      is capable of calculating
                                              distances, angles, linear
                                           displacements, angular
                                           displacements, and
                                        mathematical combinations
                                           of these metrics to
                                             characterize the
                                       morphology, alignment, and
                                      motion of the spine. These
                                             analysis results are
                                          presented in the form of
                                                reports, annotated images,
                                     and visualizations of
                                               intervertebral motion to
                                          support their interpretation.
Indications for CoLumbo is an image post- Spine CAMP™ is a fully-  CoLumboX is an image        Similar
Use            processing and            automated software that    post-processing and
              measurement software tool analyzes Xray images of the measurement software tool
                  that provides quantitative   spine to produce reports     that provides quantitative
                spine measurements from   that contain static and/or    spine measurements from
                previously-acquired       motion metrics. Spine      previously-acquired
          DICOM lumbar spine   CAMP™ can be used to  DICOM lumbar spine x-ray
              Magnetic Resonance (MR) obtain metrics from sagittal images for users’ review,
              images for users’ review,   plane radiographs of the    analysis, and interpretation.
                 analysis, and interpretation. lumbar and/or cervical        It provides the following
                     It provides the following    spine and it can be used to  functionality to assist users


 Date created:
 2025-April-15                                                                         Page 3 of 6

CoLumboX                            510(k) Premarket Notification                 Smart Soft Healthcare


                 functionality to assist users visualize intervertebral      in visualizing, measuring
                 in visualizing, measuring   motion via an image       and documenting
             and documenting out-of-    registration method referred measurements:
               range measurements:        to as “stabilization.” The    • Feature segmentation;
                   • Feature segmentation;     radiographic metrics can be • Feature measurement;
                   • Feature measurement;    used to characterize and     • Threshold-based labeling
                   • Threshold-based labeling  assess spinal health in      of out-of-range
                of out-of-range            accordance with established measurement; and
              measurement; and          guidance. For example,      • Export of measurement
                   • Export of measurement  common clinical uses        results.
                 results to a written report   include assessing spinal   CoLumboX does not
                 for user’s review, revise     stability, alignment,       produce or recommend any
             and approval.              degeneration, fusion,       type of medical diagnosis or
           CoLumbo does not produce motion preservation, and    treatment. Instead, it simply
                or recommend any type of  implant performance. The  helps users to more easily
              medical diagnosis or       metrics produced by Spine  identify and classify
                treatment. Instead, it simply CAMP™ are intended to be features in lumbar x-ray
               helps users to more easily  used to support qualified   images and potentially
                 identify and classify       and licensed professional   compile a report. The user
                features in lumbar MR      healthcare practitioners in   is responsible for
              images and compile a       clinical decision-making for confirming/modifying
                 report. The user is           skeletally mature patients of settings, reviewing the
                responsible for            age 18 and above.          software-generated
               confirming/modifying                              measurements, and utilizing
                  settings, reviewing and                       CoLumboX output using
                verifying the software-                                     their medical judgment and
               generated measurements,                                 discretion.
                inspecting out-of-range                          The device is intended to be
              measurements, and                                 used only by hospitals and
              approving draft report                                  other medical institutions.
               content using their medical                        Only DICOM x-ray images
              judgment and discretion.                               of patients aged 18 and
             The device is intended to be                            older are considered to be
              used only by hospitals and                               valid input. CoLumboX
                other medical institutions.                           does not support DICOM
             Only DICOM images of                            images of patients who are
          MRI acquired from lumbar                           pregnant or those
               spine exams of patients                              with post-operative
              aged 18 and above are                                 complications, tumors, or
               considered to be valid                                     infections.
                 input. CoLumbo does not
               support DICOM images of
                 patients that are pregnant,
              undergo MRI scan with
                contrast media, or have
                post-operative
                complications, tumors,
                 infections.
Intended User  Radiologist & neuro- and    Trained professionals     Radiologist & neuro- and    Same
                     spine-surgeons                                       spine-surgeons
Intended        The intended patient     Skeletally mature patients   Skeletally mature patients     Highly
Patient         population is not subject to    of age 18 and above     of age 18 and older that are    Similar
Population         any restrictions.                                   not pregnant and do not
                 Automation support                               have post-operative
                 requires images of patients                               complications, tumors,
                 of 18 years and older, not                                         infections.


 Date created:
 2025-April-15                                                                         Page 4 of 6

CoLumboX                            510(k) Premarket Notification                 Smart Soft Healthcare


                  pregnant, without postoperative complications,
                   tumors, infections.
Supported         Lumbar spine        Lumbar and/or cervical       Lumbar spine         Same
Body Part                                           spine
Threshold-             Yes                   Yes                   Yes            Same
Based Out-ofRange
Measurements

Supported         MR                    X-ray                   X-ray          Same with
Modality                                                                                            reference
                                                                                                  device

The Subject Device is substantially equivalent in comparison to the Predicate Device. The
information regarding the Subject Device does not raise new questions about safety and
effectiveness, and demonstrates that CoLumboX is at least as safe and effective as its predicate
device.

7. Performance Data

Smart Soft Healthcare has performed software design verification testing and has sponsored
external software performance assessment study with clinical data. The performance data
demonstrates continued conformance for medical devices containing software.

Smart Soft Healthcare conforms to the cybersecurity requirements by implementing a process of
preventing unauthorized access, modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use
of information that is stored, accessed or transferred from a medical device to an external
recipient. The vulnerability assessment and penetration testing demonstrate satisfactory security
performance with no critical and high-risk vulnerabilities.

Software Performance Validation on Clinical Data

To validate the CoLumboX software, ver. 2, from a clinical perspective, a clinical data-based
software performance assessment study was conducted in the U.S. The software performance
assessment study of CoLumboX included 100 image studies for 100 patients of different gender,
ages and racial groups. The performance assessment study compared the CoLumboX software
outputs, and the output of a physician using and physician not using CoLumboX to the ground
truth defined by 3 radiologists on segmentations and measurements.
8. Conclusions
The CoLumboX software demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate device. The
subject device has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics,
and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences between subject and
predicate device in indications do not alter the intended use of the device and do not raise new
or different questions regarding its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled.

The software verification and validation testing data, including the standalone software
performance assessment study data, supports the safety of the devices and demonstrates that the


 Date created:
 2025-April-15                                                                         Page 5 of 6

CoLumboX                            510(k) Premarket Notification                 Smart Soft Healthcare


CoLumboX software performs as intended in the specified use conditions.

Therefore, the CoLumboX software is substantially equivalent.


 Date created:
 2025-April-15                                                                         Page 6 of 6