Build Correspondence      Convert to PDF


                                                                             August 28, 2025

Twinsight
Meghan McFadden
Quality and Regulatory Affairs Engineer
Biopolis
5 avenue du Grand Sablon
La Tronche, 38700
France

Re: K250290
    Trade/Device Name: SurgiTwin
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, QIH
    Dated: January 31, 2025
    Received: January 31, 2025

Dear Meghan McFadden:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250290 - Meghan Mcfadden                                                          Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250290 - Meghan Mcfadden                                                          Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250290                                                           I
Device Name
 SurgiTwin

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SurgiTwin is a web-based platform designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative
 planning for knee reconstruction procedures, based on their patients'   imported imaging studies.
 Experience in usage and a clinical assessment is necessary for the proper use of the system in the
 revision and approval of the output of the planning.

 The system works with a database of digital representations related to surgical materials supplied by
 their manufacturers. SurgiTwin generates a PDF report as an output. End users of the generated
 SurgiTwin reports are trained healthcare professionals. SurgiTwin does not provide a diagnosis or
 surgical recommendation.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                    510(k) Summary

       This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the
       requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

        1.  Submitter

                   Twinsight
            5 avenue du Grand Sablon
            38700 La Tronche
             France

              Contact Person:               Meghan McFadden
                                                                Quality and Regulatory Affairs Engineer
                                                                Email: qara@twinsight-medical.com
                                                               Phone: +33 6 68 02 05 61

             Date Summary Prepared:    29 August, 2025


        2.  Device
            2.1.  SurgiTwin

                  Trade Name/Common Name: SurgiTwin
                   Classification Name:         Medical image management and processing system
                                           (21 C.F.R. § 892.2050)
                   Regulatory Class:              Class II
                  Product Code:                  LLZ, QIH
                   510(k) Number:                 K250290


        3.  Legally Marketed Predicate Device
            3.1.  Peekmed web


                   510(k)                  Product Name              Clearance Date
               K240926               PeekMed web             December 2024


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin

                                                                                       1

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


        4.  Device Description Summary

       SurgiTwin is a semi-automated Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) that assists health
       care professionals in the pre-operative planning of total knee replacement surgery. Using a
       series of algorithms, the software creates 2D segmented images, a 3D model, and relevant
      measurements derived from the patient’s pre-dimensioned medical images. The software
        interface allows the user to adjust the plan manually to verify the accuracy of the model and
       achieve the desired  clinical targets. SurgiTwin generates a PDF report as an output.
       SurgiTwin does not provide a diagnosis or surgical recommendation.

      The intended patient population  is patients over 22 undergoing total knee replacement
       surgery without any existing material in the operated lower limb.

        5.  Intended Use/Indications for Use

       SurgiTwin  is a web-based platform designed to help healthcare professionals carry out
       pre-operative planning for knee reconstruction procedures, based on their patients' imported
      imaging studies. Experience in usage and a clinical assessment is necessary for the proper
      use of the system in the revision and approval of the output of the planning.

      The system works with a database of digital representations related to surgical materials
       supplied by their manufacturers. SurgiTwin generates a PDF report as an output. End users
        of the generated SurgiTwin reports are trained healthcare professionals. SurgiTwin does not
       provide a diagnosis or surgical recommendation.

            5.1.  Contraindications

       SurgiTwin is contraindicated as follows:
             1. Patients under 22 years of age
             2. Presence of orthopedic hardware in the limb to be operated
             3. Pathological anomaly in the limb to be operated including fracture, tumor, or
                significant bone loss
             4. Patients with severe limb deformities
             5. Contraindications for each implant as indicated by the implant manufacturer


            5.2.  Indications for Use Comparison

       SurgiTwin assists the surgeon in pre-surgical planning of the knee, while the predicate
       allows planning in the knee, hip, upper limb, and foot. The anatomical region and surgical
      procedure covered in SurgiTwin are included in its predicate. Comparison of the indications
        for use therefore supports the substantial equivalence of SurgiTwin and its predicate.


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin

                                                                                       2

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


        6.  Technological Comparison to Predicate

       SurgiTwin has been evaluated in comparison to its predicate device regarding intended use,
       indications  for use, design, function, and technology. Both the subject device and  its
       predicate are medical software designed to assist healthcare professionals in orthopedic
       pre-surgical  planning  for  the  adult  musculoskeletal system  within a  clinical  setting.
       Appropriate clinical judgment and experience are mandatory for the use of both devices.

      The two devices follow the same workflow, share similar use requirements (such as internet
       connectivity and user verification and approval of outputs), and offer comparable planning
        functionalities, including model representation, digital overlap of prosthetic material, and
       support  for both 2D and 3D environments.  Additionally, both devices generate a  final
       planning report that incorporates selected images with templates, measurements, and
        textual descriptions of the patient and/or the planned surgical procedure.

      The analysis of technological differences between SurgiTwin and the predicate device
      performed in the context of this 510(k) submission supports substantial equivalence. A
     summary of this comparison is presented in the table below.


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin

                                                                                       3

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                        Table 1: Summary of predicate and subject device characteristics and rationale for substantial equivalence
                                                                          SurgiTwin
                               Peekmed web                                                     Substantially
      Characteristic                                                            Subject Device                                    Justification and rationale
                                    K240926                                                     Equivalent?
                                                                     K250290
      Product Code                      LLZ, QIH                              LLZ, QIH                  Yes                     –
   Regulation Number              21 CFR 892.2050                    21 CFR 892.2050               Yes                     –
                               Medical Image Management And         Medical Image Management And
    Regulation Name                                                                               Yes                     –
                                     Processing System                     Processing System
                                                                      SurgiTwin is a web-based platform
                                                                      designed to help healthcare
                                                                          professionals carry out pre-operative
                                                                         planning for knee reconstruction
                       PeekMed web is a system designed to      procedures, based on their patients'
                             help healthcare professionals carry out   imported imaging studies. Experience in
                             pre-operative planning for several surgical    usage and a clinical assessment is
                              procedures, based on their imported       necessary for the proper use of the
                                 patients’ imaging studies. Experience in    system in the revision and approval of
                                                                                             Yes       The last three sentences have been
                           usage and a clinical assessment is            the output of the planning.
      Intended Use                                                                          See     added for clarification but do not alter the
                          necessary for the proper use of the system
                                                                                                                                        justification   intended use compared to the predicate.
                                   in the revision and approval of the output   The system works with a database of
                                of the planning. The multi-platform system  digital representations related to surgical
                              works with a database of digital              materials supplied by their
                                 representations related to surgical       manufacturers. SurgiTwin generates a
                             materials supplied by their manufacturers.  PDF report as an output. End users of
                                                                         the generated SurgiTwin reports are
                                                                               trained healthcare professionals.
                                                                   SurgiTwin does not provide a diagnosis
                                                                               or surgical recommendation.


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin
                                                                                                                                   4

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                                                                          SurgiTwin
                               Peekmed web                                                     Substantially
      Characteristic                                                            Subject Device                                    Justification and rationale
                                    K240926                                                     Equivalent?
                                                                     K250290
                                                                         This medical device consists of a
                            This medical device consists of a decision
                                                                           decision support tool for qualified
                               support tool for qualified healthcare
                                                                       healthcare professionals to quickly and
                               professionals to quickly and efficiently
                                                                                         efficiently perform the pre-operative
                             perform the pre-operative planning for
                                                                        planning for total knee arthroplasty                   SurgiTwin allows the surgeon to perform
                            several surgical procedures, using medical
                                                                    procedures, using medical imaging with                 the pre-surgical planning efficiently in the
                            imaging with the additional capability of
                                                                       the additional capability of planning the                knee, while the predicate allows planning
                             planning the 2D or 3D environment. The
                                                    2D or 3D environment. The system is      Yes       in the hip, knee, upper limb, and foot. The
                            system is designed for the medical
    Indications for Use                                            designed for medical specialties within      See      anatomical region and surgical procedure
                                specialties within surgery and no specific
                                                                    surgery and no specific use environment   justification    covered in SurgiTwin are included in its
                         use environment is mandatory, whereas
                                                                                                 is mandatory. The typical use                        predicate. Comparison of the indications
                            the typical use environment is a room with
                                                                  environment is a room with a computer.                       for use therefore supports substantial
                         a computer. The patient target group is
                                                          The intended patient group is patients                               equivalence.
                                  adult patients who have an injury or
                                                                     over 22 years old identified to require
                                   disability diagnosed previously. There are
                                                            knee reconstruction surgery without any
                         no other considerations for the intended
                                                                              existing material in the operated lower
                                           patient population.
                                                                                                limb.


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin
                                                                                                                                   5

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                                                                          SurgiTwin
                               Peekmed web                                                     Substantially
      Characteristic                                                            Subject Device                                    Justification and rationale
                                    K240926                                                     Equivalent?
                                                                     K250290
                                                                   SurgiTwin is contraindicated as follows:
                                                                                                                -   Patients under 22 years of age
                                                                                                                -  Presence of orthopedic                              Contraindications are added as a
                                                                     hardware in the joint to be                       precautionary measure to enhance user
                                                                         operated                                      awareness and ensure safe and
                                                                                                                -   Pathological anomaly in the limb     Yes        appropriate use of the device within its
    Contraindications    No contraindications specific to this device.          to be operated including fracture,     See      intended population. They do not indicate
                                                                              tumor, or significant bone loss       justification   a fundamental difference in SurgiTwin’s
                                                                                                                -   Patients with severe limb                          technological characteristics, intended
                                                                                 deformities                                      use, or performance compared to the
                                                                                                                -   Contraindications for each                                        predicate.
                                                                              implant as given by the implant
                                                                          manufacturer
                                                                                                                        SurgiTwin allows the surgeon to perform
                                                                                                                              the pre-surgical planning efficiently in the
                                                                                                                          knee, while PeekMed® web allows
                        PeekMed web allows the surgeon to        SurgiTwin allows the surgeon to        Yes      planning in the hip, knee, upper limb, and
     Clinical Purpose        efficiently perform orthopedic pre-surgical         efficiently perform orthopedic         See        foot. The anatomical region and surgical
                             planning in the musculoskeletal system       pre-surgical planning in the knee        justification     procedure covered in SurgiTwin are
                                                                                                                              included in its predicate. Comparison of
                                                                                                                               the general purpose therefore supports
                                                                                                                                               substantial equivalence.
                        PeekMed web allows the surgeon to
                            perform the pre-surgical planning in the
                                     following anatomical regions:            SurgiTwin allows the surgeon to        Yes
   Anatomical Regions            -  Hip                                              efficiently perform orthopedic         See            See justification above.
                                                -  Knee                                    pre-surgical planning in the knee        justification
                                                -  Upper limb
                                                -  Foot


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin
                                                                                                                                   6

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                                                                          SurgiTwin
                               Peekmed web                                                     Substantially
      Characteristic                                                            Subject Device                                    Justification and rationale
                                    K240926                                                     Equivalent?
                                                                     K250290
    Patient Population                       Adults                                   Adults                   Yes
      End Users                 Healthcare Professionals                 Healthcare Professionals            Yes                     –
                            Software is cloud-based (not installable)   Software is cloud-based (not installable)
                         and can be displayed on any personal    and can be displayed on any personal
    Device Availability                                                                               Yes                     –
                             device or workstation that can run on a    device or workstation that can run on a
                                web browser                      web browser
                                                                            Distributed system (cloud-based). This
                                Distributed system (cloud-based). This
                                                                               distributed system is a combination of
                                  distributed system is a combination of
  Software Architecture                                             software modules placed on servers that     Yes                     –
                             software modules placed on servers that
                                                                      are able to communicate with each
                            are able to communicate with each other.
                                                                                                 other.
                        The workflow is as follows: Import case   The workflow is as follows: Import case
                            images, configure images, identify the     images, configure images, identify the
       Workflow                                                                                   Yes                     –
                           case, pre-surgical planning, and export the  case, pre-surgical planning, and export
                                             case.                                  the case.
   Internet Connection                   Required                              Required                  Yes
                           Receives medical images from various    Receives medical images from various
     Image Source                                                                                 Yes                     –
                                         sources                               sources
                       The software processes data to provide an  The software processes data to provide
    Data Processing          overlap and dimensioning of digital     an overlap and dimensioning of digital       Yes                     –
                             representations of the prosthetic material  representations of the prosthetic material
     Digital overlap of        Allows the overlap of models and the      Allows the overlap of models and the
                                                                                                  Yes                     –
        templates                   intersection of the models                  intersection of the models
     Interactive model
                                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –
       positioning


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin
                                                                                                                                   7

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                                                                          SurgiTwin
                               Peekmed web                                                     Substantially
      Characteristic                                                            Subject Device                                    Justification and rationale
                                    K240926                                                     Equivalent?
                                                                     K250290
     Interactive model
                                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –
      dimensioning
     Model Rotation                      Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –

    Support for digital
   prosthetic materials
                                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –
     provided by the
     manufacturers

 Contact with the patient               No                            No                     Yes                     –
 Control of life supporting
                                  No                            No                     Yes                     –
        devices
 Human intervention for
                                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                      –
   image interpretation
    Tools for surgical
                                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –
 simulation and planning

 Preoperative annotation                  Yes                                Yes
                                                                                                  Yes                     –
      and analysis

     Provides values          Yes, including distance and angle         Yes, including distance and angle        Yes
                                                                                                                         –
     for measurement                measurement                       measurement

     Automatic bone
                                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –
      segmentation

 Machine learning
 models for image                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –
 segmentation


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin
                                                                                                                                   8

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


                                                                          SurgiTwin
                               Peekmed web                                                     Substantially
      Characteristic                                                            Subject Device                                    Justification and rationale
                                    K240926                                                     Equivalent?
                                                                     K250290
     MPR View                        Yes                                Yes                    Yes                     –

 Automatic placement of                  Yes                                Yes                    Yes
                                                                                                                         –
  anatomical landmarks

 Approval of anatomical                  Yes                                Yes
                                                                                                                                                                                                          -
   landmarks by user

      Modification of                      Yes                            No                    Yes
                                                                                                      See discussion of technological
  anatomical landmarks                                                                       See
                                                                                                                                               differences below.
                                                                                                                                        justification


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin
                                                                                                                                   9

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


            6.1.  Discussion of Technological Differences

      The device and its predicate have the following differences:
             1. SurgiTwin supports automatic landmark placement while PeekMed web supports
             both manual and automatic landmark placement. Landmark placement is required to
            be validated by the qualified orthopedic surgeon using the software in order to
             generate the planning results.
             2. SurgiTwin allows the surgeon to perform the pre-surgical planning in the knee, while
          PeekMed® web allows planning in the hip, knee, upper limb, and foot.

      The assessment of these technological differences supports substantial equivalence of
       SurgiTwin to its predicate because:
             1. The automatic landmarking feature  is designed to streamline the placement of
             landmarks on each bone before surgical planning, but is not intended to provide
             medical advice on their positioning. The qualified user must review and validate the
             landmark  placement  before  proceeding  with  surgical  planning.  In  addition,
             performance testing and validation confirmed that the automatic landmarking feature
                  is more accurate than that of the predicate. The requirement for user approval
             ensures that clinicians review landmark placement before continuing.
             2. The anatomical region and surgical procedure covered in SurgiTwin are included in
                   its predicate.


        7.  Performance Data

       Nonclinical performance testing performed on SurgiTwin supports substantial equivalence to
       the predicate device. Testing was performed in accordance with the following FDA guidance
      documents:
           ●  Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions
           ●  Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
             Premarket Submissions
           ●  Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
           ●  Technical Performance Assessment of Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device
             Premarket Submissions
           ●  Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices

      The following testing was performed:
            A. Verification activities to ensure that all features were correctly implemented to meet
            system requirements and fulfill acceptance criteria.
            B. The machine learning (ML) model incorporated  into SurgiTwin was developed,
                trained, tested, and validated for its performance.
                      a. ML Model Development and Testing Information


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin

                                                                                      10

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


          ML models were developed with datasets from multiple sites. The ML model was
                trained with 81% of the dataset and tested with the remaining 19%. This dataset
            was designed to represent the intended use population.


                      b. Subgroup Definition
              Datasets were divided according to the following subgroups:

                   ○ Demographics
                           ●  Patient Sex
                           ●  Patient Age
                   ○ Equipment and protocols for image collection
                           ●  Institution Name
                           ●  Institution Location
                           ●  Manufacturer
                           ● Image slice thickness

            The CT image parameters in the final test dataset fall within the acceptable input
                specifications for the SurgiTwin system:

                   ○  0.3 mm to 5 mm pixel spacing and slice interval for hip-only and ankle-only
                    scans
                   ○  0.3 mm to 1.0 mm for scans including the knee region

                       c. Acceptance Criteria

            The acceptance criteria for the segmentation ML model are shown in the following
                 table:

                                Metric                         Acceptance Criteria
                        Mean DSC                            > 0.95
                   Mean voxel based AHD                       < 1.0mm
                         5th percentile of the DSC                       > 0.9
               95th percentile of the boundary based HD 95              < 2.5mm


                      d. Reference Standard

            Comparison  of  the performance  of  the  segmentation ML model  against  the
              predefined ground truth met the acceptance criteria for the model performance.

                      e. Independence of Training and Validation Data

            To prevent data leakage, external validation datasets were collected separately from
              the development data. The validation dataset was labeled by different individuals


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin

                                                                                            11

K250290
Twinsight
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
SurgiTwin


             from the training dataset.

           The  results from  testing confirm  that the ML model demonstrates acceptable
             performance for its intended population.

           C. The automatic landmark function was validated using a study to compare automatic
             landmarking performance to manual landmark placement by expert annotators. The
            system met predefined clinical acceptance criteria.

           D. A validation study was conducted to compare metrics generated by SurgiTwin to
             those from manual annotations by expert annotators. The system met predefined
                 clinical acceptance criteria for all measurements.

            E. A validation study was performed to confirm the accuracy and clinical acceptability
                of the default implant placement algorithm. All acceptance criteria were met.

              F. A  validation  study was performed  to  verify  the  clinical  acceptability  of the
             osteophyte removal function. All acceptance criteria were met.

           G. External validation tests were performed by qualified personnel in an environment
              simulating the real end-user environment using a pre-defined test protocol. All
             acceptance criteria were met.

       Nonclinical performance testing demonstrated that the subject device fulfills its intended use
       with an acceptable performance according to clinical acceptance criteria for all functions.
      These tests will be repeated and updated when appropriate to ensure that the software
       continues to meet performance criteria. Performance testing of SurgiTwin therefore supports
       substantial equivalence to its predicate.

        8.  Conclusion

      Based on the  information presented  in  this 510(k) submission, SurgiTwin has been
      determined to be substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device in terms of
       indications for use, intended use, design, technology, and performance.


510(k) Summary: SurgiTwin

                                                                                      12