March 17th, 2025

GE Medical Systems, LLC
Glen Sabin
Director - Regulatory Affairs, MR Strategy
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K250379
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA Prime Elite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI
    Dated: February 7, 2025
    Received: February 11, 2025

Dear Glen Sabin:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250379 - Glen Sabin                                                                Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K250379 - Glen Sabin                                                                Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Ningzhi Li -S
                                                  for
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250379

Device Name
SIGNA Prime Elite


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNA Prime Elite is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-tonoise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal,
and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or
functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints,
prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions of the body.
Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used. The images produced by SIGNA Prime
Elite reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance.
These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

SIGNA Prime Elite
                                                       510(k) Premarket Notification
                                 510(k) Summary                     K250379
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:             24 February 2025
 Submitter:       GE Medical Systems, LLC
                   3200 N Grandview Blvd. Waukesha, WI USA 53188
 Distributor:      GE Medical Systems, LLC
                   3200 N Grandview BLVD. Waukesha, WI USA 53188
 Primary Contact    Glen Sabin
 Person:              Director, Regulatory Affairs
              GE HealthCare
                    Phone: 262- 5216848
                       E-mail: glen.sabin@gehealthcare.com
 Secondary        Huande Li
 Contact Person:    Manager, Regulatory Affairs, MR
                    Phone: 86-18101131237
                       E-mail: huande.li@gehealthcare.com
 Device Trade                 SIGNA Prime Elite Name:
 Common/Usual                    Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device Name:
                    Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device per 21 CFR Classification
 Names:            892.1000

 Product Code:     LNH, LNI

 Predicate                 SIGNA Victor (K223439) Device(s):
 Reference                 SIGNA Champion (K233728) Device(s):


Reason for Submission:
This 510(k) is being submitted due to introduction of SIGNA Prime Elite, a new 1.5T MR
system from GE HealthCare.
Device Description:
SIGNA Prime Elite is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high
resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan time. The system uses a combination
of time-varying magnet fields (Gradients) and RF transmissions to obtain information

                                          Page 1 of 4

SIGNA Prime Elite
                                                       510(k) Premarket Notification
regarding the density and position of elements exhibiting magnetic resonance. The system
can image in the sagittal, coronal, axial, oblique, and double oblique planes, using various
pulse sequences, imaging techniques and reconstruction algorithms. The system features
a 1.5T superconducting magnet with 60 cm bore size. The system is designed to conform
to NEMA DICOM standards (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine).
A high-level summary of significant hardware and software modifications is provided below:
   Hardware changes (compared with predicate device SIGNA Victor):
      −  Magnet
      −  Gradient coil
      −  Integrated RF whole body coil
   Software Changes (compared with reference device SIGNA Champion):
      −  There is no Significant change

Indications for Use:
The SIGNA Prime Elite is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support
high resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as
a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images,
spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures
and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine,
breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal
regions of the body.
Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used. The
images produced by SIGNA Prime Elite reflect the spatial distribution or molecular
environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance.
These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information
that may assist in diagnosis.

Comparison of Indications for Use:
The changes in technology do not impact the indications for use. The indications for use
have not been changed, other than to reflect the SIGNA Prime Elite product name.
Therefore, the intended use is the same as the predicate device in accordance with the
FDA’s guidance document “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in
Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics:
Overall, the SIGNA Prime Elite employs the same fundamental scientific technology as
the predicate device.

There are some differences in characteristics between the proposed device and the
predicate device, as summarize below.


                                          Page 2 of 4

SIGNA Prime Elite
                                                       510(k) Premarket Notification
 Subsystem or    Predicate Device  Proposed Device   Comments
 component     SIGNA Victor     SIGNA Prime Elite
 Magnet          1.5T Superconducting Magnet with      SIGNA Prime Elite
                     active shielding.                       uses a magnet
                                                              equivalent to that of the
                                                              predicate SIGNA
                                                                      Victor.
 Gradient         Water cooled gradient coil with active    SIGNA Prime Elite
 subsystem         shielding                             uses an equivalent
                                                               gradient subsystem as
                                                             the predicate SIGNA
                                                                      Victor.
 RF transmit       Transmit with integrated body coil and    SIGNA Prime Elite
 subsystem         local T/R coil.                         uses an equivalent RF
                                                                transmit subsystem as
                                                             the predicate SIGNA
                                                                      Victor.
 RF receive         Digitize-Per-Pin (DPP) receive chain     SIGNA Prime Elite
 subsystem         architecture.                          uses the identical DPP
                                                                 architecture as
                                                             the predicate SIGNA
                                                                      Victor.
 RF coils         Comprehensive suite of detachable coils   Coils used by SIGNA
                       for imaging all anatomies                Prime Elite are
                                                                     identical with those
                                                    used by the predicate
                                              SIGNA Victor.
 Software         Comprehensive suite of software        SIGNA Prime Elite
 features           features, pulse sequences, and image    uses equivalent
                   processing applications to support MR     software with SIGNA
                  imaging of all anatomies.               Champion.

Operating Principles: The SIGNA Prime Elite functions using the same operating
principles as the predicate device.
Materials: The SIGNA Prime Elite and the predicate device both use flame retardant
materials.
Safety and Performance Testing: Both the SIGNA Prime Elite and the predicate
device comply with the same safety and performance testing (see Determination of
Substantial Equivalence, below).
These technological differences do not raise any different questions regarding safety
and effectiveness. Both devices must address questions of whether they provide an
adequate level of image quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance data
described in this submission include results of both bench testing and clinical testing that
show the image quality performance of SIGNA Prime Elite compared to the predicate
device.


                                          Page 3 of 4

SIGNA Prime Elite
                                                       510(k) Premarket Notification
Determination of Substantial Equivalence:
Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
The SIGNA Prime Elite and the predicate device were subject to similar risk management
testing to demonstrate substantial equivalence of safety and performance.
Testing to the following voluntary standards included:
    •  ANSI AAMI ES60601-1
    •  IEC 60601-1-2
    •  IEC 60601-2-33
    •  IEC 62304
    •  IEC 60601-1-6
    •  IEC 62366-1
    •  ISO 10993-1
In addition, the SIGNA Prime Elite complies with applicable NEMA MS standards for MRI
and NEMA PS3 standard for DICOM, as does the predicate device.
Both the SIGNA Prime Elite and the predicate device have a successful biocompatibility
track record, as demonstrated by ISO 10993 testing and by their history of use in
previously cleared devices.
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the subject
device, as they were for the predicate device:
    •  Risk Analysis
    •  Requirements Reviews
    •  Design Reviews
    •   Testing on unit level (Module verification)
    •   Integration testing (System verification)
    •  Performance testing (Verification)
    •  Simulated use testing (Validation)
Summary of Clinical Tests:
The subject of this premarket submission, the SIGNA Prime Elite, did not require clinical
studies to support substantial equivalence. Sample clinical images have been included in
this submission.
The sample clinical images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic image performance of the
SIGNA Prime Elite in accordance with the FDA Guidance “Submission of Premarket
Notifications for Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on October 10, 2023.
The image quality of the SIGNA Prime Elite is substantially equivalent to that of the
predicate device.
Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
The indications for use of the proposed device are comparable to the claimed predicate
device. The SIGNA Prime Elite employs equivalent technology to the claimed predicate
device. Additionally, the results from the above non-clinical tests demonstrate that the
device performs as intended. Therefore, the SIGNA Prime Elite is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device
 to which it has been compared.

Conclusion:
In conclusion, GE HealthCare considers the SIGNA Prime Elite to be as safe, as effective,
with performance that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                          Page 4 of 4