CRESCOM Co., Ltd.

Rosa Han
Official Correspondent
801 Kinstower, 8 Seongnam-daero 331beon-gil
Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do 13558
Korea, South
                                                              December 18, 2025Re: K250914
    Trade/Device Name: MediAI-BA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 7, 2025
    Received: November 7, 2025

Dear Rosa Han:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250914 - Rosa Han                                                                  Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250914 - Rosa Han                                                                  Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250914

Device Name
MediAI-BA


Indications for Use (Describe)
The MediAI-BA is designed to view and quantify bone age from 2D Posterior Anterior (PA) view of left-hand
radiographs using deep learning techniques to aid in the analysis of bone age assessment of patients between 2 to 18 years
old for pediatric radiologists. The results should not be relied upon alone by pediatric radiologists to make diagnostic
decisions. The images shall be with left hand and wrist fully visible within the field of view, and shall be without any
major bone destruction, deformity, fracture, excessive motion, or other major artifacts.

Limitations:
– This software is not intended for use in patients with growth disorders caused by congenital anomalies (e.g., Down
syndrome, Noonan syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, methylmalonic acidemia, skeletal dysplasia, chronic renal
disease, or prior long-term steroid exposure), as these conditions may cause complex skeletal changes beyond bone
maturation.

– Images showing anatomical variations or notable abnormalities (e.g., bone tumors, sequelae of fractures, or congenital
deformities) in the region required for interpretation are excluded from the intended use.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250914


510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part
807.92.


    Date                  March 18, 2025

    Submitter          CRESCOM Co., Ltd.
                          801 Kinstower, 8 Seongnam-daero 331beon-gil, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggido, 13558 Republic of Korea


    Contact Person        Rosa Han
                     RA Specialist
                             rosa.han@carasolution.com
                                     Tel. +82-10-4847-1022

    Device Information       Device(Trade) Name: MediAI-BA
                                   Classification Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                              Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
                              Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
                              Regulatory Class: Class II
                             Product Code: QIH

    Predicate Device         Manufacturer: Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
                             Trade/Device Name: EFAI BAPXR
                               510(k) Number: K234042
                              Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
                              Regulatory Number: 210 CFR 892.2050
                              Regulatory Class: Class II
                             Product Code: QIH

    Identification of a Legally Marketed Predicate Device;
     MediAI-BA is substantially equivalent to the EFAI BAPXR marketed by Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.,
     510(k) Premarket Notification Number K234042, FDA Product Code QIH.

    General Description
     This AI-based software utilizes an internal algorithm that integrates global skeletal maturity features
     extracted from the whole hand radiograph with local skeletal maturity features derived from key
     Regions of Interest (ROIs). By synthesizing these skeletal maturity features, the software determines
     the accurate final bone age.

     MediAI-BA provides an optional heatmap visualization that highlights regions contributing to the AI
     model output. The heatmap is intended only as supplementary, qualitative information to illustrate
      internal AI operations and is not intended for clinical interpretation, growth plate localization, or
     independent bone age assessment.

    The confidence score graph is an internal model visualization intended only to illustrate the relative
     sharpness of the model’s output distribution. It is not calibrated to clinical likelihood, has not been
       clinically validated, and is not intended to support diagnostic decisions or selection of a specific bone

                                                  1  / 5

age.

   Indication for Use
   The MediAI-BA is designed to view and quantify bone age from 2D Posterior Anterior (PA) view of lefthand radiographs using deep learning techniques to aid in the analysis of bone age assessment of
     patients between 2 to 18 years old for pediatric radiologists. The results should not be relied upon
    alone by pediatric radiologists to make diagnostic decisions. The images shall be with left hand and
     wrist fully visible within the field of view, and shall be without any major bone destruction, deformity,
     fracture, excessive motion, or other major artifacts.

     Limitations:
    – This software is not intended for use in patients with growth disorders caused by congenital
    anomalies (e.g., Down syndrome, Noonan syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, methylmalonic
    acidemia, skeletal dysplasia, chronic renal disease, or prior long-term steroid exposure), as these
    conditions may cause complex skeletal changes beyond bone maturation.

    – Images showing anatomical variations or notable abnormalities (e.g., bone tumors, sequelae of
     fractures, or congenital deformities) in the region required for interpretation are excluded from the
    intended use.

   Comparison of Technological Characteristics


                               Subject Device                Predicate Device (K234042)

      Device(Trade)
                    MediAI-BA                        EFAI BAPXR
       Name
      Classification   Automated    Radiological    Image  Automated Radiological Image
       Name       Processing Software                  Processing Software

      Product Code  QIH                           QIH

       Regulation
                    21 CFR 892.2050                  21 CFR 892.2050
       Number
       Regulatory
                      Class II                              Class II
         Class
                   The MediAI-BA is designed to view
                    and quantify bone age from 2D        EFAI BONESUITE XR BONE AGE
                         Posterior Anterior (PA) view of left-    PRO ASSESSMENT SYSTEM (EFAI
                    hand radiographs using deep learning  BAPXR) is designed to view and
                       techniques to aid in the analysis of      quantify bone age from 2D Posterior
                    bone age assessment of patients        Anterior (PA) view of left-hand
                    between 2 to 18 years old for pediatric  radiographs using deep learning
                           radiologists. The results should not be   techniques to aid in the analysis of
                           relied upon alone by pediatric         bone age assessment of patients
        Intended      radiologists to make diagnostic        between 2 to 16 years old for pediatric
     Use/Indication   decisions. The images shall be with      radiologists. The results should not be
          for Use         left hand and wrist fully visible within     relied upon alone by pediatric
                       the field of view, and shall be without    radiologists to make diagnostic
                    any major bone destruction, deformity,  decisions. The images shall be with
                           fracture, excessive motion, or other       left hand and wrist fully visible within
                      major artifacts.                         the field of view, and
                                                                       shall be without any major bone
                          Limitations:                              destruction, deformity, fracture,
                    – This software is not intended for use  excessive motion, or other major
                            in patients with growth disorders          artifacts.
                    caused by congenital anomalies (e.g.,

                                                 2  / 5

Down syndrome, Noonan syndrome,
                    congenital adrenal hyperplasia,
                  methylmalonic acidemia, skeletal
                    dysplasia, chronic renal disease, or
                      prior long-term steroid exposure), as
                  these conditions may cause complex
                     skeletal changes beyond bone
                    maturation.
                – Images showing anatomical
                     variations or notable abnormalities
                       (e.g., bone tumors, sequelae of
                     fractures, or congenital deformities) in
                   the region required for interpretation
                  are excluded from the intended use.
  Environment
                  Healthcare facility/Hospital             Healthcare facility/Hospital
     of Use

  Intended User   Pediatric radiologist                      Pediatric radiologist

      Clinical
               Bone age assessment              Bone age assessment
   Condition

   Image Input    Complies with DICOM standard        Complies with DICOM standard

   Scan Type    X-ray                                 X-ray

   Anatomical
                     Left hand and wrist                       Left hand and wrist
     Area
  Image Display
                     Static                                     Static
    Mode
      Artificial
   Intelligence    Yes                            Yes
   Algorithm
     Image
 Navigation and
              No                          No
  Manipulation
     Tools
   2D Image
              No                          No
    Review
    Manual
   Landmark    No                          No
   Placement
     Semiautomatic
              No                          No
   Landmark
   Placement
   Quantitative
               Bone age assessment (years)        Bone age assessment (years)
    Analysis
     Report
                Yes                          No
    Creation

The MediAI-BA and the predicate device EFAI BAPXR (K234042) are both AI-based automated
radiological image processing software designed  to  assist  pediatric  radiologists  in bone age
assessment using 2D Posterior-Anterior (PA) X-ray images of the left hand and wrist.

Both devices employ deep learning algorithms to analyze input images and generate bone age
estimates. They operate in healthcare facilities and hospitals, are intended for pediatric radiologists,


                                             3  / 5

and are classified under 21 CFR 892.2050, Product Code QIH, Class II.

   Brief Summary of Performance Testing
   CRESCOM conducted an independent performance evaluation study of MediAI-BA.
    The test dataset consisted of 600 cases aged 2–18 years, collected from five sites across multiple
     states and multiple clinical organizations in the United States. The study population included 50.0%
    males and 50.0% females, and the racial/ethnic composition comprised White, Hispanic, Black, Asian
   & Pacific Islander, among others.

    The X-ray scanner manufacturers used for the images included Samsung Electronics, Carestream
     Health, Kodak, Siemens, and Konica Minolta. (None of the cases used in this study were utilized for
     training or development of the MediAI-BA model.)

    By comparing the software’s bone age analysis results with the ground truth established by four
     evaluators, MediAI-BA was confirmed to meet all of the predefined performance criteria described
     below.

             In the Deming regression analysis, the slope was 1.000 (95% CI: 0.989–1.002) and the
              intercept was 0.08 (95% CI: −0.004–0.158), which is close to zero. The confidence intervals
             included 1 for the slope and 0 for the intercept, indicating no significant proportional or
             systematic bias between the software and the reference standard measurements.
             In the Bland–Altman analysis, the 95% limits of agreement for bone age assessment
           between the ground truth and MediAI-BA outputs ranged from −0.66 (−1.96 SD) to 0.71
             (+1.96 SD), demonstrating high consistency and agreement.
           When the frequency distribution (histogram) of differences between MediAI-BA bone age
           measurements and the reference standard was analyzed with a bin width of 0.25 years, the
          mean difference was 0.026 years and the standard deviation was 0.3505 years, with most
            cases clustered near zero. Additionally, 89% of all cases demonstrated a difference of less
             than 0.5 years between the ground truth values and the software output.

     Therefore, the automatic AI-based bone age assessment software, MediAI-BA, demonstrated
    performance comparable to bone age readings obtained by human evaluators using the GP atlas
    method.

   We evaluated the consistency and accuracy of the heatmaps provided as visual evidence for MediAIBA.

    Consistency tests showed that most of the 30 evaluation cases met the predefined criterion (SSIM ≥
     0.85). All cases met the criteria under brightness adjustment and Gaussian noise conditions, and all
      five cases under rotation conditions also met the criteria. While some cases exhibited low SSIM scores
    under extreme conditions, such situations are considered highly unlikely to occur in real-world clinical
    imaging settings.
    Accuracy tests revealed that bone age changes were observed in 27 of the 30 cases when the
     highlighted region of the heatmap was masked. In the remaining three cases, similar bone age values
    were observed in other regions even when a specific region was masked, indicating that masking did
     not significantly impact the evaluation results.

     In conclusion, MediAI-BA's heatmap function demonstrated reliable visual consistency and accuracy
    across most test cases. Therefore, heatmaps can be used as a supplementary reference for
    understanding the interpretation of AI analysis results.


                                                 4  / 5

   Conclusion
    Based on the nonclinical and clinical evidence, MediAI-BA is substantially equivalent to the legally
    marketed predicate device in terms of safety, effectiveness, and performance. The device introduces
    no new risks and demonstrates comparable functionality and optimized workflow efficiency in bone
    age assessment, supporting its suitability for regulatory clearance.


                                                 5  / 5