September 29, 2025

Disior Ltd
℅ Kelsey Gibson
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Paragon 28, Inc.
14445 Grasslands Dr.
Englewood, CO 80134


Re: K250023
    Trade/Device Name: Smart PCFD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 29, 2025
    Received: August 29, 2025

Dear Kelsey Gibson:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250023 - Kelsey Gibson                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250023 - Kelsey Gibson                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250023                                                           I
Device Name
ISMART PCFD

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SMART PCFD software includes Al-powered algorithms and is intended to be used to support
 orthopedic healthcare professionals in the diagnosis and surgical planning of Progressive Collapsing
 Foot Deformity (PCFD)  in a hospital or clinic environment. The medical image modality intended to
 be used in the software is weight-bearing CT (WBCT).

 SMART PCFD software provides for the user:

 * Visualization report of the three-dimensional (3D) mathematical models and measurements of the
 anatomical structures of foot and ankle and three-dimensional models of orthopedic fixation devices,
 * Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and ankle, and
 * Surgical planning application for visualization of foot and ankle anatomical three-dimensional
 structures, radiographic measures, and surgical instrument parameters supporting the following
 common flatfoot procedures: Medial Displacement Calcaneal Osteotomy (MDCO), Lateral Column
 Lengthening (LCL), and Cotton Osteotomy (CO).

 The visualization report containing the measurements is intended to be used to support orthopedic
 healthcare professionals in the diagnosis of PCFD. The surgical planning application contains the
 visualizations of the three-dimensional structural models, orthopedic fixation device models and
 surgical instrument parameters combined with the measurements  is intended to be used to support
 orthopedic healthcare professionals in surgical planning of PCFD.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K250023
510(K) SUMMARY

 510(k) Number:    K250023
 Manufacturer:      Disior Ltd
              HTC Helsinki, Building Pinta, Tammasaarenkatu 3
                      Helsinki Uusimaa, FL, 00180, Finland

 Contact:          Markuu Laitinen
                       Director of Enabling Technology
                    Phone: +358 405 430 673
                     Email: mlaitinen@paragon28.com

 Prepared By:       Kelsey R. Gibson
                     Regulatory Affairs Specialist II

                    Paragon 28, Inc.
                   14445 Grasslands Dr.,
                    Englewood, CO, 80134
                    Phone: 720-994-5458
 Date Prepared:                    September 26, 2025
 Device              SMART PCFD TradeName:

 Device Class and
 Common Name:     Class II, Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Classification:      21 CFR 892.2050: Medical image management and processing system

 Product Codes:    QIH

 Indications     for SMART PCFD software includes AI-powered algorithms and is intended to be used to
 Use:                 support orthopedic healthcare professionals in the diagnosis and surgical planning of
                      Progressive Collapsing Foot Deformity (PCFD) in a hospital or clinic environment. The
                     medical image modality intended to be used in the software is weight-bearing CT
                 (WBCT).

              SMART PCFD software provides for the user:
                        •   Visualization report of the three-dimensional (3D) mathematical models and
                          measurements  of  the anatomical  structures  of  foot and  ankle and  threedimensional models of orthopedic fixation devices,
                        •  Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and ankle, and

                                                                                   Page 1 of 5

K250023
                       •  Surgical planning application for visualization of foot and ankle anatomical threedimensional  structures,  radiographic  measures,  and  surgical  instrument
                           parameters  supporting  the  following common  flatfoot  procedures: Medial
                          Displacement Calcaneal Osteotomy (MDCO), Lateral Column Lengthening
                          (LCL), and Cotton Osteotomy (CO).

                 The visualization report containing the measurements is intended to be used to support
                     orthopedic healthcare professionals in the diagnosis of PCFD. The surgical planning
                      application contains the  visualizations of the three-dimensional  structural models,
                     orthopedic fixation device models and surgical instrument parameters combined with the
                   measurements is intended to be used to support orthopedic healthcare professionals in
                       surgical planning of PCFD.

Device            The SMART PCFD software is intended to be used in reviewing and digitally processing
Description:        computed tomography images for the purposes of interpretation by a specialized medical
                        practitioner. The device segments the medical images and creates a 3D model of the bones
                      of the foot and ankle. Measurements, including anatomical axes, are provided to the user
                   and the device allows for presurgical planning.

                 The device includes the same machine learning derived outputs as the primary predicate
             SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT (K240642) device and no new validations were conducted.

                      Details on the previously performed validation are summarized below. The testing for 82
              CT image series presented 100% correctly identified bones of foot and ankle. The
                      existence of metal was identified correctly for 98.8% of the images (specificity 98%,
                        sensitivity 100%).

                   Study Subjects
                 The AI algorithm for bone identification was developed using 145 CT image studies and
                    metal identification was developed using 130 CT image studies. Testing was carried out
                     using 82 CT image studies. Out of 357 CT image studies, 340 were from individual
                       patients with few studies from same patient with different foot alignments. The CT image
                        series’ were collected from various sites across USA and Europe with a minimum of 50%
                      of the images originating from the USA. The CT image studies were from patients with
                        different ages and racial groups, with minimum of 35% male/female within each dataset,
                    with mean age approximately 47 years (SD 15 years), and representatives from White,
                     (Non-)Hispanic, African American, and Native racial groups. Each dataset was balanced
                       in terms of subjects with different foot alignment, demographics, imaging devices and
                    with subjects from clinical subgroups ranging from control/normal feet (44% with test
                      data) to pre-/post-operative clinical conditions such as Hallux Valgus, Progressive
                     Collapsing Foot Deformity, fractures, or with metal implants (40% of the test data).

                   Imaging Systems
                 The 357 image studies were collected using CT imaging system made by five (5)
                    manufacturers (7 different models in total). From the test data of 82 images, 61% of the
                   images were acquired using Curvebeam PedCAT, 11% with Planmed Verify, and 26%
                    with Carestream OnSight 3D Extremity. In addition, system test data contains images
                     acquired with Toshiba Somatom. Typical imaging protocol is disclosed within the IFU,
                   however, the test data contains wider range of parameters for generalization (tube

                                                                                  Page 2 of 5

K250023
                      voltages between 90-120 kV, tube currents 5-8 mA, and slice thickness/pixel spacing
                    0.37-1.5mm).

                  Ground Truth
                 The ground truths for bone and metal identification were independently established by
                      three (3) U.S. Orthopedic surgeons with a 3rd party software. Each clinicians reviewed
                    each of the DICOM series through axial/sagittal/coronal views and/or 3D reconstruction
                   and marked on a spreadsheet the presence of a bone and metal in the image series. Based
                  on the majority vote of three, two same responses were required to establish a ground
                        truth on each of the DICOM series.

                      Training, Tuning, and Validation Data Independence
                 The SMART PCFD software machine learning algorithm training and tuning data used
                     during the algorithm development, as well as test data used in the standalone software
                    performance assessment study, were all independent data sets. Each CT image study was
                    allowed to be allocated to only data set.

Predicate:       SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT (K240642)

Substantial        The Indications for Use of the subject device and the predicate device are similar.
Equivalence:        Differences do not constitute a different intended use because both devices are intended
                       to provide 3D models, measurements, and presurgical planning generated from CT input
                       to orthopaedic healthcare professionals.

                 The subject and predicate devices have similar technological characteristics. The main
                      differences being in the surgical planning case report output for the device since the
                      subject device is for Progressive Collapsing Foot Deformity (PCFD) while the predicate
                     device is for Lapidus Arthrodesis. In support of the claim of substantial equivalence the
                   comparison between the subject and predicate systems demonstrates a shared input,
                  image processing, measuring and planning capabilities, and user interface.

                                                              Primary Predicate       Additional Predicate                                              Subject Device                                                                         Device                  Device
                        Manufacturer         Disior Ltd                Disior Ltd                Disior Ltd
                       Trade Name                   SMART Bun-Yo-Matic                             SMART PCFD                                      Bonelogic                                                  CT
                          510(k)          Subject Device          K240642               K223757
                            Indications   SMART PCFD software SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT  Bonelogic software is to
                            for Use          includes AI-powered     software is to be used by    be used by orthopaedic
                                             algorithms and is         orthopaedic healthcare       healthcare professionals
                                             intended to be used to     professionals for diagnosis   for diagnosis and surgical
                                             support orthopedic       and surgical planning in a    planning in a hospital or
                                               healthcare professionals   hospital or clinic              clinic environment.
                                                 in the diagnosis and      environment. The medical
                                                surgical planning of      imaging type intended to be  Bonelogic software
                                             Progressive Collapsing   used as the input of the       provides:
                                          Foot Deformity (PCFD)  software is Computed       •  Semi-automatic
                                                 in a hospital or clinic    Tomography (CT).              segmentation with
                                           environment. The                                   manual or assisted
                                          medical image modality SMART Bun-Yo-Matic CT       input of bony
                                             intended to be used in    software provides:                structure
                                               the software is weight-     • Visualization report of         identification from
                                             bearing CT (WBCT).           the three-dimensional    CT imaging input,
                                                                                  Page 3 of 5

K250023
                             mathematical models   •  Three-dimensional
SMART PCFD software       of the anatomical          mathematical models
provides for the user:            structures of foot and       of the anatomical
•   Visualization report       ankle and three-             structures of foot and
    of the three-              dimensional models         ankle,
    dimensional (3D)          of orthopaedic        •  Measurement
    mathematical               fixation devices,           templates containing
    models and           • Measurement templates       radiographic
    measurements of the       containing                measures of foot and
    anatomical                radiographic measures      ankle, and tools for
     structures of foot          of foot and ankle,          manually obtaining
    and ankle and three-   • Surgical planning              lines and angular
    dimensional models        application for            measurements,
    of orthopedic               visualization of foot    •  Surgical planning
     fixation devices,          and ankle anatomical       application for foot
•   Measurement              three-dimensional         and ankle using threetemplates containing        structures,                dimensional models
    radiographic               radiographic               of the anatomical
    measures of foot          measures, and surgical      structures and
    and ankle, and             instrument                 radiographic
•   Surgical planning          parameters.               measures.
    application for
     visualization of foot   The visualization report    The three-dimensional
    and ankle             containing the            models of the anatomical
    anatomical three-     measurements can be used  structures combined with
    dimensional            for the diagnosis of         the measurements can be
     structures,            orthopaedic healthcare     used for the diagnosis of
    radiographic           conditions. The surgical    orthopaedic healthcare
    measures, and         planning application        conditions. The surgical
     surgical instrument    containing the             planning application
    parameters             visualizations of the three-  containing the threesupporting the        dimensional structural      dimensional structural
    following common    models, orthopaedic       models combined with the
     flatfoot procedures:    fixation device models and measurements can be used
    Medial                 surgical instrument          for the planning of
    Displacement         parameters combined with  treatments and operations
    Calcaneal             the measurements can be    to correct orthopaedic
    Osteotomy           used for the planning of     healthcare conditions of
   (MDCO), Lateral      treatments and operations   foot and ankle.
   Column                to correct orthopaedic
    Lengthening (LCL),   healthcare conditions of
    and Cotton            foot and ankle.
    Osteotomy (CO).

The visualization report
containing the
measurements is
intended to be used to
support orthopedic
healthcare professionals
in the diagnosis of
PCFD. The surgical
planning application
contains the
visualizations of the
three-dimensional
structural models,
orthopedic fixation
device models and

                                                 Page 4 of 5

K250023
                                                surgical instrument
                                            parameters combined
                                           with the measurements is
                                             intended to be used to
                                             support orthopedic
                                               healthcare professionals
                                                 in surgical planning of
                                   PCFD.
                         Input          Weight Bearing CT      Computed tomography    Computed tomography
                             DICOM Computed     DICOM Computed      DICOM Computed
                                        tomography             tomography              tomography
                       Image          Segmentation of bone     Segmentation of bone      Segmentation of bone
                          Processing       structures                   structures                   structures
                       Output        Automated case report of  Automated case report of
                                               the 3D model of patient    the 3D model of patient   3D model of patient
                                          anatomy, surgical         anatomy, surgical         anatomy and case report
                                             instrument parameters,     instrument parameters, and of the 3D model patient
                                        and visualization of        visualization of implant    anatomy
                                            implant
                        Measuring     Perform measurements    Perform measurements for  Perform measurements for
                      and Planning    for presurgical planning    presurgical planning        presurgical planning
                        User            Graphical user interface    Graphical user interface                                                                                                Graphical user interface                            Interface       (GUI) to a web           (GUI) to a web application                                                                                      (GUI) built on the Unity                                                application used with a    used with a standard web                                                                                         development engine.                                             standard web browser.     browser.

                     Differences do not introduce new questions of safety and effectiveness.
Performance        All necessary testing has been performed on the SMART PCFD device to assure
Testing:              substantial equivalence to its predicate and demonstrate the subject device performs as
                      intended.

                    Software Verification and Validation
                    Software verification and validation were carried out based on the “Guidance for the
                    Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”, at the
                         unit, integration, and system levels to determine substantial equivalence to the predicate
                      device.

                     Non-Clinical Bench Testing
                   Performance testing was conducted to evaluate the Surgical Planning Component of the
                      device. The Surgical Planning Component was  tested with multiple images and
                      appropriate outputs for the subject device were evaluated by qualified truthers. Results
                  showed  the  subject  device  performed  as  intended.  Surgery  planning  executes
                    mathematical operations for estimated correction ±1 degree for angular measurements
                   and ±1.0 mm for distance measurements.

                       Clinical data are not needed to support the safety and effectiveness of the subject device.
Conclusions:       The SMART PCFD device subject to this submission possesses the same intended use
                   and has similar technological characteristics as the predicate device. All performance
                        testing conducted for the SMART PCFD device met the predetermined acceptance
                         criteria or were otherwise considered acceptable. As such, the SMART PCFD device is
                       substantially equivalent to the predicate device for the intended use.


                                                                                  Page 5 of 5