November 3, 2025
Pie Medical Imaging B.V.
Annemiek Bouts
Regulatory Affairs Coordinator
Philipsweg 1
Maastricht, Limburg 6227 AJ
Netherlands

Re: K250330
    Trade/Device Name: 3mensio Workstation
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: September 29, 2025
    Received: September 29, 2025

Dear Annemiek Bouts:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250330 - Annemiek Bouts                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250330 - Annemiek Bouts                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for Use
~~~~~
  Submission Number (if known)I
  I K250330
  Device Name
  I 3mensio Workstation

  Indications for Use (Describe)
  Standalone software for medical image analysis intended for advanced visualization and quantitative
   analysis for diagnostics in the field of cardiology or radiology by means of enabling visualization and
  measurement of structures of the heart and vessels for:
    - Pre-operational planning and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and surgery
    - Postoperative evaluation
    - Support of clinical diagnosis by quantifying dimensions in coronary arteries
    - Support of clinical diagnosis by quantifying calcifications (calcium scoring)

  To facilitate the above, the 3mensio Workstation provides general functionality such as:
    - Segmentation of cardiovascular structures
    - Automatic and manual centerline detection
    - Visualization and image reconstruction techniques: 2D review, Volume Rendering, MPR, Curved
  MPR, Stretched CMRP, Slabbing, MIP, AIP, MinlP
    - Measurement and annotation tools
    - Reporting tools
  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              cg] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                           'i!\n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

510(k) Summary – K250330 3mensio Workstation


 510(k) Summary                K250330 3mensio Workstation             Pie Medical Imaging BV

I – General Information
 Submitter/Owner Name      Pie Medical Imaging BV
 Address                    Demertdwarsstraat 8A01 , 6227 AK Maastricht, The Netherlands
 Phone Number             +31 43 32 81 328
 Contact Person             Annemiek Bouts, Regulatory Affairs Coordinator
 Email Address                regulatory@pie.nl

 Trade Name               3mensio Workstation

 Classification                 Regulation Name:            Medical Image Management and Processing System
                              Regulation Class:              Class II
                              Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.2050
                                   Classification Product Code:   QIH, LLZ

 Predicate Devices           Primary predicate device: 3mensio Workstation (K153736, 21 CFR 892.2050, LLZ)
                           Secondary predicate device: TOMTEC-ARENA (K213544, 21 CFR 892.2050, LLZ, QIH)

II - Device Description
3mensio Workstation is an image post-processing software package for advanced visualization and analysis for
diagnostics in the field of cardiology and radiology and offers functionality to view CT/X-Ray angiographic and
ultrasound images, to segment cardiovascular structures in these images and to analyze and quantify these
cardiovascular structures and to present the results in different formats.

3mensio Workstation can be deployed as a web-based solution intended for usage in a network or cloud environment
or as a standalone package and runs on a PC with a Windows operating system. It can read DICOM images from an
accessible file system, hard disk (local directory), or (indirectly) received from the CT or PACS system. 3mensio
Workstation provides the functionality to import the DICOM images and to organize the loaded DICOM images into
patients, studies, and series.

3mensio Workstation contains two analysis modules: 3mensio Vascular and 3mensio Structural Heart:
    •   3mensio Vascular enables assessment of vessels and can help to measure calcifications, aneurysms and other
        anomalies to quickly and reliably prepare for various types of vascular procedures.
    •   3mensio Structural Heart enables assessment and measurement of different structures of the heart, e.g., the
        heart valves, coronary arteries and the ventricles. It provides analysis of different approach routes to
         cardiovascular structures for replacement or repair procedures. In addition, it can help in the quantification of
          calcifications.

Results can be displayed on the screen, printed, or saved in a variety of formats to hard disk, network or PACS system.
Results and clinical images with overlay can also be printed as a hardcopy and exported in various electronic formats.

III – Intended Use and Indications for Use
Intended Use
Standalone diagnostic bioimaging software is intended to measure and visualize cardiovascular structures.

Indications for Use
Standalone software for medical image analysis intended for advanced visualization and quantitative analysis for
diagnostics in the field of cardiology or radiology by means of enabling visualization and measurement of the heart and
vessels for:
    •   Pre-operational planning and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and surgery
    •   Postoperative evaluation
    •   Support of clinical diagnosis by quantifying dimensions of coronary arteries
    •   Support of clinical diagnosis by quantifying calcifications (calcium scoring)


Pie Medical Imaging BV                                                                     Page 1 of 5

510(k) Summary – K250330 3mensio Workstation


To facilitate the above, the 3mensio Workstation provides general functionality such as:
•       Segmentation of cardiovascular structures
•       Automatic and manual centerline detection
•        Visualization and image reconstruction techniques: 2D review, Volume Rendering, MPR, Curved MPR,
        Stretched CMPR, Slabbing, MIP, AIP, MinIP
•      Measurement and annotation tools
•       Reporting tools

IV - Substantial equivalence comparison
The devices 3mensio Workstation (K153736) and TOMTEC-ARENA (K213544) have been selected as predicate devices
for 3mensio Workstation. The selected devices have technological features and characteristics comparable to 3mensio
Workstation and are intended to be used by or under supervision of a cardiologist or radiologist to support clinical
decision making of cardiovascular conditions.

The primary predicate device, 3mensio Workstation (K153736), is an earlier version of the current 3mensio Workstation
product. The indications for use of the two devices are similar. The two products provide the same functionalities for
advanced visualization and measurements of structures of the heart, heart valves and vessels to assist in preoperational planning and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and surgery and postoperative evaluation. Additionally
they both feature functionality for segmentation of cardiovascular structures, quantify dimensions and calcifications in
coronary arteries and have measurement and annotation tools. All these functionalities are supported in both the new
3mensio Workstation product and the predicate device 3mensio Workstation (K153736). Therefore, the predicate
device 3mensio Workstation (K153736) is selected as the primary predicate device.

The differences in technological characteristics between the predicate device K153736 and the device 3mensio
Workstation are that the new 3mensio Workstation runs from a web browser intended for usage in a network or cloud
environment. Predicate device K153736 is only a standalone usage device. Furthermore, 3mensio Workstation includes
calcium quantification of more cardiovascular structures than the predicate device K153736 which only included
calcium quantification in the coronary arteries. In addition, the 3mensio Workstation includes machine learning (ML)
features for some of the functionalities already available in the primary predicate device.

Another difference between the previous generation of the 3mensio Workstation product, 3mensio Workstation
(K153736) and the current device is a workflow for mitral valve analysis on 3D ultrasound images (3D US mitral valve).
The selected secondary predicate device, TOMTEC-ARENA (K213544), offers similar functionality and is therefore
selected as a secondary predicate device. Both software applications use the same types of data and operating
principles for the user and technology regarding data import, analysis, image display and storage of results.

A summary of the technological characteristics of the subject device and predicate devices is demonstrated in the Table
below.


                          Subject Device              Primary predicate device    Secondary predicate        Comparison
                                                                                device
  Device Name           3mensio Workstation       3mensio Workstation      TOMTEC                       /
  510(k) Number         K250330                 K153736                 K213544                       /
  Product Code           QIH, LLZ                     LLZ                            LLZ, QIH                        Similar, the subject device
                                                                                                    implements AI/ML
                                                                                                                algorithms
  Classification           Medical image              Medical image              Medical image           Same
                     management and          management and          management and
                          processing system            processing system            processing system
  Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050           21 CFR 892.2050           21 CFR 892.2050          Same
  Intended Use           Standalone diagnostic       3mensio Workstation is a    TOMTEC-ARENA software    Same, both the subject
                         bioimaging software is       software solution that is        is a clinical software          device and primary
                         intended to measure and     intended to provide         package designed for         predicate device generally
                              visualize cardiovascular       Cardiologists, Radiologists    review, quantification and    share the intended use to
                             structures.                and Clinical Specialists        reporting of structures and   enable visualization and
                                                          additional information to     function based            measurement of
                                                          aid them in reading and     on multi-dimensional         cardiovascular structures.
                                                           interpreting DICOM            digital medical data
                                                    compliant medical images    acquired with different
                                                         of structures of the heart     modalities. TOMTECand vessels.             ARENA is not intended to


Pie Medical Imaging BV                                                                     Page 2 of 5

510(k) Summary – K250330 3mensio Workstation


                                                3mensio Structural Heart    be used for reading of
                                                     enables the user to:        mammography images.
                                                   • Visualize and measure
                                                          (diameters, lengths,
                                                            areas, volumes, angles)
                                                            structures of the heart
                                                and vessels
                                                   • Quantify calcium
                                                       (volume, density)

                                                3mensio Vascular enables
                                                    the user to:
                                                   • Visualize and assess
                                                               stenosis, aneurysms and
                                                           vascular structures
                                                   • Measure the dimensions
                                                           of vessels (diameters,
                                                             lengths, areas, volumes,
                                                           angles)

  Indications for Use       Standalone software for     3mensio Workstation         Indications for use of       Same for the subject device
                         medical image analysis       enables visualization and     TomTec-Arena TTA2        and primary predicate
                         intended for advanced      measurement of             software are quantification   device. Additionally, the
                             visualization and              structures of the heart and   and reporting of              subject device includes
                           quantitative analysis for       vessels for:                   cardiovascular, fetal,          functionality for calcium
                            diagnostics in the field of     • Pre-operational planning   abdominal structures and     quantification in in other
                           cardiology or radiology by     and sizing for               function of patients with      cardiovascular structures
                     means of enabling              cardiovascular             suspected disease to        then only coronary arteries.
                             visualization and                interventions and          support the physician in
                      measurement of the heart      surgery                   the diagnosis.               For the secondary predicate
                      and vessels for:             • Postoperative evaluation                                  device, only quantification
                        • Pre-operational planning   • Support of clinical                                 and reporting of
                        and sizing for                 diagnosis by quantifying                                  cardiovascular structures is
                             cardiovascular              dimensions in coronary                                   applicable for this
                             interventions and              arteries                                              comparison. Other
                            surgery                                                                          anatomical structures are
                        • Postoperative evaluation   To facilitate the above, the                              not relevant for the
                        • Support of clinical         3mensio Workstation                                   comparison.
                             diagnosis by quantifying    provides general
                          dimensions of coronary     functionality such as:
                               arteries                  • Segmentation of
                        • Support of clinical            cardiovascular structures
                             diagnosis by quantifying    • Automatic and manual
                                calcifications (calcium         centerline detection
                              scoring)                  • Visualization and image
                                                          reconstruction
                      To facilitate the above, the     techniques: 2D review,
                       3mensio Workstation         Volume Rendering, MPR,
                          provides general             Curved MPR, Stretched
                             functionality such as:         CMPR, Slabbing, MIP,
                        • Segmentation of              AIP, MinI
                             cardiovascular structures   • Measurement and
                        • Automatic and manual       annotation too
                              centerline detection       • Reporting tools
                        • Visualization and image
                             reconstruction
                            techniques: 2D review,
                       Volume Rendering, MPR,
                         Curved MPR, Stretched
                      CMPR, Slabbing, MIP,
                              AIP, MinIP
                        • Measurement and
                           annotation tools
                        • Reporting tools

  Anatomical Site         Segmentation,              Segmentation,              Segmentation,            Same for the subject device
                             quantification, review, and    quantification, review, and    quantification, review, and   and primary predicate
                           reporting of cardiovascular   reporting of cardiovascular   reporting of                  device. For the secondary
                            structures                    structures                    cardiovascular, fetal and      predicate device, only
                                                                           abdominal structures.         quantification and reporting


Pie Medical Imaging BV                                                                     Page 3 of 5

510(k) Summary – K250330 3mensio Workstation


                                                                                                                     of cardiovascular structures
                                                                                                                                                             is applicable for this
                                                                                                          comparison. Other
                                                                                                            anatomical structures are
                                                                                                         not relevant for the
                                                                                                          comparison.
  Design                 Software as a medical        Software as a medical        Software as a medical       The subject device can be
                           device: standalone and       device (standalone)          device (standalone)         deployed either standalone
                       web-based (on-premise                                                               or web-based (on-premise
                      and in the cloud)                                                           and in the cloud) but this
                                                                                                                     difference does not impact
                                                                                                           the intended use,
                                                                                                                         indications for use, safety
                                                                                               and performance of the
                                                                                                                       device. Any risks related to
                                                                                                  web-based availability (both
                                                                                                        on-premise and in the
                                                                                                                   cloud) are mitigated by
                                                                                                                    cybersecurity measures.
 Data Import and Type    • Vendor independent       • Vendor independent       • Vendor independent      Same, the subject device
                        • CT data in DICOM format   • CT data in DICOM format   • Ultrasound data (2D and    includes data types of both
                        • X-Ray data in DICOM       • X-Ray data in DICOM        3D) in DICOM format       predicate device combined.
                          format                     format
                        • Ultrasound data (2D and    • Ultrasound data (2D) in
                         3D) in DICOM format       DICOM format

 Data Management      • Study list overview         • Study list overview         Note: features not          Same, the subject device
                        • Deleting                  • Deleting                 mentioned since they are    and primary predicate
                        • Exporting                 • Exporting                 not relevant for this          device use the same types
                        • Anonymizing              • Anonymizing              comparison.                  of data management
                        • Search                   • Search                                                        functionality.
 Image Processing and    • Realign orthogonal         • Realign orthogonal         Note: features not          Both the subject and
 Contour Definition       MPR’s                   MPR’s                  mentioned since they are     primary predicate device
                        • Segmentation toolset:      • Segmentation toolset:      not relevant for this          include automated and
                                       - Automatic                        - Automatic               comparison.               manual segmentation
                           segmentation (both AI       segmentation (non-AI)                                    functionality and both
                         and non-AI)                      - Manual segmentation                                 devices include the option
                                       - Manual segmentation         - Automatic centerline                                      for the physician to review
                                       - Automatic centerline          - Manual centerline                               and edit the segmentation.
                                       - Manual centerline              - Growing centerline                               The segmentation toolset in
                                       - Growing centerline            - Centerline editing                                   the subject device
                                       - Centerline editing       Volume sculpting                                             additionally includes ML
                        • Volume sculpting                                                                         features.
 Image Assessment       • Linear (length and         • Linear (length and         • Linear (length and        Same, the subject device
                            diameter), area and          diameter), area and          diameter), area and       and primary predicate
                           angle measurements         angle measurements         angle measurements       device use the same image
                        • Volume measurements     • Volume measurements     • Volume measurements     assessment functionality.
                        • C-arm angulation          • C-arm angulation          • Text, arrow and 3D         Also the secondary
                              calculation                    calculation                  annotations                predicate device uses
                        • Text, arrow and 3D         • Text, arrow and 3D                                       relevant image assessment
                           annotations                 annotations                                            types for analysis of 3D
                        • Calcium scoring            • Calcium scoring                                        ultrasound images.
                        • Valve assessment          • Valve assessment
 Image Display           • Orthogonal, oblique,       • Orthogonal, oblique,       • Oblique, double-oblique    Same, both the subject
                            double-oblique, curved,      double-oblique, curved,      views                      device and primary
                             cross-curved, stretched       cross-curved, stretched     • Volume rendering          predicate device use the
                      MPR, curved MPR views     MPR, curved MPR views    • 4D cine                same types of image display.
                        • MIP, AIP, MinIP and color   • MIP, AIP, MinIP and color                           The secondary predicate
                        volume slabs              volume slabs                                           device uses relevant image
                        • Volume rendering         • Volume rendering                                          display features for analysis
                        • 2D slice review and stack   • 2D slice review and stack                                  of 3D ultrasound images.
                         comparison                comparison
                        • 4D cine                   • 4D cine
                        • Multi-tissue color and      • Multi-tissue color and
                            opacity control               opacity control
                        • Virtual device displays       Virtual device displays
  Storage and Export of    Session states                Session states             Not relevant for            Same.
  Results              PDF reports              PDF reports                 comparison.


Pie Medical Imaging BV                                                                     Page 4 of 5

510(k) Summary – K250330 3mensio Workstation


V - Performance Data
Verification and validation of the 3mensio Workstation showed that the system requirements – derived from the
indications for use and defined user needs – as well as risk control measures were implemented correctly, and that the
device meets its specifications including conformance to the international recognized process standards (i.e., ISO
13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62304, IEC 62366-1, and IEC 82304-1).

Documentation is provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions
for Software Contained in Medical Devices” and verification and validation was performed per the FDA Guidance
“Technical Performance Assessment of Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device Premarket Submission’.
Performance testing was conducted where the results of automatically determined segmentation and measurements
was evaluated against ground-truth values manually obtained by experts with the primary predicate device. The results
showed high accuracy and agreement with the predicate device, meeting all predefined acceptance criteria. The
performance tests included statistical methods such as Bland-Altman analysis, intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC)
calculations and Dice coefficient.

Testing Characteristics
The performance testing was based upon a multi-centric observational cohort study involving MSCT datasets of 65
patients indicated for valvular intervention. The cohort comprised of at least 50% datasets from USA. The age range of
the studied cohort was 38-99 years, with 50% female subjects. The cohort included CT scans from different CT
manufacturers and covered imaging parameters such as different slice thickness and contrast enhancement. No
datasets were included that were used for training the machine learning models.

Testing Methodology and Statistical Approach
The accuracy of the automatically determined segmentations was evaluated using Dice scores. The segmentations
covered various cardiovascular structures including the aortic nadir positions, mitral annulus plane tricuspid annulus.
The accuracy of automatically determined measurements was evaluated using Bland-Altman analysis and the intraclass
correlation coefficient (ICC).

Segmentation Results
The resulting Dice scores ranged from 0.94 ± 0.07 for the mitral annulus, 0.87 ± 0.12 for the tricuspid annulus. The
average distance from the automatically detected nadir positions towards the ground truth annular plane was -/- 0.64 ±
1.07 mm. These values demonstrate that a high accuracy is achieved for the automatically determined segmentations
meeting the pre-defined acceptance criteria.

Measurements Results:
The ICC values were 0.99 for the measurements on the aortic annulus plane derived from the aortic nadir positions,
0.94 and above for the measurements on the mitral annulus and 0.97 and above for the measurements on the tricuspid
annulus indicating excellent agreement with the ground-truth values obtained by experts. Bland-Altman analysis shows
excellent agreement between the automatically determined measurements and the measurements obtained by
experts.

Based on the above it can be concluded that the automatically determined segmentations and measurements are as
accurate and reliable as those obtained using the predicate device. Overall, comparable performance was achieved on
all variability factors including geographic location, scanners, slice thickness, age, and gender.

The verification and validation results demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of 3mensio Workstation in relation to
its intended use and indications for use and therefore 3mensio Workstation can be considered as safe and effective as
its predicate devices.

VI - Conclusion
Based on the application of risk management and performance testing inherent to PMI’s QA system (compliant with
recognized standards as stated above) the conclusion is that 3mensio Workstation is as safe and effective as its
predicate device in terms of indications for use, technological characteristics, measurements, and operating
environment and does not raise any new issues related to safety and effectiveness compared to the predicate devices.


Pie Medical Imaging BV                                                                     Page 5 of 5