May 28, 2025

Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd.
Paul Chang
Regulatory Affairs Staff
3F., No. 1, Fuxing 4th Rd., Qianzhen Dist.,
Kaohsiung City, 806611
Taiwan

Re: K250427
    Trade/Device Name: TAIMedImg DeepMets
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB, QIH
    Dated: May 15, 2025
    Received: May 15, 2025

Dear Paul Chang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250427 - Paul Chang                                                                 Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).
Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250427 - Paul Chang                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

Please provide the device trade name(s).
TAIMedimg DeepMets

Please provide your Indications for Use below.
TAIMedimg DeepMets is a software device intended to assist trained medical professionals by providing
initial object contours on axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced (T1WI+C) brain magnetic resonance (MR)
images to accelerate workflow for radiation therapy treatment planning.
TAIMedimg DeepMets is intended only for patients with known (imaging diagnosed) brain metastases (BM)
when cancer cells spread from primary site to the brain. It is not intended to be used with images of other
brain tumors or other body parts. The software is intended for use with BM lesions with a diameter of = 10
mm.
TAIMedImg DeepMets uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to contour images and offers automated
segmentation for Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of brain metastases. The software is an adjunctive
tool and not intended for replacing the users’ current standard practice of manual contouring process. All
automatic output generated by the software shall be thoroughly reviewed by a trained medical professional
prior to delivering any therapy or treatment. The physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the
final diagnosis and treatment decision.
TAIMedimg DeepMets is intended to be used by medical professionals trained in the use of the device.
Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered valid input. DeepMets does not support DICOM
images of patients that have one of the following exclusions:
(i) presence of prior craniotomy, (ii) patients with clinical imaging diagnosis of brain tumors other than BM,
(iil) Images with patient motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
inadequate.
Medical professionals must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by TAlIMedimg DeepMets,
as necessary, using an external platform available at the facility that supports DICOM-RT viewing/editing
functions, such as image visualization software and treatment planning system.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both,as  [X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

applicable). [5] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
TAIMedimg DeepMets Page 9 of 37

K250427

                 510(k) Summary


The following information is provided as required by 21 CFR 807.92.

1  Submitter Information

    Company Name:        Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd.

                                    3F., No. 1, Fuxing 4th Rd., Qianzhen Dist.,
     Address:               Kaohsiung City 806611
                           Taiwan

     Contact Person:         Bo-Ru Lin

     Phone:                 +886-2-25555835

      Email:                   boru.lin@ailabs.tw

     Date Prepared           February 14, 2025


2  Proposed Device

     Trade Name:          TAIMedImg DeepMets

    Common Name:        DeepMets

      Classification Name       Radiological Image Processing Software for Radiation Therapy

     Regulation Description   Medical Image Management and Processing System

     Product Code          QKB, QIH

     Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2050

     Device Class              Class II


3  Predicate Device

     Device Name:           VBrain

      510(k) Number:         K203235

     Manufacturer:           Vysioneer Inc.

     Product Code:         QKB


                                      Page 1 of 8

4  Device Description
   TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software application system intended for use in the
    contouring (segmentation) of brain magnetic resonance (MR) images. The device
    comprises an AI inference module and a DICOM Radiotherapy Structure Sets
    (RTSS, or RTSTRUCT) converter module.
   The AI inference module consists of image preprocessing, deep learning neural
    networks, and postprocessing components, and  is intended to contour brain
    metastasis on the axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced (T1WI+C) MR images. It
     utilizes deep learning neural networks to generate contours and annotations for the
    diagnosed brain metastases.
   The DICOM RTSS converter module converts the contours, annotations, along
    with metadata, into a standard DICOM-RTSTRUCT file, making it compatible
    with radiotherapy treatment planning systems.


5  Intended Use/ Indication for Use
   TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software device intended to assist trained medical
    professionals by providing initial object contours on axial T1-weighted contrastenhanced (T1WI+C)  brain magnetic resonance (MR) images  to  accelerate
    workflow for radiation therapy treatment planning.
   TAIMedImg DeepMets  is intended only  for  patients with known (imaging
    diagnosed) brain metastases (BM) when cancer cells spread from primary site to
    the brain. It is not intended to be used with images of other brain tumors or other
    body parts. The software is intended for use with BM lesions with a diameter of
   ≥10 mm.
   TAIMedImg DeepMets uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to contour images
    and offers automated segmentation for Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of
    brain metastases. The software is an adjunctive tool and not intended for replacing
    the users’ current standard practice of manual contouring process. All automatic
    output generated by the software shall be thoroughly reviewed by a trained medical
    professional prior to delivering any therapy or treatment. The physician retains the
    ultimate responsibility for making the final diagnosis and treatment decision.
   TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended to be used by medical professionals trained in
    the use of the device.
    Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered valid input. DeepMets does
    not support DICOM images of patients that have one of the following exclusions:
      (i) presence of prior craniotomy, (ii) patients with clinical imaging diagnosis of
    brain tumors other than BM, (iii) Images with patient motion: excessive motion
    leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
    Medical professionals must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by
   TAIMedImg DeepMets, as necessary, using an external platform available at the
     facility  that supports DICOM-RT viewing/editing  functions, such as image
     visualization software and treatment planning system.


                                      Page 2 of 8

6  Comparison with Predicate Device
   The proposed device, TAIMedImg DeepMets, is substantially equivalent to the
    claimed predicate, VBrain (K203235). Both are AI (deep learning)-based software
    used in the workflow of radiation therapy for tumor contouring on MRI images
    and are regulated under the Product Code QKB. The primary difference is that
   DeepMets focused solely on Gross Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of brain
    metastases, while VBrain also includes meningiomas and acoustic neuromas.
    DeepMets is intended for use with BM lesions with a diameter of ≥ 10 mm.
    Please see Table A below for a comparison of the intended use and key
    technological characteristics of the proposed device and the predicate device.
    Table A. Comparison with the predicate device.

 Item          Proposed Device                      Predicate Device

 Company      Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd.    Vysioneer Inc.

 Device Name  TAIMedImg DeepMets             VBrain

 510k Number  Pending                        K203235

 Regulation    21CFR 892.2050                21CFR 892.2050
 No.

 Classification    II                                              II

 Product Code  QKB, QIH                 QKB

 Intended      TAIMedImg DeepMets is a software  VBrain is a software device intended
 Use/Indicatio   device intended to assist trained        to assist trained medical
 n for Use       medical professionals by providing     professionals, during their clinical
                      initial object contours on axial T1-    workflows of radiation therapy
                weighted contrast-enhanced           treatment planning, by providing
             (T1WI+C) brain magnetic resonance    initial object contours of known
             (MR) images to accelerate workflow   (diagnosed) brain tumors (i.e., the
                  for radiation therapy treatment         region of interest, ROI) on axial T1
                 planning.                             contrast-enhanced brain MRI images.
             TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended    VBrain uses an artificial intelligence
                only for patients with known          algorithm (i.e., deep learning neural
                (imaging diagnosed) brain            networks) to contour (segment) brain
                 metastases (BM) when cancer cells    tumor on MRI images for trained
                 spread from primary site to the brain.  medical professionals’ attention,
                        It is not intended to be used with      which is meant for informational
               images of other brain tumors or other  purposes only and not intended for
              body parts. The software is intended   replacing their current standard
                  for use with BM lesions with a         practice of manual contouring
                diameter of ≥ 10 mm.                  process. VBrain does not alter the
             TAIMedImg DeepMets uses an         original MRI image, nor does it
                     artificial intelligence algorithm to      intend to be used to detect tumors for

                                      Page 3 of 8

contour images and offers automated   diagnosis. VBrain is intended only
               segmentation for Gross Tumor         for generating Gross Tumor Volume
            Volume (GTV) contours of brain     (GTV) contours of brain metastases,
                metastases. The software is an        meningiomas, and acoustic neuromas
                adjunctive tool and not intended for   on axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI
                replacing the users’ current standard   images; It is not intended to be used
                 practice of manual contouring         with images of other brain tumors.
                process. All automatic output        The user must know the tumor type
               generated by the software shall be    when they use VBrain. VBrain is
               thoroughly reviewed by a trained      intended to be used on adult patients
               medical professional prior to           only.
                delivering any therapy or treatment.   Medical professionals must finalize
             The physician retains the ultimate      (confirm or modify) the contours
                 responsibility for making the final     generated by VBrain, as necessary,
                diagnosis and treatment decision.      using an external platform available
            TAIMedImg DeepMets is intended     at the facility that supports DICOMto be used by medical professionals   RT viewing/editing functions, such
                 trained in the use of the device.        as image visualization software and
             Only DICOM images of adult         treatment planning system.
                 patients are considered valid input.
             DeepMets does not support DICOM
              images of patients that have one of
                the following exclusions:
                     (i) presence of prior craniotomy, (ii)
                 patients with clinical imaging
                diagnosis of brain tumors other than
           BM, (iii) Images with patient motion:
                excessive motion leading to artifacts
                  that make the scan technically
                inadequate.
              Medical professionals must finalize
               (confirm or modify) the contours
               generated by TAIMedImg
              DeepMets, as necessary, using an
                 external platform available at the
                   facility that supports DICOM-RT
                viewing/editing functions, such as
              image visualization software and
                treatment planning system.

Operating      Linux                            Linux
System

User         The software is only used by trained   Trained medical professionals
Population     medical professionals.                 including, but not limited to,
                                                            radiologists, oncologists, physicians,


                                     Page 4 of 8

medical technologists, dosimetrists,
                                               and physicists.

Patient         Adult patients with known primary    Adult patients with known
Population     cancer (outside brain) and brain        (diagnosed) brain metastases,
                metastasis scheduled for radiation     meningiomas, or acoustic neuromas
                 therapy.                             scheduled for radiation therapy.

Anatomical
               Brain                               Brain
Site

Supported      Axial T1-weighted contrast-          Axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI
Modalities     enhanced (T1WI+C) brain magnetic   images
               resonance (MR) images

Localization   Known (imaging diagnosed) brain     Qualified brain tumors - brain
and Definition  metastases with a diameter of ≥ 10     metastases, meningiomas, and
of Objects   mm                                   acoustic neuromas

Performance  A performance evaluation of         VBrain AI software for brain tumor
Testing       TAIMedImg DeepMets for brain       contouring (segmentation)
                metastasis segmentation is            performance test data sets consisted
               proceeded, the clinical testing dataset  of 116 cases acquired from 4
              comprised 158 cases from 16 MRI      different institutions (3 US and 1
               scan sources in US. Five metrics are   non-US). Five metrics are evaluated:
                calculated and evaluated: (1) lesion-    (1) lesion-wise sensitivity, (2) falsewise sensitivity, (2) false positive       positive rate, (3) lesion-wise Dice
                   rate, (3) Dice Similarity Coefficient,    coefficient, (4) average Hausdorff
                 (4) Hausdorff distance and (5)          distance, and (5) average centroid
                centroid distance between DeepMets’  distance between VBrain’s
               segmentation and clinicians’          segmentation and clinicians’
                segmentation.                        segmentation.

Segmentation  Deep learning                    Deep learning
(Contouring)
Technology

Design:  Data No                        No
Visualization/
Graphical
User Interface

Design:      No                        No
Manual
editing feature


                                     Page 5 of 8

Alteration  of No                        No
 Original
 Images

 Data Export   DICOM-RT                  DICOM-RT


7  Performance Data
 7.1  Software Verification and Validation Testing
    For  software  design,  Taiwan  Medical  Imaging  Co.,  Ltd.  conducted  and
    documented  the  software  verification  and  validation  testing  activities,  in
    accordance with FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Content of
    Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” dated June 14, 2023, for
    software devices identified as Enhanced Documentation Level.
    In addition, the following standards have also been consulted during the software
  V & V activities:
       IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016 Medical device software - Software life cycle
          processes
       ISO 14971: 2019 Medical devices - Applications of risk management to
         medical device
   The Software V & V activities and documentation are based on the Enhanced
    Documentation Level.


 7.2  Training Dataset
   The DeepMets model was initially trained on a retrospective dataset of 1,029
     patients with  brain metastases who underwent Gamma Knife radiosurgery,
    collected from a major medical center in Taiwan between 1993 and 2017. Further
    tuning was conducted using an additional dataset from 559 patients included in a
    nationwide healthcare database covering the years 2018 to 2019.


 7.3  Standalone Performance Testing
    Standalone performance testing was conducted using an independent U.S. dataset
    consisting of 158 MRI scans from 158 patients with 289 measurable lesions (≥10
  mm in diameter, as defined by RANO-BM criteria). The dataset included MRI
    scans from 16 imaging  facilities, acquired using scanners from GE, Philips,
    Siemens, and  Toshiba,  with  standardized  parameters  (axial T1WI+C  with
    gadolinium-based contrast, slice thickness ≤ 5 mm, pixel size 0.3-1 mm, and 0-1
  mm slice gap). The validation dataset was from the U.S., completely independent
    and not used in any stage of algorithm development.

   The demographic distribution of the dataset:
    Gender: 75 Female, 83 Male


                                      Page 6 of 8

Age: Adult, range from 41 to 92 years old; the average age is 66.65 years with a
standard deviation of 9.72.
Ethnicity: 4 Not Hispanic or Latin, 154 Unknown
Race: 1 African American, 104 White, 53 Unknown
Note: due to anonymization, ethnicity and race information were not available for
 all cases.
Ground  truth  annotations  were  manually  established  based on  consensus
NRG/RTOG    clinical    guidelines   by    three    clinically    experienced
radiologists/neuroradiologists. These annotations reflected established  clinical
segmentation standards for brain metastases and served as the reference standard
for all performance evaluations
Primary performance endpoints of performance testing included Lesion-Wise
Sensitivity (Se) and False Positive Rate (FPR), while secondary endpoints included
Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC), Hausdorff Distance (HD), and Centroid
Distance (CD).
Acceptance  criteria for model performance were established by referencing
published benchmarks from FDA-cleared deep learning devices using deep
learning for lesion detection and segmentation, along with clinical standards
relevant to brain metastasis management. A summary of performance results along
with the acceptance criteria is presented below:
Table B: Summary of DeepMets performance

                                                   Acceptance
         Metric          Mean     95%CI                    Source
                                                           Criteria

Lesion-Wise Sensitivity                                        Deep
                           89.97       (86.51, 93.43)   > 80
(Se) (%)                                                                   learning

False-Positive Rate (FPR)                                       Deep
                           0.354       (0.215, 0.481)   < 0.5
(FPs/case)                                                                 learning

Dice Similarity Coefficient
                            0.70         (0.67, 0.72)    ≥ 0.65         Estimated
(DSC)

Hausdorff Distance (HD)
                            6.66         (5.86, 7.41)    ≤ 8.0          Estimated
(mm)

Centroid Distance (CD)
                            1.75         (1.33, 2.11)    ≤ 2.0          Estimated
(mm)

Note: in “Source” column above, Deep learning means similar device using deep learning
technology, while Estimated indicates acceptance criteria were estimated based on the literature
and clinical justification.
Subgroup analysis demonstrated consistent Se and FPR across categories including
sex, age, number of metastases, lesion size, MRI magnetic field strength, slice
thickness, manufacturer, and imaging source. However, slightly higher FPRs were
also noted in the following groups:
 - Subjects older than 71 years (FPR: 0.568 FPs/case, Se: 92.19%)

                                  Page 7 of 8

- Subjects imaged with 3T field strength (FPR: 0.509 FPs/case, Se:93.88%)
      - Subjects scanned using Philips MRI devices (FPR: 0.537 FPs/case, Se:
      94.90%)
      - Subjects with more than 15 lesions (FPR: 0.750 FPs/case, Se: 80.0%)
    These findings are included in the user documentation to guide clinical use.

   The  results of performance testing demonstrate  that DeepMets performs as
    expected.


8  Conclusion
    In conclusion, Taiwan Medical Imaging Co., Ltd. has conducted performance
     testing on TAIMedImg DeepMets. The software passed its requirements for safety
    and effectiveness and does not introduce any new potential safety  risks.  It
    demonstrates  that TAIMedImg DeepMets  is  substantially equivalent  to and
    performs at least as safely and effectively as the listed predicate devices.


                                      Page 8 of 8