May 16, 2025

Ortoma AB
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells, LLC
Columbia Square, 555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K250086
    Trade/Device Name: OTS Hip
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLO
    Dated: January 13, 2025
    Received: April 17, 2025

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K250086 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K250086 - John Smith                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                                          Shumaya Ali -S

                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative,
                                                 Repair, and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250086

Device Name
OTS Hip


Indications for Use (Describe)
OTS Hip is indicated to enable planning of orthopedic surgical procedures based on CT and X-Ray medical imaging data
of the patient anatomy. It is an intraoperative image-guided localization system that enables navigated surgery. It links a
freehand probe, tracked by a passive marker sensor system, to virtual computer image space on a patient's preoperative
image data being processed by the OTS platform.

The system is indicated for orthopedic hip surgical procedures where a reference to a rigid anatomical structure, such as
the pelvis, can be identified relative to a system generated model of the anatomy. The system aids the surgeon to
accurately navigate a compatible prosthesis to the preoperatively planned position.

The system is designed for orthopedic surgical procedures including:

 - Pre-operative planning of total hip arthroplasty (THA)
 - Intraoperative navigated surgery for THA using a posterior approach


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


                                      510(k) SUMMARY
                               Ortoma AB OTS Hip
                                    K250086

Submitter
Ortoma AB

Falkenbergsgatan 3

412 85 Göteborg

Sweden

Phone: +46 73 688 88 70

Contact Person:       John Smith
                   Hogan Lovells, LLC
                     Columbia Square, 555 Thirteenth Street, NW
                        D.C., 20004
                   +1 202 367 3638
                      john.smith@hoganlovells.com


Date Prepared: May 13, 2025


Name of Device: OTS Hip
Common or Usual Name: Stereotaxic Instrument

Classification Name: 21 CFR Section 882.4560, Stereotaxic Instrument
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: OLO
Predicate Devices
Ortoma AB, OTS Hip (K232140)


                                                                                 1

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


Device Description

OTS Hip is a system to support a surgeon with preoperative planning and intraoperative guidance during
orthopedic hip joint replacement surgery.

The OTS Hip device is a modified device from the company’s previously cleared OTS Hip (K232140).

OTS Hip is comprised of software systems and hardware components that work together to form a
stereotaxic system. The system uses medical imaging data in DICOM format that is loaded into the
system for access in the software that are part of the system.

OTS Hip software consists of OTS Hip Plan (OHP), which is a 3D preoperative planning software, and
OTS Hip Guide (OHG) that provides intraoperative real-time navigation for the guidance of surgical tools
and prosthetic components in relation to the preoperatively determined goal positions.

OHP is a software for preoperative planning prior to a THA (Total Hip Arthroplasty) surgery. OHP
enables the orthopedic surgeon to prepare surgery by analyzing the patient anatomy in a 3D
environment based on medical imaging data.

OHG imports the result from the preceding planning stage, a released plan, with the 3D model and
planned data, from the database of the OTS system. In addition, OHG monitors the real-time information
of the position of instruments and prosthetic components in a 3D environment by means of medical
imaging data.

The components of the OHG device include a camera and computer stand with an electrical system to
which a camera and a medical panel PC are attached, a footswitch, a keyboard, Tracers (passive
markers), adapters that hold the Tracers and can be mounted to compatible surgical instruments and that
are used for calibration, and tools and instruments that are used during surgery.

The OTS Hip is compatible with the following components:

     -  PINN GB OFFSET GRATER HANDLE, DePuy Synthes 2550-00-100
     -  Emphasys offset reamer, DePuy Synthes 4811-00-510
     -   Greatbatch Offset Cup Impactor, DePuy Synthes 2550-00-115
     -   Pinnacle straight impactor, DePuy Synthes 2217-50-041
     -  Emphasys straight impactor, DePuy Synthes 4812-00-150
     -   Kincise Pinnacle Straight Shell Impactor, DePuy Synthes 2000-02-002 (long)
     -   Kincise Pinnacle Straight Shell Impactor, DePuy Synthes 2000-02-012 (short)
     -   Kincise Emphasys Straight Shell Impactor, DePuy Synthes 2000-03-001 (long)
     -   Kincise Emphasys Straight Shell Impactor, DePuy Synthes 2000-03-012 (short)

Indications for Use

OTS Hip is indicated to enable planning of orthopedic surgical procedures based on CT and X-Ray
medical imaging data of the patient anatomy. It is an intraoperative image-guided localization system
that enables navigated surgery. It links a freehand probe, tracked by a passive marker sensor system,
to virtual computer image space on a patient's preoperative image data being processed by the OTS
platform.

                                                                                 2

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


The system is indicated for orthopedic hip surgical procedures where a reference to a rigid anatomical
structure, such as the pelvis, can be identified relative to a system generated model of the anatomy.
The system aids the surgeon to accurately navigate a compatible prosthesis to the preoperatively
planned position.

The system is designed for orthopedic surgical procedures including:

 - Pre-operative planning of total hip arthroplasty (THA)

 - Intraoperative navigated surgery for THA using a posterior approach


Additional Considerations for Use

The device should not be used for patients with implants in the treatment side.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

Both the predicate device and the subject device enable pre-operative planning and navigation of
prosthetic components. OTS Hip is comprised of software systems and hardware components that work
together to form a stereotaxic system.

Like the predicate device, the subject device includes software for pre-operative planning of orthopedic
prosthetic components. The predicate device and the subject device have the same workflow for
anatomical landmarks and planning of implant size and positions. Both devices detect landmarks and
perform segmentation using fixed/static machine learning (ML) algorithms and generate a 3D model
based on the segmentation.

The changes include pre-processing and additional use of x-ray medical imaging data. The proposed
device includes a customer specific configuration that utilizes both standing and flexed seated x-rays
during a pre-operative plan. The configuration provides initial cup angles for planning that are patient
specific. The user shall always review and approve the values to be exported to OTS Hip (OTS Hip
Guide SW). The customer specific configuration includes an algorithm component previously cleared in
K231503.

Like the predicate device, the subject device enables intraoperative image-guided navigated surgery
using the OHG software and hardware components. The subject device and the predicate device include
hardware components and a software for real-time navigation of surgical instruments and implants
relative to the patient. Both devices use similar tracking arrays (tracers). The software included in OHG of
the subject device and the predicate device is workflow based, where the user is guided to perform
various steps in the workflow.

                                                                                 3

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


OTS Hip includes additional minor changes to hardware components and additional compatibility with
tools for Kincise Surgical Automated System Components.

The performance testing demonstrates that the performance characteristics of the OTS Hip are
equivalent to those of the predicate device, and therefore supports a determination of Substantial
Equivalence for the proposed indications for use.

Differences between the subject and predicate device do not impact or affect the safety or effectiveness
of the device, or raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

Performance Testing

The following performance testing has been completed for the subject device, in support of the
substantial equivalence decision:

Quantitative System Level Validation

Quantitative system level validation testing was performed using data collected from human cadaver
studies enabling validation of system level accuracy and specific functionality within the system.

The results demonstrated that the inclination, anteversion, the mean deviation for position error, and leg
length inequality were equivalent to results obtained for the predicate device.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

Electrical safety and EMC assessment demonstrates conformance to IEC 60601-1 Edition 3.2 2020-08
CONSOLIDATED VERSION and IEC 60601-1-2:2014 [Including AMD 1:2021].

Machine Learning Algorithm Validation

CT Algorithm Segmentation and Landmark Validation

Validation testing demonstrated the accuracy of Machine Learning (ML) algorithms for segmentation and
landmark identification.

The results of segmentation and landmark ML algorithms were compared with the manually annotated
“ground truth” segmentations and landmarks of the test dataset. Appropriately qualified clinical experts
established the ground truth. Using objective criteria, cases were evaluated by blinded annotators. Cases
were then separated into training and testing datasets in an unbiased fashion. Cases assigned to the test
dataset were then validated by a third reviewer who was not included in the annotation process of the
training data.

The test datasets consisted of 90 datasets from both US and OUS data which were representative of the
US population in terms of gender, age, and ethnicity and included images from multiple CT equipment
manufacturers.

                                                                                 4

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


The dataset consisted of patients from the US (45.6%), Japan (33.3%), and the European Union
(21.1%). Notably, the data from Japan included a high percentage of dysplastic hips with accompanying
marked degenerative change representing a worst case scenario for the intended US intended use
population.

The OUS dataset was unblinded.

For the OUS datasets, independent datasets were used between training and testing, though the two
datasets were collected from the same site.

Subgroup analyses were conducted based on data variables such as scanner manufacture, slice
thickens and imaging parameters. The test datasets were independent from the training dataset, where
none of the datasets used for training was used for testing.

The ML-models overall met the acceptance criteria.

Sacral Slope Landmark Identification Algorithm Validation

Validation testing demonstrated the accuracy of Machine Learning (ML) algorithms for Sacral Slope
landmark added for x-ray images.

The results of the Sacral Slope landmark ML algorithm were compared with the manually annotated
“ground truth” landmarks of the test dataset. Appropriately qualified clinical experts established the
ground truth. Using objective criteria, cases were evaluated by blinded annotators. Cases were then
separated into training and testing datasets in an unbiased fashion. Cases assigned to the test dataset
were then validated by a third reviewer who was not included in the annotation process of the training
data.

The test datasets consisted of 503 x-ray images from 276 US patients which were representative of the
US population in terms of gender, age, and ethnicity and included images from multiple x-ray equipment
manufacturers.

Subgroup analyses were conducted based on patient covariates and data acquisition covariates such as
scanner type, x-ray tube current and imaging parameters. The test datasets were independent from the
training dataset, where none of the x-ray images or patients included in the training dataset were re-used
in the test dataset.

The ML-model met the acceptance criteria.

Design Verification

The following design verification activities have been performed to ensure the correct functionality of the
system as it has been specified. Tests were successfully completed.

    •   Verifying the accuracy performance of the localization and tracking technology using the
       standardized test procedure according to ASTM Standard F2554-18.
                                                                                 5

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


    •   Functional testing to ensure that all functional requirements are fulfilled for new compatible
       systems and revised components.

    •   Safety testing verifying the effectiveness of all risk controls determined in the device risk analysis.

    •   Risk assessment was performed per ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices – Application or Risk
      Management to medical devices.

    •  A detailed verification was performed covering the detailed functionality of the software (e.g.,
        calculations of measurements from CT scans and X-Ray images).

Non-clinical tests were performed to confirm the system targets. Specific OR setups and surgical
procedures were simulated in laboratory environments and human cadaver labs.

Substantial Equivalence Comparison

   Characteristic   OTS Hip – Subject Device    OTS Hip – Predicate        Equivalence
                                                      Device                                                                     Assessment
  510(k) Number           TBD                   K232140                 N/A
   Manufacturer           Ortoma AB                Ortoma AB                N/A
    Regulation         21 CFR 882.4560           21 CFR 882.4560           Same
   Product Code          OLO                 OLO               Same
   Intended Use      To enable planning of       To enable planning of         Same
                         orthopedic surgical           orthopedic surgical
                      procedures and enable       procedures and enable
                          intraoperative image-          intraoperative imageguided surgery.             guided surgery.

  Indications for    OTS Hip is indicated to     OTS Hip is indicated to            Similar
      Use             enable planning of           enable planning of
                         orthopedic surgical           orthopedic surgical
                     procedures based on CT     procedures based on CT
                   and X-Ray medical imaging   medical imaging data of the
                        data of the patient          patient anatomy. It is an
                        anatomy. It is an            intraoperative imageintraoperative image-      guided localization system
                    guided localization system       that enables navigated
                           that enables navigated      surgery. It links a freehand
                       surgery. It links a freehand   probe, tracked by a passive
                    probe, tracked by a passive   marker sensor system, to
                    marker sensor system, to        virtual computer image
                             virtual computer image       space on a patient's
                     space on a patient's        preoperative image data
                       preoperative image data      being processed by the
                                         OTS platform.
                                                                                6

K250086
                                                Traditional 510(k) Submission


 Characteristic   OTS Hip – Subject Device    OTS Hip – Predicate        Equivalence
                                                     Device                                                                   Assessment
                    being processed by the    The system is indicated for
                   OTS platform.           orthopedic hip surgical
                 The system is indicated for      procedures where a
                     orthopedic hip surgical         reference to a rigid
                      procedures where a       anatomical structure, such
                        reference to a rigid         as the pelvis, can be
                    anatomical structure, such     identified relative to a CTas the pelvis, can be        based model of the
                          identified relative to a      anatomy. The system aids
                 system generated model of    the surgeon to accurately
                     the anatomy. The system      navigate a compatible
                        aids the surgeon to            prosthesis to the
                        accurately navigate a        preoperatively planned
                   compatible prosthesis to              position.
                    the preoperatively planned   The system is designed for
                               position.               orthopedic surgical
                 The system is designed for     procedures including:
                       orthopedic surgical
                                                  •   Pre-operative planning                     procedures including:
                                              and of Total Hip
                    •   Pre-operative planning                                                      Arthroplasty (THA)
                        of Total Hip                                                  •   Intraoperative navigated
                        Arthroplasty (THA)                                                    surgery for THA using a
                                                       posterior approach.
                    •   Intraoperative navigated
                       surgery for THA using a
                        posterior approach

User Population       Orthopedic surgeon          Orthopedic surgeon          Same
Anatomical Site              Hip                         Hip                Same
  Where Used          Office of user and            Office of user and          Same
                         Operating room              Operating room
 Technological        Intraoperative image-          Intraoperative image-         Same
  Principle of     guided localization system   guided localization system
   Operation          allowing user to plan          allowing user to plan
                          surgery using                surgery using
                    premeasurements of        premeasurements of
                      patient anatomy. Software    patient anatomy. Software
                      tracks anatomy, implants     tracks anatomy, implants
                  and surgical tools in real-    and surgical tools in realtime.                           time.
     Main            The technology of          The technology of          Same
 Technology of     Minimally Invasive Surgery    Minimally Invasive Surgery
     MIS           (MIS) is based on Image      (MIS) is based on Image
                    Guided Surgery (IGS)        Guided Surgery (IGS)
                             devices.                     devices.
                                                                               7

K250086
                                                Traditional 510(k) Submission


 Characteristic   OTS Hip – Subject Device    OTS Hip – Predicate        Equivalence
                                                     Device                                                                   Assessment
  Principle of        Preoperative image >         Preoperative image >         Same
Operation Flow    surgical planning > surgical   surgical planning > surgical
                       guiding > recording           guiding > recording
    Major         Software for planning and    Software for planning and           Similar
 Components               guiding                      guiding
                              Functionality
                       added for new
                             configuration
                  Minor SW updates and bug
                                 fixes
                       Calibration Adapter Unit       Calibration Adapter Unit            Similar
              OTD with holes removed           OTD
                          that are not needed.
                       Calibration Adapter Unit       Calibration Adapter Unit            Similar
              OTD Emphasys with holes      OTD Emphasys
                   removed that are not
                          needed.
                         Inserter Adapter OTD          Inserter Adapter OTD         Same
                  Reamer Adapter OTD       Reamer Adapter OTD         Same
                         Inserter Adapter OTD          Inserter Adapter OTD             Similar
                         Straight - Improved                  Straight
                      interface toward tool and
                  added compatibility for
                          additional tools.
                         Inserter Adapter OTD          Inserter Adapter OTD         Same
                        Pinnacle Straight             Pinnacle Straight

                  Attachment Adapter Fix OT   Attachment Adapter Fix OT       Same
                   Attachment Adapter Twin     Attachment Adapter Twin           Similar
                OT - Minor design             OT
                     adjustment of pin hole
                             position
                              Stylet & Pin                    Stylet & Pin            Same
                            Pointer OT                   Pointer OT             Same
                          Pointer Holder                Pointer Holder            Same
                      Tracers – minor change               Tracers                     Similar
                             reflective tape

                OTS Instrumentation –      OTS Instrumentation              Similar
                 Improved interface towards
                         the Threaded Pin
                                                                               8

K250086
                                                Traditional 510(k) Submission


 Characteristic   OTS Hip – Subject Device    OTS Hip – Predicate        Equivalence
                                                     Device                                                                   Assessment
                     Camera (NDI)             Camera (NDI)            Same
                   Computer (Baaske, e-       Computer (Baaske, e-         Same
                     medic Silence TP2)         medic Silence TP2)
                   Computer and Camera       Computer and Camera             Similar
                    Stand (with integrated      Stand (Jansen Medicars,
                   Power inlet and MSO       Flexx one 180 – Ortoma,
                    (Jansen Medicars, Flexx          3005.00.00.130)
                   one 2G 180 - Ortoma,
                         3012.00.00.071))
                 The Computer and Camera
                  Stand has been updated to
                     add support for
                    replacement of the cable.
                  Keyboard (ProKeys e.K.,     Keyboard (ProKeys e.K.,        Same
                 K10 MED Compact-LS-     K10 MED Compact-LSUSB-US/JP)               USB-US/JP)
                   Footswitch (Herga, MD3G-   Footswitch (Herga, MD3G-       Same
                   DGA-GZ1-AAA-001)        DGA-GZ1-AAA-001)
   Tracking/       Real-time Optical Tracking    Real-time Optical Tracking        Same
   Navigation          System (OPS)             System (OPS)
  Technology
  Input Image      Computer Tomography      Computer Tomography            Similar
   Planning        (CT), X-Ray with extended            (CT), X-Ray
                       pre-processing and
                        additional use of x-ray
                     medical imaging data.
  Input Image     3D image of the unique     3D image of the unique         Same
    Guiding             patient´s anatomy             patient´s anatomy
   DICOM                Yes                     Yes               Same
  compliance
   Save/load               Yes                     Yes               Same
   planning
  Accessories             None                   None               Same
 Power Source             Mains                     Mains               Same
Biocompatibility     Tested per ISO 10993        Tested per ISO 10993         Same
    Software     SW application for pre-    SW application for pre-            Similar
                      operative planning and        operative planning and
                            navigation                    navigation
                     Functionality added for new
                          Configuration

                                                                               9

K250086
                                                 Traditional 510(k) Submission


   Characteristic   OTS Hip – Subject Device    OTS Hip – Predicate        Equivalence
                                                      Device                                                                     Assessment
                    Minor SW updates and bug
                                   fixes
    Sterilization       Steam sterilization for       Steam sterilization for         Same
                        reusable components        reusable components
               Gamma sterilization for     Gamma sterilization for
                         single use components       single use components


Conclusions

The OTS Hip is as safe and effective as the Ortoma Treatment Solution system (K232140). The OTS Hip
has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in the indications do not alter the intended
therapeutic use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In
addition, the minor technological differences between the OTS Hip and the predicate OTS Hip device
raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the OTS Hip is as
safe and effective as the predicate OTS Hip (K232140). Thus, the OTS Hip is substantially equivalent.


                                                                                10