July 22, 2025

NeuroSpectrum Insights Corp.
℅ James Luker
Sr. Regulatory Consultant
Innolitics LLC
1101 W 34th St. Suite 550
Austin, Texas 78705


Re: K250686
    Trade/Device Name: GyriCalc (Version 1.0.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 20, 2025
    Received: June 20, 2025

Dear James Luker:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250686 - James Luker                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K250686 - James Luker                                                               Page  3


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                      Digitally signed by Michael D.
                                              O'hara -S
                                               Date: 2025.07.22 12:22:45 -04'00'
                                                  for
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K250686                                                             I
Device Name
 GyriCalc

Indications for Use (Describe)
 GyriCalc is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and quantification including volume,
 surface area and gyrification analysis (i.e., gyrification index) of segmentable brain structures from a
 set of MR images.

 GyriCalc is intended to be used by qualified personnel and interpreted by a qualified clinician.

 GyriCalc  is not intended to be used for visualization or quantification of neurologic lesions.

 GyriCalc is intended for children between 24 to 36 months of age.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


1. CONTACT INFORMATION


 Company Name          NeuroSpectrum Insights Corp.

 Address                376 Main St. Suite 100, Bedminster NJ 07921

 Phone Number           908-304-4858

 Company Representative  Andrew D. Stewart, CEO

  Official Correspondent    James Luker, Innolitics

 Email                    JLuker@Innolitics.com

 Date Prepared           March 2, 2025

2. DEVICE INFORMATION


 Trade Name         GyriCalc

 Common Name      Neuroanatomy measuring software

 Product Code      LLZ

 Regulation Number   892.2050

 Class                Class II

 Panel               Radiology

3. PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION


  Predicate Device Name      NeuroQuant

  Predicate Device K Number  K170981

 Product Code           LLZ

 Regulation Number          892.2050


 510(k) Summary                                                       Page 1 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


 Class                        Class II

 Panel                      Radiology

4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

GyriCalc is an automated imaging post-processing software medical device (SaMD) that
provides automatic labeling, visualization, volumetric quantification, surface area, thickness and
gyrification analysis of brain structures for children ages 24-36 months of age from a set of MR
images and returns segmented images and morphometric reports. GyriCalc is a proprietary
application which incorporates customized, state-of-the-art open-source software to perform
image analysis and quantitative functionality.
The resulting output is provided as a PDF report with segmented color overlays and
morphometric reports that can be displayed on commonly used Off The Shelf (OTS) PDF
viewer. GyriCalc is not intended to be used for image review. The PDF report is the sole output
of the device.
GyriCalc provides morphometric measurements based on 3D T1 MRI series. The output of the
software includes volumes that have been annotated with color overlays, with each color
representing a particular segmented region, and morphometric reports that provide measured
volumes and other qualitative and quantitative data.
GyriCalc ’s processing architecture includes functionality that performs:
   •    Preprocessing
        –    Artifact correction (correct for various artifacts and distortions, such as motion,
                intensity inhomogeneity, and scanner-related differences),
        –    Skull-stripping to remove non-brain tissue,
        –   Bias field correction,
        –    Intensity normalization,
   •    Volumetric measurement,
   •    Surface area measurement,
   •    Morphological/morphometric analysis,
   •    Gyrification measurement and report generation.
Detailed descriptions of the above functionality are provided below.


 510(k) Summary                                                       Page 2 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Artifact correction
GyriCalc includes the following artifact correction functionality:
   •   Motion correction,
   •    Phase unwrapping,
   •    Slice timing correction,
   •    Intensity inhomogeneity correction,
   •    Distortion correction,
   •    Susceptibility artifact correction,
Automated segmentation
GyriCalc includes the following segmentation functionality:
   •    Right/Left Hemispheres (Pial) surface segmentation
   •    Cortical region segmentation/parcellation
        –    Right/Left Superior Frontal Gyri
        –    Right/Left Middle Frontal Gyri
        –    Right/Left Cuneus
        –    Right/Left Lingual Gyri
        –    Right/Left Inferior Temporal Gyri
        –    Right/Left Inferior Parietal Cortex
        –    Right/Left Fusiform Gyri
Volumetric Measurement
GyriCalc includes the following volumetric measurement functionality:
   •    Total Cortex volume
   •    Right/Left Cortex volume
   •    Cortical region volume:
        –    Right/Left Superior Frontal volume
        –    Right/Left Middle Frontal volume
        –    Right/Left Cuneus volume


 510(k) Summary                                                       Page 3 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


        –    Right/Left Lingual volume
        –    Right/Left Inferior Temporal volume
        –    Right/Left Inferior Parietal Cortex volume
        –    Right/Left Fusiform volume
Morphological/morphometric analysis
GyriCalc includes surface area and gyrification index measurement functionality for the
following regions of the brain
   •    Total Cortex
   •    Left/Right Cortex
   •    Cortical regions :
        –    Right/Left Superior Frontal
        –    Right/Left Middle Frontal
        –    Right/Left Cuneus
        –    Right/Left Lingual
        –    Right/Left Inferior Temporal
        –    Right/Left Inferior Parietal Cortex
        –    Right/Left Fusiform
5. INDICATIONS FOR USE

GyriCalc is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and quantification including volume,
surface area and gyrification analysis (i.e., gyrification index) of segmentable brain structures
from a set of MR images.
GyriCalc is intended to be used by qualified personnel and interpreted by a qualified clinician.
GyriCalc is not intended to be used for visualization or quantification of neurologic lesions.
GyriCalc is intended for children between 24 to 36 months of age.


 510(k) Summary                                                       Page 4 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


6. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DISCUSSION

6.1. Device Comparison Table

 Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                          Primary Predicate Device

 Regulation         21 CFR 892.2050          21 CFR 892.2050            Same
 Number

 Regulation          Medical image               Picture archiving and         Same
 Description        management and           communications system
                      processing system

  Classification       System, Image Processing,   System, Image Processing,     Same
 Name               Radiological                Radiological

 Class                Class II                     Class II                   Same

 Product Code      LLZ                 LLZ                     Same

 Device             Software medical device     Software medical device       Same- Both devices are SaMD
 Description        (SaMD)                (SaMD)
 Device type

 Physical                • Software package            • Software package          Same
  characteristics         • Operates on off-the-shelf    • Operates on off-the-shelf
                     hardware (multiple          hardware (multiple
                      vendors)                    vendors)

 Operating System    Client: Supports Windows   Supports Linux, Mac OS X      Equivalent-
                   11 or MAC OS 12          and Windows                Both the subject and predicate devices
                                                                                       are software devices (SaMD) which run
                       Server: Ubuntu 23.04 LTS                              on industry standard computing
                                                                            hardware and Operating Systems. The
                                                                             GyriCalc device has been tested to
                                                                              confirm that it meets it’s stated
                                                                                 requirements and performs as intended
                                                                      on the stated operating system(s).
                                                                             GyriCalc does not support the Linux
                                                                     OS. This difference does not affect the
                                                                                         safety or effectiveness as compared to
                                                                                      the NeuroQuant predicate device.


 510(k) Summary                                                       Page 5 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device

General Device      Fully automated MR         Fully automated MR imaging    EquivalentDescription         imaging post-processing     post-processing medical       The primary functionality is the same
                    medical device software     device software which          with the exception that the subject
                  which includes:              includes:                      GyriCalc device does not include lesion
                     -automatic labeling,          -automatic labeling,              labeling or volumetric quantification of
                       visualization and             visualization and volumetric     such lesions.
                     volumetric quantification     quantification of brain and     As lesion detection is not intended to be
                     of brain structures from a     lesions from a set of MR        performed by GyriCalc, its absence
                        set of MR images and       images and returns segmented   does not affect Intended Use, safety or
                      returns segmented images    images and morphometric        effectiveness comparison of the subject
                   and morphometric reports.    reports.                      and predicate devices.
                   (Morphometric             (Morphometric measurements
                   measurements based on      based on 3D T1 MRI series)    The subject device measurements
               3D T1 MRI series)                                           include volume, area and gyrification
                                                                          whereas the predicate device provides
                                                                              only volume measurement. The
                                                                                    addition of area and gyrification
                                                                         measurements are considered
                                                                                   technological characteristics which are
                                                                               supported by clinical performance
                                                                                              testing. As the area and gyrification are
                                                                                      also measurements, they do not add a
                                                              new ‘intended use’ and do not affect the
                                                                                       safety and/or effectiveness of the
                                                                                     subject device as compared to the
                                                                                     predicate device or raise new questions
                                                                                          relating to safety and/or effectiveness.

Design and             - Automated measurement    • Automated measurement of    EquivalentIncorporated         of brain tissue structures      brain tissue volumes and       The design and technological
Technology           for volume, area and          structures and lesions             characteristics of the subject GyriCalc
                        gyrification.                     • Automatic segmentation and   device and the predicate NeuroQuant
                           - Automatic segmentation    quantification of                device are equivalent. Both devices are
                   and                          brain structures using a          software medical devices (SaMD) and
                      quantification of brain      dynamic probabilistic             utilize DICOM MRI images of the
                       structures using deep        neuroanatomical atlas, with      brain which are automatically
                      learning                   age and gender specificity,      segmented into regions and then
                                              based on the MR image         perform measurements.
                                                       intensity                   The subject device measurements
                                                                                  include volume, area and gyrification
                                                                          whereas the predicate device provides
                                                                              only volume measurement. The
                                                                                    addition of area and gyrification are
                                                                                considered technologic characteristics
                                                                       which are supported by clinical
                                                                           performance testing. As the area and


510(k) Summary                                                       Page 6 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device
                                                                                         gyrification are also measurements,
                                                                                they do not add a new ‘intended use’
                                                                        and do not affect the safety and/or
                                                                                      effectiveness of the subject device as
                                                                      compared to the predicate device or
                                                                                            raise new questions relating to safety
                                                                                 and/or effectiveness.

                                                                                    Differences:
                                                                              -GyriCalc does not include lesion
                                                                                       quantification functionality whereas the
                                                                      NeuroQuant predicate does. Lesion
                                                                                       quantification functionality is not an
                                                                                   aspect of GyriCalc’s intended use and
                                                                           does not affect the safety or
                                                                                      effectiveness as compared to the
                                                                                     predicate device.

                                                                                 -GyriCalc’s automated segmentation
                                                                                                utilizes FreeSurfer’s robust SynthSeg
                                                                                algorithm whereas the predicate device
                                                                                uses a dynamic probabalistic
                                                                              neuroanatomical atlas for its automated
                                                                              segmentation functionality. GyriCalc’s
                                                                              segmentation results have been
                                                                                     validated using an ‘expert reader’ study.
                                                                              Note: NEUROPHET (K220437) has
                                                                         been added as a Reference device to
                                                                                support the technological characteristic
                                                                                  of the use of FreeSurfer for
                                                                              segmentation initialization. A separate
                                                                          comparison table is provided for the
                                                                                    reference device.
                                                                                                        - GyriCalc does not include gender
                                                                                              specificity. Gender specificity is not
                                                                                necessary for GyriCalc to perform its its
                                                                                intended use in a safe and effective
                                                                           manner.

                                                                  The differences do not affect the safety
                                                                                  or effectiveness as compared to the
                                                                                     predicate device and are supported by
                                                                                              clinical performance testing.

Processing         Automated internal         Automated internal pipeline     Equivalent -
Architecture          pipeline that performs:        that performs:               The subject device and the predicate


510(k) Summary                                                       Page 7 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device
                           - artifact correction             - artifact correction            have similar processing architectures,
                           - segmentation                   - segmentation                 with the exception that the subject
                           - volume calculation            - lesion quantification           device also uses gyrification analysis
                           - gyrification analysis          - volume calculation              for measuring Local Gyrification Index
                           - report generation              - report generation              (LGI). This additional technological
                                                                                           characteristic (i.e., gyrification analysis)
                                                                           does not raise different questions of
                                                                                       safety and effectiveness. The
                                                                                        functionality has been supported by
                                                                           performance testing.
                                                                                     Additionally, as previously stated,
                                                                            GyriCalc does not include lesion
                                                                                       quantification as it is not within the
                                                                            scope of its intended use/indications.

Data Source           • MRI scanner: 3D T1         • MRI scanner: 3D T1 MRI      Equivalent
              MRI scans acquired with     scans acquired with            GyriCalc performance has been
                      specified protocols from      specified protocols               successfully tested on DICOM images
                     1.5 and 3 Tesla MR            • NeuroQuant Supports         from 1.5 and 3.0 Tesla MR imaging
                   imaging devices.        DICOM format as input          devices. The available information on
                          • GyriCalc supports                                           the NeuroQuant predicate device does
             DICOM format as input                                     not appear to specify the magnet
                                                                                          strength. However, the following note
                                                                                         in the NeuroQuant Clinical Training
                                                                                     material states that “Some NeuroQuant
                                                                               parameters vary depending on scanner
                                                                              manufacturer & field strength”. This
                                                                                 supports that NeuroQuant supports
                                                                                  various magnet strengths.

Output                  - Provides volumetric          - Provides volumetric           Equivalent
                   measurements of brain      measurements of brain         Both the GyriCalc subject device and
                        structures, including          structures and lesions            the NeuroQuant predicate device
                       gyrification information       - Includes segmented color      provide volumetric measurements of
                           - Includes segmented color   overlays and                     brain structures and segmented color
                     overlays and               morphometric reports           overlays and
                   morphometric reports          - Automatically compares       morphometric reports.
                           - The information is           results to reference
                    provided as a .pdf report.     percentile data and to prior      Differencesscans when                 The GyriCalc device provides
                                                    available                         gyrification information whereas
                                                               - Supports DICOM format as    NeuroQuant does not.
                                                 output of results that            This additional technological
                                              can be displayed on DICOM     characteristic (i.e., gyrification analysis)
                                                 workstations and               does not raise different questions of
                                                                                       safety and effectiveness. The


510(k) Summary                                                       Page 8 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device
                                                    Picture Archive and              functionality has been supported by
                                           Communications Systems       performance testing.

                                                                            GyriCalc does not compare results to
                                                                                    reference
                                                                                        percentile data and to prior scans. This
                                                                                        functionality is not within the scope of
                                                                               GyriCalc’s intended use/indications as
                                                                            GyriCalc is intended for quantification
                                                                                         rather than comparison at this time.
                                                                       However, GyriCalc does include
                                                                             ‘sample values’ which are supported by
                                                                                    the data used in the performance
                                                                                      validation testing.

                                                                            GyriCalc does not output DICOM for
                                                                                    display on PACS devices. GyriCalc’s
                                                                                      sole output is a .pdf report which can be
                                                                        viewed on standard .pdf reading
                                                                                      applications or may be printed.

                                                                  The stated differences do not alter the
                                                                                intended use, safety or performance of
                                                                                    the GyriCalc device as compared to the
                                                                      NeuroQuant predicate device.


Specific Device      Provides morphometric      Provides morphometric       Same
Output             measurements based on     measurements based on 3D T1
               3D T1 MRI series        MRI series

MR Scan             -Plane: Sagittal, Axial       Plane –sagittal                  EquivalentParameters         -Mode: –3D            Mode –3D                     GyriCalc’s MR Scan parameters are
                    -Type: T1 weighted       T1 weighted                  mainly the same (equivalent) to the
                     -Matrix: 256 x 256          Matrix –192 x 192            NeuroQuant predicates parameters.
                      -Resolution: Ideally      NEX / NSA 1                  GyriCalc’s parameters are consistent
                       isotropic with a voxel size    Slice thickness –1.2 mm        with optimizing the images for analysis
                     of 1mm x1mm x1mm       Spacing –1.2 mm             by the GyriCalc software. However,
                -NEX/NSA: 1            Number of slices –160 -170      there are potentially minor variations
                       -Slice Thickness: 1 mm    FOV 24 – 25.6                between the parameters of the two
                                                                                 devices which do not alter the safety,
                                                                                      effectiveness or performance of the
                                                                            GyriCalc device.

Use Cases          For use in routine patient    For use in both clinical trial      Equivalentcare as a support tool for     research and routine patient     GyriCalc does not explicitly intend the


510(k) Summary                                                       Page 9 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device
                       clinicians in assessment of    care as a support tool for        software to be used in clinical trials or
                        structural MRIs               clinicians in assessment of       research.
                                                        structural MRIs

Output               -Total brain                  -Total brain                     Equivalent-
(Brain Regions)      -Left/Right Hemisphere      -Left/Right Hemisphere        Both the subject GyriCalc device and
                     (Cortex)                    (Cortex)                         the predicate NeuroQuant device
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere       - Left/Right Occipital lobe      segment and quantify the same
                   (Cuneus)                         - Left/Right Hemisphere         structures. NeuroQuant appears to
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere     (Fusiform)                      include additional brain structures in
                     (Fusiform)                       - Left/Right Hemisphere          their reports which are not needed by
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere      (Inferiorparietal)               GyriCalc to perform its intended use.
                        (Inferiorparietal)                - Left/Right Hemisphere
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere     (Inferiortemporal)
                      (Inferiortemporal)            -Left/Right Hemisphere
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere     (Middlefrontal)
                     (Lingual)                         - Left/Right Hemisphere
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere      (Superiorfrontal)
                      (Middlefrontal)
                           - Left/Right Hemisphere
                      (Superiorfrontal)


Output            Volume, Area,           Volume                        Equivalent-
(Measurements)      Gyrification Index                                     Both the subject GyriCalc and predicate
                                                                      NeuroQuant devices include volumetric
                                                                         measurements for the segmented brain
                                                                                      regions. GyriCalc includes area
                                                                         measurements and gyrification
                                                                         measurements which are required for its
                                                                                         stated intended use. The addition of
                                                                                    area and gyrification measurements are
                                                                                   technological differences which do not
                                                                                            raise new questions relating to safety or
                                                                                      effectiveness and have been
                                                                                     successfully tested to assure accuracy.

Safety             Automated quality control   Automated quality control      Samefunctions                    functions                   The subject device (GyriCalc) and the
                            - Tissue contrast check         - Tissue contrast check          predicate device (NeuroQuant) have the
                            - Scan protocol                  - Scan protocol verification     same automated quality control
                       verification                       - Atlas alignment check         functions.
                            - Atlas alignment check       - Results must be reviewed by
                           - Results must be reviewed   a qualified physician
                  by a qualified clinician


510(k) Summary                                                      Page 10 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device

Report              GyriCalc results are      A report is generated            Equivalentdocumented in a pdf report                                  GyriCalc’s sole output is a .pdf report
                  which is available to the      Results are provided in a       which can be viewed digitally using
                       clinician                    standard DICOM format as      standard .pdf reading software as well
                                                    additional MR series that can    as can be printed if desired.
                                            be displayed on third-party      GyriCalc does not provide DICOM
                                DICOM workstations and        series which can be viewed on thirdPACS.                          party DICOM workstations and PACS
                                                                                   as this functionality is not required for
                                                                            GyriCalc to perform its intended use.
                                                                  The absence of DICOM series output
                                                                           does not raise new questions relating to
                                                                                    the safety or effectiveness of the
                                                                            GyriCalc device.


Cybersecurity       GyriCalc utilizes current    No information is publicly       Equivalent (or better)
                         ‘state of the art’              available on cybersecurity.     The K170981 submission of
                      cybersecurity processes                                 NeuroQuant did not contain specific
                   and controls which align                                     information related to cybersecurity. In
                    with FDA’s current                                            recent years, the requirements related to
                    guidance and                                                 cybersecurity have greatly evolved.
                   recommendations.                                        GyriCalc utilizes current ‘state of the
                                                                                                    art’ cybersecurity processes and
                                                                                      controls which align with FDA’s
                                                                                     current guidance and recommendations.

Performance        GyriCalc performance was   NeuroQuant performance was   Equivalent
Testing              evaluated by comparing      evaluated by comparing        The performance of GyriCalc and
                    segmentation accuracy       segmentation accuracy with     NeuroQuant was verified using
                    with expert manual          expert                        comparison against expert manual
                    segmentations and by       manual segmentations and by    segmentation. The results of testing
                   measuring segmentation     measuring segmentation        have confirmed equivalent
                       reproducibility between      reproducibility between same    performance.
                  same subject scans.           subject scans.
                 The system yields         The system yields              GyriCalc has equivalent segmentation
                     reproducible results that      reproducible results that are     accuracy performance for the major
                      are well correlated with      well correlated with               cortical regions is equivalent to the
                    computer-aided expert       computer-aided expert manual   NeuroQuant predicate.
                  manual segmentations.       segmentations.                Note 1: GyriCalc does not perform
                                                                                       subcortical brain structures.
                    GyriCalc’s segmentation     NeuroQuant’s segmentation     Note 2: NEUROPHET (K220437) has
                    accuracy compared to        accuracy compared to expert    been added as a Reference device to
                     expert manual             manual segmentations of 3D     support the technological characteristic
                    segmentations of 3D T1    T1                              of the use of FreeSurfer for


510(k) Summary                                                      Page 11 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                         Primary Predicate Device
              MRI scans was evaluated   MRI scans was evaluated        segmentation initialization. A separate
                     using Dice’s coefficient      using Dice’s coefficient         comparison table is provided for the
                      metric. The results were in    metric. For major subcortical     reference device.
                      the range of 92-99% with     brain structures
                   an average of 95%           Dice’s coefficients are in the    Volume Measurements:
                     confidence.                 range of 80-90% and for        GyriCalc performed in an equivalent
                                             major cortical regions are in     manner to the NeuroQuant in terms of
                 Volume Measurements:      the range of 75-85%. For        volumetric measurements.  (Note:
                    GyriCalc’s mean             lesion segmentations          NeuroQuant reported on major
                     percentage absolute          evaluated separately using 3D    subcortical structures rather than the
                  volume difference of the    T1 and T2 FLAIR MRI scan    major cortical structures)
                   major cortical regions was    pairs of subjects with brain
                       in the range of 0.45 -12.1     lesions, Dice’s coefficient      The NeuroQuant predicate device does
         %                         exceeds 80%.                   not include area or gyrification
                                                                           measurements. These ‘Technological
                  Area Measurements:         Brain structure segmentation     Characteristics’ are supported by the
                    GyriCalc’s mean absolute    reproducibility of repeated 3D    results of the clinical performance
                      surface area error was in    T1 MRI scans for same           testing and do not raise new questions
                      the range of 0.33 - 12.6 %.   subjects                           relating to safety and/or effectiveness as
                                         was evaluated by using the      compared to the predicate device.
                      Gyrification                 percentage absolute volume
                   Measurements:               differences. The mean          GyriCalc does not perform lesion
                    GyriCalc’s mean absolute    percentage                     segmentations or quantification of
                       gyrification Index error      absolute volume differences      lesions as this functionality is not within
                 was in the range of 0.04 -     for all major subcortical            it’s stated intended use/indications. As
                   0.89%.                        structures were in the range of    lesion functionality is not within
                                           1-5%. Brain                    GyriCalc’s intended use, the lack of
                     Description of Subjects:      lesion segmentation            such functionality does not raise new
                 The imaging data was        reproducibility was evaluated    questions related to safety or
                      collected retrospectively      separately using 3D T1 and      effectiveness of the GyriCalc device.
                  from a population of       T2 FLAIR MRI
                  anonymized patients 2-3     repeated scan pairs of subjects
                     years (24-36 months) with   with brain lesions. The mean
                     curated clinical records.      absolute lesion volume
                                                    difference
                     Safety and Effectiveness:    was less than 0.25cc, while
                 The measurements met the   the mean percentage lesion
                    predetermined acceptance    absolute volume difference
                          criteria.                 was less than 2.5%.
                   Adverse Events:
                As the clinical
                   performance testing was
                   performed retrospectively
                  on previously acquired T1
                   weighted MRI scans, there
                  were no adverse events


510(k) Summary                                                      Page 12 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


 Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NeuroQuant (K170981)       Equivalence Discussion
                                          Primary Predicate Device
                    (AEs) noted.


7. REFERENCE DEVICE COMPARISON

(For segmentation methodology)

 Feature/Function   GyriCalc               NEUROPHET     Equivalence Discussion
                                              (K220437)
                                                  Reference Device

 Regulation        21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050  Same
 Number

 Regulation        Medical image management     Medical image    Same
 Description       and processing system         management and
                                                     processing
                                                 system

  Classification      System, Image Processing,      System, Image    Same
 Name              Radiological                    Processing,
                                                     Radiological

 Class              Class II                         Class II          Same

 Product Code    LLZ                   LLZ            Same

  Indications for     GyriCalc is intended for        Neurophet          Equivalent -
 Use               automatic labeling,        AQUA is         Both the subject device (GyriCalc) and the
                       visualization, and               intended for         reference device (Neurophet AQUA) are intended
                      quantification including         Automatic           to be used for automatic labeling, visualization,
                   volume, surface area and          labeling,           volumetric quantification of segmentable brain
                       gyrification analysis (i.e.,         visualization        structures from a set of MR images.
                       gyrification index) of           and volumetric     The subject device measurements include volume,
                   segmentable brain structures      quantification of    area and gyrification whereas the reference device
                  from a set of MR images.        segmentable        provides only volume measurement. The addition
                                                       brain               of area and gyrification measurements are
                   GyriCalc is intended to be        structures from a    considered technological characteristics which are
                   used by qualified personnel       set of MR          supported by clinical performance testing. As the
                  and interpreted by a qualified    images.             area and gyrification are also measurements, they
                        clinician.                      Volumetric        do not add a new ‘intended use’ and do not affect
                                                      data may be         the safety and/or effectiveness of the subject


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 13 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                             (21 CFR 807.92(c))


                  GyriCalc  is not intended to be   compared to        device as compared to the reference device or
                  used for visualization or          reference            raise new questions relating to safety and/or
                     quantification of neurologic      percentile data.      effectiveness.
                      lesions.
                                                                  GyriCalc does not include a normative database
                  GyriCalc is intended for                            with which to compare brain structures to ‘normal’
                    children between 24 to 36                               patients. This functionality is not needed as
                 months of age.                                   GyriCalc is intended for visualization and
                                                                            quantification only at this time. However,
                                                                  GyriCalc does include ‘reference values’ which
                                                                           are supported by the data used in the performance
                                                                            validation testing.
                                                                 For clarity, GyriCalc has added an explicit
                                                                       statement that the device is intended to be used by
                                                                             qualified personnel and interpreted by a qualified
                                                                                  clinician. The reference Neurophet AQUA device
                                                                           Indications statement does not state this explicitly
                                                                       but it is assumed as Neurophet AQUA is an Rx
                                                                    only device.

Target             Brain                          Brain           Same
Anatomical
Sites

Data Source          - MRI scanner: 3D T1              - MRI scanner:    Same
                   scans acquired with         3D T1
                     specified protocols              scans acquired
                         - Supports DICOM             with
                   format as input.                  specified
                                                     protocols
                                                                  - Supports
                                 DICOM
                                                 format as input.

Design and           - Automated                          - Automated        EquivalentIncorporated      measurement of brain          measurement of    Both the subject GyriCalc and Reference
Technology         tissue volumes and               brain          NEUROPHET device perform segmentation based
                      structures.                         tissue volumes     on deep-learning methodologies whereas the
                         - Automatic                  and               Primary Predicate device utilizes a technically
                   segmentation and                 structures           similar ‘atlas-based’ segmentation methodology.
                     quantification of brain              - Automatic        GyriCalc’s segmentation accuracy compared to
                     structures using deep            segmentation and   expert manual segmentations of 3D T1
                     learning.                          quantification of   MRI scans was evaluated using Dice’s coefficient
                                                     brain                metric. The results were in the range of 92-99%
                                                        structures using     with an average of 95% confidence.
                                               deep            The results of the segmentation support that the
                                                     learning             subject GyriCalc device is as safe and effective as
                                                                          the reference device.


510(k) Summary                                                      Page 14 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


8. SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS COMPARISON

GyriCalc is functionally equivalent to the primary predicate device (NeuroQuant K170981).
   •   Both the subject GyriCalc and predicate NeuroQuant devices are intended for automatic
        labeling, visualization and quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of
    MR images.
   •   Both devices provide morphometric measurements based on 3D T1 MRI images.
   •   Both devices produce similar reports. The output includes volumes that have been
       annotated
       with color overlays, with each color representing a particular segmented region, and
      morphometric reports.
   •   Both devices utilize the same automated safety measures and have similar processing
        architecture.
   •   Both systems are used by qualified medical professionals as a support tool in assessment
       of structural MRIs.
   •   Both devices have been validated using clinical performance testing.
9. PERFORMANCE TESTING SUMMARY

9.1. Software Verification and Validation

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by 2023 FDA Guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
Functions”.
The software verification and validation testing verified that the design requirements were
successfully met. The Intended use and user needs were successfully validated.
As the intended use, functionality and performance of the subject device and the predicate device
are equivalent, the result of the performance testing is evidence that the GyriCalc performs in an
equivalent manner to the NeuroQuant.

9.2. Clinical Performance Assessment

The performance of GyriCalc and NeuroQuant was verified using comparison against expert
manual segmentation as well as measuring segmentation reproducibility between same subject


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 15 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


scans. GyriCalc’s segmentation accuracy compared to expert manual segmentations of 3D T1
MRI scans was evaluated using Dice’s coefficient metric. The results were in the range of 0.92-
0.99 with an average of 0.95 confidence.

Volume Measurements:
GyriCalc’s mean percentage absolute volume difference of the major cortical regions was in the
range of 0.45 -12.1 %
Area Measurements:
GyriCalc’s mean absolute surface area error was in the range of 0.33 - 12.6 %.

Gyrification Measurements:
GyriCalc’s mean absolute gyrification Index error was in the range of 0.04 - 0.89%.


9.2.1.   Patient Population & Imaging Characteristics

The dataset used in the clinical performance assessment consisted of 82 T1 head MRIs from 82
patients with ages ranging from 24 to 36 months with normal-appearing brains. This dataset
represents a new, independent sampling of patients that were not involved in the development of
the device.

 Patient Characteristic  Count

 Patient Sex

   Male               57

   Female             25

 Patient Age (months)

    24-27              18

    27-30              24

    30-33              16

    33-36              24

 Location


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 16 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


 Patient Characteristic  Count

    U.S.                54

    Brazil              28


 Imaging Characteristics

 Magnetic Field Strength  Count

    1.5 T                 67

    3.0 T                 15

 Manufacturer          Count

    Philips               25

  GE                  56

   SIEMENS             1

 Voxel Spacing (mm)     Median [Range]

    Pixel Spacing X         0.45 [0.35, 1.25]

    Pixel Spacing Y         0.45 [0.35, 1.30]

    Slice Thickness          3.00 [0.99, 5.00]

  Slice Count             48 [24, 341]

Because MR imaging of healthy patients in the age range 24-36 months is rare, all patients
selected had normal-appearing brains as described in radiological reports. Patients with traumatic
brain injury, post-surgical changes, or brain lesions were excluded. The following tables
summarize the reasons patients underwent an MRI study and the radiological findings/potential
confounders for patients in the test dataset.

 Reason for MRI                                                                         Count *

 Not specified                                                                                 29


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 17 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


 Reason for MRI                                                                         Count *

  Seizure(s)                                                                                    20

 Developmental Delay                                                                          14

 Episode of altered mental status                                                                   3

 Epilepsy                                                                                     2

 Estropia                                                                                      2

 Vomiting                                                                                     2

 Weakness/Lethargy                                                                            2

  Ataxia, exotropia, headaches, macrocephaly, microcephaly, optic nerve hypoplasia, orbital mass, spastic         11 (1 for
 hemiparesis, nystagmus, spastic diplegia, suspected pituitary disorder                                          each)

* some patients with multiple reasons for MRI

 Radiological Findings/Potential Confounders                                                   Count *

 None/Not Specified                                                                            23

  Seizure(s)/Epilepsy                                                                             22

 Sinus Inflammation/Infection                                                                     19

 Developmental Delay                                                                           14

 Premature Birth                                                                                4

 Diminutive Pituitary                                                                            2

 Eye Disorder                                                                                  5

 Movement Disorder                                                                             5

 Asymmetry of hippocampus, benign ventricular cyst, ear infection, focal cortical displasia, hyperthyroidism,      9 (1 for
 macrocephaly, microcephaly, neonatal infarction, orbital dermoid                                               each)

* some patients with multiple radiological findings/potential confounders


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 18 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


9.2.2.   Reference Standard

Each image was annotated independently by 3 experts. A total of 6 experts in two groups of three
were used to establish the reference segmentations of the brain:
   •   Group 1: 32 cases annotated. Consisted of two U.S-based neuroradiologists and one U.S.-
       based neuroimaging consultant PhD.
   •   Group 2: 50 cases annotated. Consisted of three U.S.-based neuroradiologists.
For each brain MRI, the expert used an annotation platform to view the image series and a preloaded initialization of 16 subregions of the brain. The expert then reviewed the initial
segmentation and edited the segmentations as necessary for accuracy.
The segmentations of the 3 experts where then combined to produce a single segmentation using
the STAPLE method. Reference measurements (i.e., volume, surface area, and local gyrification
index) were derived from the combined segmentation.

9.3. Results

The average Dice score between the predicted volumes of brain subregions and the reference
volumes ranged from 0.92 to 0.99, with an average of 0.95 for all regions. The region with the
lowest average Dice score was the left inferior parietal gyrus (0.92 [0.90, 0.94]).
The mean absolute errors for volume, surface area, and gyrification index for each of the
specified regions of the brain are reported below.

 Structure/Region   Mean Absolute        Mean Absolute        Mean Absolute
                 Volume Error           Surface Area Error       Gyrification Index Error

 Total Cortex       2.14% [1.66%, 2.61%]    N/A*                N/A*
   Left Cortex        2.41% [1.81%, 3.01%]
   Right Cortex      1.88% [1.49%, 2.28%]

 Superior Frontal
   Left             0.48% [0.25%, 0.72%]    0.46% [0.17%, 0.76%]    0.04% [0.02%, 0.05%]
   Right            0.59% [0.31%, 0.87%]    0.63% [0.21%, 1.05%]    0.04% [0.02%, 0.05%]

 Middle Frontal
   Left             0.51% [0.29%, 0.72%]    0.49% [0.08%, 0.91%]    0.05% [0.03%, 0.06%]
   Right            0.45% [0.29%, 0.60%]    0.33% [0.16%, 0.49%]    0.04% [0.03%, 0.05%]


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 19 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


 Structure/Region   Mean Absolute        Mean Absolute        Mean Absolute
                 Volume Error           Surface Area Error       Gyrification Index Error

 Fusiform
   Left             1.44% [0.74%, 2.14%]    1.40% [0.48%, 2.32%]    0.07% [0.05%, 0.10%]
   Right            1.37% [0.66%, 2.08%]    1.30% [0.47%, 2.13%]    0.08% [0.04%, 0.12%]

 Inferior Temporal
   Left             1.11% [0.71%, 1.51%]    1.14% [0.62%, 1.67%]    0.12% [0.06%, 0.17%]
   Right            1.05% [0.59%, 1.52%]    1.09% [0.56%, 1.61%]    0.12% [0.06%, 0.17%]

 Inferior Parietal
   Left             12.10% [8.44%, 15.77%]  12.58% [8.72%, 16.43%]  0.89% [0.56%, 1.22%]
   Right            7.88% [5.68%, 10.07%]   8.42% [5.98%, 10.86%]   0.49% [0.32%, 0.67%]

 Lingual
   Left             4.92% [3.85%, 6.00%]    5.70% [4.11%, 7.29%]    0.32% [0.23%, 0.41%]
   Right            4.46% [3.59%, 5.33%]    5.45% [4.09%, 6.80%]    0.49% [0.35%, 0.63%]

 Cuneus
   Left             10.75% [8.50%, 13.00%]  11.64% [8.75%, 14.54%]  0.48% [0.32%, 0.65%]
   Right            10.18% [7.79%, 12.57%]  11.28% [8.51%, 14.05%]  0.50% [0.36%, 0.64%]

* identical surfaces, so the error is zero
The pre-specified acceptance criteria for volume, surface area, and gyrification index errors was
below 10%. The total cortex, superior frontal, middle frontal, fusiform, inferior temporal, and
lingual regions met the expected performance thresholds.
Two regions exceeded the stated thresholds. For the inferior parietal gyrus (left), the average
volume error was 12.10% [8.44%, 15.77%] and the average surface area error was 12.58%
[8.72%, 16.43%]. For the cuneus (left & right): the average volume error was 10.75% [8.50%,
13.00%] and 10.18% [7.79%, 12.57%] for the left and right, respectively, and the average
surface area error was 11.64% [8.75%, 14.54%] and 11.28% [8.51%, 14.05%] for the left and
right, respectively. All regions met the expected performance thresholds for gyrification index
error.
10.  CONCLUSION

   •    GyriCalc has the equivalent indications for use and intended use as NeuroQuant.
   •   Both devices have similar technological characteristics as they are both automatically
        label, visualize, and quantify segmentable brain structures from a set of MR images.


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 20 of 21

510(k) Summary
                                              (21 CFR 807.92(c))


   •   Any differences in technological characteristics between both devices, such as the
       addition of area measurements and gyrification analysis, do not raise different questions
       of safety and effectiveness. The GyriCalc subject device has also undergone successful
        verification and validation testing, which supports the safe and effective performance of
       the device.
These similarities support the substantial equivalence of GyriCalc to the predicate NeuroQuant
device.


 510(k) Summary                                                      Page 21 of 21