September 2, 2025

Velmeni Inc.
℅ Ishveen Anand
Head of Regulatory & Risk
333 West Maude Avenue , STE 207
SUNNYVALE, CA 94085


Re: K250753
    Trade/Device Name: VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: August 1, 2025
    Received: August 1, 2025


Dear Ishveen Anand:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K250753 - Ishveen Anand                                                             Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K250753 - Ishveen Anand                                                             Page  3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,
             Lu Jiang


                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K250753

Device Name
VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D)


Indications for Use (Describe)
VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D) is a concurrent-read, computer-assisted detection software intended to assist dentists in
the clinical detection of dental caries, fillings/restorations, fixed prostheses, and implants in digital bitewing, periapical,
and panoramic radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 15 years of age or older. This device provides additional
information for dentists in examining radiographs of patients’ teeth. This device is not intended as a replacement for a
complete examination by the dentist or their clinical judgment that considers other relevant information from the image,
patient history, or actual in vivo clinical assessment. Final diagnoses and patient treatment plans are the responsibility of
the dentist.
This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D)
                                                         - K250753

                                    510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92, the following 510(k) Summary for
VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D) is provided:

Submitter Information
Submitter:


Date Prepared:

Contact Person:


Identification of the Device
Trade Name:
Common Name:
Classification Name


Product Code:
Device Class:

Predicate Device(s)
Predicate Device:
Classification Name
Regulatory Classification:
Product Code:
Device Class


Device Description
V4D software medical device comprises of the following key components:

   ●  Web Application Interface delivers front-end capabilities and is the point of interaction
      between the device and the user.
   ●  Machine Learning (ML) Engine delivers V4D’s core ML capabilities through the
       radiograph type classifier, condition detection module, tooth numbering module, and
      merging module.
   ●  Backend API allows interaction between all the components, as defined in this section,
        in order to fulfill the user's requests on the web application interface.
   ●  Queue receives and stores messages from Backend API to send to AI-Worker.
   ●  AI-Worker accepts radiograph analysis requests from Backend API via the Queue,
      passes gray scale radiographs to the ML Engine in the supported extensions (jpeg and

png), and returns the ML analysis results to the Backend API.
     ● Database and File Storage store critical information related to the application, including
        user data, patient profiles, analysis results, radiographs, and associated data.


 The following non-medical interfaces are also available with VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D):
     ● VELMENI BRIDGE (VB) acts as a conduit enabling data and information exchange
       between Backend API and third-party software like Patient Management or Imaging
        Software
     ●  Rejection Review (RR) module captures the ML-detected conditions rejected by dental
        professionals to aid in future product development and to be evaluated in accordance
         with VELMENIs post-market surveillance procedure.
 This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).

Intended Use/ Indications for Use
VELMENI for DENTISTS (V4D) is a concurrent-read, computer-assisted detection software intended to
assist dentists in the clinical detection of dental caries, fillings/restorations, fixed prostheses, and
implants in digital bitewing, periapical, and panoramic radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 15
years of age or older. This device provides additional information for dentists in examining radiographs
of patients’ teeth. This device is not intended as a replacement for a complete examination by the
dentist or their clinical judgment that considers other relevant information from the image, patient
history, or actual in vivo clinical assessment. Final diagnoses and patient treatment plans are the
responsibility of the dentist.
This device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).

Technological Comparison

The only difference between the proposed VELMENI for Dentists Device and its predicate device
VELMENI for Dentists (K240003) is that the subject device includes a Predetermined Change
Control Plan (PCCP). Both devices are identical in all other aspects, including device features,
incorporated models, software version, indications for use, and indicated patient population.

The only technological difference between the predicate and proposed devices is that the
proposed device includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP). Similarities of the device
with the predicate are maintained following PCCP modifications, and PCCP modifications do not
incur additional differences with the predicate device.

Predetermined Change Control Plan
This submission provided a set of PCCPs that Velmeni will follow to validate the standalone
updates to the identified Machine Learning Software Device functions (ML-DSF) of the device,
namely the Condition Detection Modules for each radiograph type (bitewing, periapical, and
panoramic) that contains the models trained for detecting predetermined conditions (caries and
fillings/restorations, fixed prostheses, and implants).

The PCCPs include key components (data management, retraining, performance evaluation,
update procedures, and impact assessments) that describe the plan for developing, validating,
and implementing the modifications using post-market and real-world data to reduce false
positives and negatives. The predefined performance and validation requirements must be met
prior to the manual update of the device.

●   If the modification passes the predefined evaluation criteria, controlled reports &
      documentation will be generated and maintained for record keeping in line with VELMENI
      Quality management procedure. Additionally, the device labeling will be updated to
      reference the updated ML-DSF model performance.
   ●  For instances where the modification does not pass the predefined criteria, the modification
        will not be implemented.


Modification Description                              This modification includes re-training the model and is an update
                                   to the model weights (and optionally hyperparameters) based on a
                             combination of new and existing training and tuning data,
                            enhancing its ability to generalize and improve performance on
                                 real-world cases while maintaining the model architecture. No
                           changes are made to the deployment environment or inference
                                   pipeline, only the trained parameters (model weights) are updated.


                                   ●  Bitewing Caries Detection Model
                                   ●  Bitewing Fillings/restorations, Fixed Prostheses, and
                                    Implants Detection Model
                                   ●  Periapical Caries Detection Model
                                   ●  Periapical Fillings/restorations, Fixed Prostheses, and
                                    Implants Detection Model
                                   ● Panoramic Caries Detection Model
                                   ● Panoramic Fillings/restorations, Fixed Prostheses, and
                                    Implants Detection Model
                               Re-training will be triggered if performance or data drift metrics are
                             observed. Performance drift metrics include lesion or case level
                                     sensitivity, case level specificity, false positive rate per image, and
                       DICE score. Data drift metrics including Population Stability Index
                               (PSI) and Statistical Distribution Changes are evaluated on a
                                quarterly basis.

Goal                     The goal is to ensure the device remains safe and effective while
                           enhancing the device diagnostic accuracy for detecting dental caries,
                                 restorations, fixed prostheses, and implants.

Testing Methods                                Re-training of each Condition Detection Model with new data to
                              maintain/improve its performance will be followed by performance
                                  testing and a comparison of the modified Condition Detection
                          Model to the reference models i.e. most recent model version and
                               the original cleared model version (using model-specific
                            performance metrics) and verification and validation.
                         The Condition Detection modification will not change the intended
                                 use/instructions for use cleared under K240003, hence, the overall
                             standalone study protocol methodology for the modifications
                            implemented under the approved PCCPs is aligned with the

predicate Velmeni for Dentists cleared under K240003. The
                                modifications do not affect the relevance of the study endpoints,
                            which were originally chosen based on current dental practices.
                         The acceptance criteria for Sensitivity , Specificity and Average
                             False Positives have been updated to match the lower bounds of
                              confidence interval demonstrated by the originally cleared models'
                             standalone results. The new models will be evaluated on a
                           combined test dataset with balanced ratio of historical and new
                              data for validation to avoid overfitting historical data from repeated
                              use. The new test data is fully independent on a site-level from
                                  training/tuning data, and the test dataset remains at least 50% US
                                   data.

                             Since the device remains unchanged from the version cleared
                            under K24003, the clinical test results under K240003 remain
                                applicable and MRMC results concluded the effectiveness of the
                      V4D software in assisting readers to identify more caries and
                                    identify more fixed prostheses, implants, and restorations
                                    correctly.

Device Update Procedure                         The modified model will be locked prior to the evaluation. If the
                              predefined PCCP criteria is met, the device will be updated
                             manually and available globally for all the end users (global
                                       availability). After the release, the rollout is accompanied by an
                             on-screen pop-up notification with the updated device version and
                                      link to User manual that covers the model changes and resulting
                            performance characteristics. The latest device version will also be
                                  reflected on the Support tab for future user awareness.
                                   Additionally, the support tab will include a link to the updated User
                          manual reflecting the modification implemented under the
                            approved PCCP and updated standalone performance results.


Impact Assessment                          These updates maintain or enhance the model's ability to
                               generalize across different patient demographics, radiograph
                                 modalities, and clinical scenarios. This ensures that the model
                              continues to perform reliably in aiding dental practitioners in the
                                detection and localization of dental conditions lesions on bitewing,
                                   periapical, and panoramic radiographs.
                                Benefit-Risk Analysis:
                                 Benefits: Maintained or improved performance, generalization
                                          ability, prevention of subgroup biases
                                Risks: Model degradation, overfitting, misclassification,


                              Risk Mitigations:
                                 Cross-validation, early stopping, bias monitoring, training data
                               composition, performance evaluation

Cybersecurity                             Velmeni maintains adherence to FDA guidance, Cybersecurity in
                              Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
                             Premarket Submissions, throughout the course of model
                                 modifications under the authorized PCCP.


 Performance Data

 Biocompatibility Testing:
 Similar to the predicate device, there are no direct or indirect patient-contacting components of the
 proposed device. Therefore, patient contact information and biocompatibility testing are not applicable
 for this device.

 Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC):
 Similar to the predicate device, the proposed device is a software-only device. It contains no
 electric components, generates no electrical emissions, and uses no electrical energy of any type.
 Therefore, electrical safety and EMC testing is not applicable for this device.

 Software Verification and Validation Tests:
 The proposed device remains unchanged from the predicate Velmeni for Dentists cleared under
 K240003, hence, no additional software testing was conducted. The intended use of both the
 predicate device and the proposed device is identical. The only difference between the two devices
  is the inclusion of a set of PCCPs in the proposed device. These minor technological differences do
 not raise any concerns regarding safety or effectiveness for all intended users, uses, and use
 environments. The existing data from the previous testing remains applicable.

 Animal Testing:
 Similar to the predicate device, animal studies were not necessary to establish the substantial
 equivalence of this device.

 Bench Testing and Clinical Testing:
 The proposed device remains unchanged from the predicate Velmeni for Dentists cleared under
 K240003, hence, no additional performance testing was conducted. The intended use of both the
 predicate device and the proposed device is identical. The only difference between the two devices
  is the inclusion of a set of PCCPs in the proposed device. The planned modifications contained in
 the set of PCCPs do not constitute technological differences between the subject and predicate
 devices, and as such do not raise any concerns regarding safety or effectiveness. The existing data
 from the previous testing remains applicable.


 Conclusion
 Both the predicate device and the proposed VELMENI for dentists device share the same intended
 purpose. The subject and predicate devices do not have technological differences, therefore there
 are no new questions of safety or effectiveness. Following the information reviewed as part of this
 510k, it can be concluded that the VELMENI for Dentists is substantially equivalent to the predicate
 device.