December 17, 2025
UltraSight Ltd.
Noa Avisar
VP Clinical and Regulatory Affairs
8 Pinhas St.
Ness Ziona, 7403631
Israel

Re: K251416
    Trade/Device Name:  UltraSight Guidance
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2100
    Regulation Name: Radiological Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guidance System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QJU
    Dated: November 19, 2025
    Received: November 19, 2025

Dear Noa Avisar:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251416 - Noa Avisar                                                                Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K251416 - Noa Avisar                                                                Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                    YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251416

Device Name

UltraSight Guidance

Indications for Use (Describe)

The UltraSight Guidance is intended to assist medical professionals (not including expert sonographers) in acquiring
cardiac ultrasound images. UltraSight Guidance is an accessory to compatible general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound
systems. UltraSight Guidance is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2D- TTE) for adult
patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal ShortAxis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short Axis at
the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2), Apical
3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

IJLTRASIGHT 510(k) SUMMARY Page: 1 of 8
510(k) SUMMARY
UltraSight Guidance K251 41 6
Applicant name: UltraSight Ltd.
8 Pinhas Sapir St.
Ness Ziona 7403631
Israel
Phone: +972-54-8886425
Email: noa@ultrasight.com
Contact Person: Noa Avisar
Date Prepared: 11/11/2025
Name of Device: UltraSight Guidance
Classification Name: Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guided By Artificial Intelligence
Classification Code: QJU
Device class: II
Regulation number: 892.2100
Panel: Radiology
Predicate Devices: UltraSight Guidance Software (K223347)
Intended Use / Indications for Use
The UltraSight Guidance is intended to assist medical professionals (not including expert
sonographers) in acquiring cardiac ultrasound images. UltraSight Guidance is an accessory to
compatible general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems. UltraSight Guidance is indicated for use
in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2D- TTE) for adult patients, specifically in the
acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at
the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal ShortAxis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-
Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior
Vena Cava (SC-IVC).
Device Description
UltraSight Guidance is a software application based on machine learning that uses artificial intelligence
(Al) to provide dynamic real-time guidance on the position and orientation of the transducer to help
non-expert users acquire diagnostic-quality tomographic views of the heart. The system provides
guidance for ten standard cardiac views.

Main features:

* Quality Bar: The system displays an image quality bar that is continuously updated while the
user scans the subject, while attempting to find the maximal quality. The quality bar is a score
for image diagnosability. It represents the classification between high and low quality images,
where high quality images are defined as grade 3 or more based on American College of
Emergency Physicians (ACEP) guidelines (Rachel B. Liu et al., “Emergency Ultrasound
Standard Reporting Guidelines”, 2018, American College of Emergency Physicians)

+ Probe Guidance: The probe guidance feature provides graphic on-screen instructions for the
user to emulate how a sonographer would manipulate the transducer to acquire the target
cardiac view. The five possible guidance cues are rotation, tilt, rock, and slides in the lateralmedial and up/down directions (with respect to the subjects’ head).

The guidance user interface (UI) is composed of a 3D probe display that shows orientation
guidance cues (rotations, tilts and rocks) and a cross that shows slide guidance cues (slides in
x and y directions). The users infer the maneuver they should perform from viewing the 3D
probe display and the slides cross. Supporting text messages appear on the screen regarding
guidance cues.
This device is a modification of a previously marketed device, where the main modification introduced
is the addition of a pre-processing step, done prior to feeding images as an input to the device. This
modification is aimed to enable future compatibility with potentially additional ultrasound probes that
meet pre-requisites (as part of a pre-determined change control plan).
Technological Characteristics
The UltraSight Guidance software application is similar in its technological features to its predicate
device. Both systems are intended as an assistive tool to aid medical professionals in the acquisition
of cardiac ultrasound images. Specifically, both systems are indicated to aid in the acquisition of the
following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve
(PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the
Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber
(AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava
(SC-IVC).
The technological characteristics of the UltraSight Guidance software are identical to the technological
characteristics of the predicate device. Both systems apply MLM based algorithms to provide real-time
guidance on how to position and manipulate the transducer on a patient's body. Both systems are
coupled with a third-party, previously cleared ultrasound system and provide to the users real-time
guidance during acquisition of 2D echocardiography to assist them in obtaining echocardiography
images that represent standard diagnostic views and orientations.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below:
Table 1: Substantial Equivalence
UltraSight Al Guidance Proposed UltraSight -
Classification Image Acquisition And/or Identical
name Optimization Guided by Artificial | Same
Intelligence
Intended Use The UltraSight Al Guidance Identical
software is intended to assist
medical professionals in the
acquisition of cardiac ultrasound
images. UltraSight Al Guidance Same
software is an accessory to
compatible general purpose
diagnostic ultrasound systems
Indications for use | The UltraSight Al Guidance is | Same Identical
intended to assist medical
professionals (not including
expert sonographers) in
acquiring cardiac ultrasound
images. UltraSight Al Guidance
is an accessory to compatible
general-purpose diagnostic
ultrasound systems. UltraSight
Al Guidance is indicated for
use in two-dimensional
transthoracic echocardiography
(2D- TTE) for adult patients,
specifically in the acquisition of
the following standard views:
Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX),
Parasternal Short-Axis at the
Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV),
Parasternal Short-Axis at the
Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV),
Parasternal Short-Axis at the
Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM),
Apical 4-Chamber (AP4),
Apical 5-Chamber (AP5),
Apical 2-Chamber (AP2),
Apical 3-Chamber (AP3),

UltraSight Al Guidance Proposed UltraSight -
Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4),
and Subcostal Inferior Vena
Cava (SC-IVC).
Intended user Medical professionals (not Same Identical
ISIS ncudrgersetsorpoones) |
Compatible Philips Lumify with S4-1 probe Same Identical
Ultrasound system | and compatible tablets defined in
and probe the labeling
Image acquisition | Probe Guidance: this feature, Same Identical
guidance which is the core of the
application, provides on-screen
instructions to the user to
emulate how an expert would
manipulate the transducer to
acquire the optimal view.
Real time Quality bar: real-time feedback Same Identical
feedback on on the clip’s quality advises the
image quality user on the expected diagnostic
quality of the current clip. This
information can be used by the
users to assess how close they
are to capturing a diagnosticquality image.
Downloadable application that Same Identical
utilizes artificial intelligence (Al)
to provide real-time dynamic
Deep Learning guidance of transducer position
Based Algorithm and orientation to help nonexpert users acquire diagnosticquality tomographic views of the
heart.

IJLTRASIGH ) 510(k) SUMMARY Page: 5 of 8
Parameters UltraSight Al Guidance Proposed UltraSight Guidance
(K223347) (K251416)

Predetermined Change Control Not included Added to the PCCP

Plan (PCCP):

M1 Retraining - to enhance MLM

performance, to optimize MLM

performance for specific

demographic population within the

intended use, and to increase

stability in consecutive MLM

predictions.

M2 Expand compatibility with Not included Added to the PCCP

additional ultrasound systems

M3 Addition of target cardiac views | Not included Added to the PCCP
Substantial Equivalence
The UltraSight Guidance software has the same intended use, indications for use, technological
characteristics and principles of operation as the predicate device. As discussed above, while there are
minor differences between the subject and predicate devices, the differences do not raise any different
questions of safety or effectiveness, and bench performance data is available to demonstrate that the
performance of UltraSight Guidance is equivalent to the performance of the predicate device. Therefore,
the devices are substantially equivalent.
Non-Clinical Performance Data
The following performance testing was conducted to evaluate the device:
Quality Bar:
The quality bar is a score for image diagnosability. It represents the classification between high- and
low-quality images, where high quality images are defined as grade 3 or more based on ACEP
guidelines.
The test dataset was collected from clinical sites geographically distinct from those used for the
development dataset. It included a total of 134 patients - 111 from the USA and 23 from Israel -
comprising 26,362 ultrasound clips. The dataset represents a diverse patient population with variations
in body mass index (BMI: 18-39.3), age (18 - 91 years), and sex (50.7% female and 49.3% male).
Each clip in the dataset is associated with a target cardiac view and was annotated with a clip
diagnosability label (diagnosable / non-diagnosable).
The test assessed the classification performance between “diagnosable” and “non diagnosable” clips
of each view. The clips were annotated by two expert cardiologists for its diagnosability. In case of
disagreement, a third cardiologist provided additional annotation, and the final label was determined

by majority vote among the three experts. The mean area under the receiver operating characteristic
curve (AUC) was within the pre-defined acceptance criteria (AUC > 0.8) with 95% Cl showing good
classification performance, relative to the success criteria. The mean false positive rate (FPR) met the
acceptance criteria of FPR <0.2 with 95% Cl showing good classification performance. Subgroup
analyses were conducted across BMI categories (<25, =25 and <30, =30), age groups (< 50, =50
and <65, =65), sex (male and female) and US vs non-US.

Probe Guidance:

The system provides guidance cues when the heart is visible on the ultrasound image. To provide the
correct guidance cues, the system needs to be able to identify the position and orientation of the probe
relative to the target cardiac view. There are five possible guidance cues: rotations, tilts, rocks, and
slides in the x (lateral-medial) and y (superior-inferior) directions.

The test dataset was collected from clinical sites geographically distinct from those used for the
development dataset. It included a total of 134 patients - 111 from the USA and 23 from Israel -
comprising 2.4 million ultrasound frames. The dataset encompasses a diverse patient population
with variation in body mass index (BMI: 18-39.3), age (18 - 91 years), and sex (50.7% female and
49.3% male).

Ground truth was established by expert sonographers and/or cardiologists using the recorded probe
position during ultrasound acquisition. The relative position of the probe at each frame, compared to
the position associated with the target view, defined the required rotation, tilt, rock and slides
adjustments.

The testing evaluated the frame level accuracy of each guidance cue prediction. For each guidance
cue, a series of tests was defined to check if the guidance cue is functioning correctly in a particular
direction (for example, clockwise rotations relative to 2C view, tilts up from PLAX). Each test was
formulated as a binary classification test. The mean AUC was within the acceptance criteria of
AUC>0.8 with 95% Cl showing good classification performance. Subgroup analyses were conducted
across BMI categories (<25, =25 and <30, =30), age groups (< 50, =50 and <65, =65), sex (male
and female) and US vs non-US.

Software and Cybersecurity:

The device underwent comprehensive software validation and cybersecurity testing in accordance
with the FDA’s Guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” and
“Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
Submissions”. These evaluations ensured the software meets its intended use, functions reliably
under expected conditions, and incorporates appropriate risk-based cybersecurity controls. The
submission includes documentation of threat modeling, vulnerability testing, and secure design
practices to support the safety and effectiveness of the device in today’s evolving cybersecurity
landscape.

Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)
A Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) is added to describe what modifications will be made
to the subject device following the marketing authorization (i.e. 510(k) clearance) and how the
modifications will be assessed.
Each modification is provided with an impact assessment and a detailed test plan to ensure the device
with a modification maintains safety and effectiveness as the predicate device. The device with the
planned modifications has the same intended use, indication for use, technological characteristics and
principles of operation as the predicate device, therefore remaining substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.
Table 3: PCCP Modifications
Modification Rationale for Testing Methods, Validation | Communication to users
Modification activities and performance
requirements
Model re- Improvement and Repeating verification tests The labeling will be updated in
training optimization of MLM: and the system level accordance with the authorized
Enhance MLM validation tests to ensure the PCCP, to provide users with
performance, following pre-defined current information regarding
Optimize MLM acceptance criteria are met: updated performance results.
performance for Quality Bar:
specific demographic e Mean area under the ROC
population within the curve (AUC) > 0.8
intended use, e Mean false positive rate
Increase stability in (FPR) at the green quality
consecutive MLM threshold < 0.2
predictions. Guidance:
e Lower bound of the 95% Cl
of the mean AUC > 0.8
Expand Increase accessibility of Image parameters from the The labeling will be updated in
Compatibility | UltraSight Guidance calibrated candidate accordance with the authorized
with ultrasound device are PCCP, with the newly added
additional compared to the predefined compatible ultrasound systems.
ultrasound boundaries of applicability.
systems Compatibility is confirmed In addition, the user manual will
when the parameters fall include information on the
within these boundaries. methodology of how a candidate
ultrasound device was approved.
Expanded list Enhance the system’s | Repeating verification tests The labeling will be updated in
of cardiac clinical use by offering | and the system level accordance with the authorized
views guidance to additional _ validation tests to ensure the PCCP, to provide users with
supported cardiac following pre-defined current information regarding
views acceptance criteria are met for updated cardiac views to support
both the complete dataset the change.
(including enrichment with

additional supported views)
and the original test dataset:
Quality Bar:
e Mean area under the ROC
curve (AUC) > 0.8
e Mean false positive rate
(FPR) at the green quality
threshold < 0.2
Guidance:
e Lower bound of the 95%
Cl of the mean AUC > 0.8
Clinical utility test will evaluate
the ability of non-expert users
to obtain diagnostic-quality
cardiac images using
UltraSight software for the
newly added cardiac views.
Images will be evaluated by
experts for a pre-defined
clinical outcome related to the
view and for their diagnosticquality. The study will be
considered successful when
the clinical outcome can be
achieved in 275% of subjects.
Conclusions
In this Traditional 510(k) premarket notification, UltraSight Ltd. demonstrates substantial equivalence
of the proposed UltraSight Guidance software to the currently marketed and predicate device
UltraSight Al Guidance (K223347). UltraSight Guidance Software has the same intended use and
indications for use, and same technological characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate
device. The modifications implemented in the subject device do not raise different questions of safety
or effectiveness.