September 12, 2025


Volta Medical
℅ Kristin Duggan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K251518
    Trade/Device Name: Volta AF-Xplorer II
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK
    Dated: May 16, 2025
    Received: August 15, 2025

Dear Kristin Duggan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251518 - Kristin Duggan                                                               Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251518 - Kristin Duggan                                                               Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                       Aneesh S. Deoras -S

                                       Aneesh Deoras
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                  Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This K251518

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

Please provide the device trade name(s).
Volta AF-Xplorer II

Please provide your Indications for Use below.
The Volta AF-Xplorer II assists operators in the real-time manual or automatic annotation of 3D anatomical
and electrical maps of human atria for the presence of multipolar intra-cardiac atrial electrograms exhibiting
spatiotemporal dispersion during atrial fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as [| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

applicable). [5] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
Volta AF-Xplorer II Page 10 of 65

510(K) SUMMARY
                          VOLTA MEDICAL’s
                                     Volta AF-Xplorer II
                                   K251518

Submitter

Volta Medical
65 Avenue Jules Cantini
13006 Marseille
France

Phone: +33 7 68 02 54 09

Contact Person: Paola MILPIED
Date Prepared: September 11, 2025

Name of Device: Volta AF-Xplorer II

Common or Usual Name: Cardiac Mapping System

Classification Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer

Regulatory Class: 21 C.F.R § 870.1425

Product Code: DQK

Predicate Device: Volta Medical, Volta AF-Xplorer (K243812)

Device Description

The Volta AF-Xplorer II is a machine and deep learning based-algorithm designed to assist operators
in the real-time manual or automatic annotation of 3D anatomical and electrical maps of the human
heart  for  the presence  of electrograms  exhibiting  spatio-temporal  dispersion,  i.e., dispersed
electrograms (DEs).

The Volta AF-Xplorer II device is a non-sterile reusable medical device, composed of a computing
platform and a software application. Volta AF-Xplorer II works with all existing 510(k)-cleared catheters
that meet specific dimension requirements and with one of the three specific data acquisition systems:
    •  Two compatible EP recording systems: the LabSystem Pro EP Recording System (Boston
         Scientific) (K141185) or the MacLab CardioLab EP Recording System (General Electric)
       (K130626)
    •  a 3D mapping system: EnSite X 3D mapping system (Abbott) (K221213).

A connection cable is used to connect the corresponding data acquisition system to the Volta AFXplorer II system, depending on the type of communication used:
    •   Unidirectional analog communication with the EP recording systems via a custom-made cable
       (two different variants: DSUB, Octopus) and an Advantech PCI-1713U analog-to-digital


K251518                                                                               Page 1 of 7

converter, which acquires analog data, digitizes  it, and transmits the digital signals to the
       computer that hosts the Volta AF-Xplorer II software.
    •   Bidirectional  digital communication with the EnSite 3D mapping system (K221213) and
      MacLab CardioLab EP Recording System (General Electric) (K130626), via an ethernet cable
        (four different lengths: 20,10, 5 or 2m) which transmits the digital signals directly to the
       computer.

The computer and its attached display are located outside the sterile operating room area. The Volta
AF-Xplorer II software analyzes the patient’s electrograms to cue operators in real-time to intra-cardiac
electrograms of interest for atrial regions harboring DEs as well as a cycle length estimation from
electrograms recorded with the mapping and the coronary sinus catheters. The results of the analysis
are graphically presented on the attached computer display and/or on a secondary medical screen or
on an operating room widescreen. The  identified regions of  interest are  either manually  (all
configurations) or automatically (only available in digital bidirectional communication with the EnSite
X 3D mapping system) tagged in the corresponding 3D mapping system.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Volta AF-Xplorer  II assists operators in the real-time manual or automatic annotation of 3D
anatomical and electrical maps of human atria for the presence of multipolar intra-cardiac atrial
electrograms exhibiting spatiotemporal dispersion during atrial fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

Volta AF-Xplorer II and the Volta AF-Xplorer predicate (K243812) are both software programs that
work with standard electrophysiology catheters to aid in mapping the heart. Both devices aid operators
by assisting in annotating complex electrical maps of the heart, and process and output information
via a computer and display that are operated by use of a keyboard / mouse. Both devices have the
same input (intra-cardiac multipolar signals) and similar outputs (associated dispersion).

Volta AF-Xplorer II and its predicate support electrophysiologists in the manual annotation of dispersed
areas using an unidirectional analog communication.

Volta AF-Xplorer II and its predicate provide the ability to connect to a specific 3D mapping system
through a bidirectional digital communication, which enables the operator to use the device’s function
for automatically tagging regions of interest.

The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

       Catheters Compatibility:
        Volta AF-Xplorer II supports Advisor HD Grid X catheter which replaces the Advisor HD Grid
        catheter. Catheter  characteristics remain  identical, name  compatibility was addressed.
       Reflexion HD catheter and “any circular 20 poles catheter” that were supported by predicate
       device Volta AF-Xplorer, are not supported anymore by Volta AF-Xplorer II. The Lasso 20 is
       the only 20 poles catheter that remains compatible with Volta AF-Xplorer II. These limited
      changes in compatible catheters do not affect the safety or performance of the device and do
       not raise different questions than those evaluated by FDA in the prior predicate clearance.


K251518                                                                               Page 2 of 7

Output
      The output provided by predicate Volta AF-Xplorer and the subject device Volta AF-Xplorer II
       are similar. The subject device now groups the previous output categories of high and very
       high likelihood of dispersion as a single “high likelihood”. This change does not change the
      use of the device because, previously, whether a “high” or “very high” likelihood, the operator
      mapped a dispersion at that location and so combining the output merely simplified the
        information without modifying device usage.

        Additionally, the post-processing “extra analysis” that has been added to the output of the
        subject Volta AF-Xplorer II device related to dispersion stability does not alter the mapping
        function of the device, it merely provides the electrophysiologist with additional display data to
        better visualize the areas of interest. Accordingly, this minor change in output does not impact
       the manner in which the device is used or raise different questions of safety or effectiveness
       than those that were considered for the predicate device.

       Algorithm
       For both predicate device (Volta AF-Xplorer) and the subject device (Volta AF-Xplorer II), the
      way in which the various algorithm steps are assembled follows the same principles of
       combining signal processing and machine-generated features into a single output, only the
        architecture / implementation has been updated to include more state of the art classifiers.
       Consequently, this change does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness than
      were addressed in for the predicate device. The dataset used to train the algorithm has been
       extended for subject device Volta AF-Xplorer II compared to predicate device Volta AF-Xplorer
      by adding intracardiac electrograms samples, number of ablation procedures and experts.
       Only the volume of the dataset was changed, the type of data and the manner in which the
       data was captured or utilized did not change, therefore this change does not raise questions
       regarding subject device safety and effectiveness.

       Operating System
       Subject device (Volta AF-Xplorer II) operating system has been upgraded to a new version
      compared to its predicate Volta AF-Xplorer.

       Connection with EP Recording System
        In addition, Volta AF-Xplorer II brings the ability to connect to a specific EP recording through
      a unidirectional digital communication. The connection with this EP recording system was
        available on predicate device Volta AF-Xplorer through an analog communication.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                    Subject Device:                  Predicate:                Analysis
               VOLTA MEDICAL          VOLTA MEDICAL
                    Volta AF-Xplorer II        Volta AF-Xplorer (K243812)
Regulation   21 CFR §870.1425           21 CFR §870.1425          Same
Classification Programmable Diagnostic      Programmable Diagnostic     Same
Name        Computer                   Computer
Product Code DQK                 DQK                   Same


K251518                                                                               Page 3 of 7

Subject Device:                  Predicate:                Analysis
               VOLTA MEDICAL          VOLTA MEDICAL
                    Volta AF-Xplorer II        Volta AF-Xplorer (K243812)
Intended Use The Volta AF-Xplorer II assists  The Volta AF-Xplorer assists   Same
/ Indications  operators in the real-time        operators in the real-time
for use       manual or automatic annotation manual or automatic annotation
                 of 3D anatomical and electrical  of 3D anatomical and electrical
           maps of human atria for the    maps of human atria for the
              presence of multipolar intra-    presence of multipolar intracardiac atrial electrograms      cardiac atrial electrograms
                 exhibiting spatiotemporal         exhibiting spatiotemporal
               dispersion during atrial          dispersion during atrial
                    fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.   fibrillation or atrial tachycardia.
User          •   Electrophysiologists         •   Electrophysiologists      Same
Population    •   Medical personnel (e.g.     •   Medical personnel (e.g.
                  biomedical engineer or          biomedical engineer or
                  nurses)                        nurses)
               •   Hospital administrator       •   Hospital administrator
Intended      Adults only                     Adults only               Same
Population
System Type  Signal processing based atrial   Signal processing based atrial  Same
             mapping system             mapping system
Primary       Displays and analyzes electrical Displays and analyzes electrical Same
Feature     maps such as intra-cardiac    maps such as intra-cardiac
              electrograms in real-time using  electrograms in real-time using
             machine learning and signal    machine learning and signal
              processing techniques          processing techniques
3D Location  Electroanatomic location is      Electroanatomic location is    Same
Technology   performed by another          performed by another
              commercially available         commercially available
               navigation system. In            navigation system. In
                 bidirectional digital                bidirectional digital
              communication, 3D Location is  communication, 3D Location is
              shared by the 3D Mapping      shared by the 3D Mapping
             System with Volta AF-Xplorer II System with Volta AF-Xplorer
Compatible   •  LabSystem Pro EP          •  LabSystem Pro EP       Same
Acquisition      Recording System (Boston     Recording System (Boston
Systems            Scientific)                          Scientific)
               •   CardioLab EP Recording    •   CardioLab EP Recording
                System (GE HealthCare)      System (GE HealthCare)
               •   EnSite X 3D Mapping       •   EnSite X 3D Mapping
                System (Abbott)             System (Abbott)
Compatible   Pentaray Nav (Biosense        Pentaray Nav (Biosense         Similar; substantially
Catheters     Webster), Advisor HD Grid      Webster), Advisor HD Grid      equivalent.
                (Abbott), Advisor HD Grid X    (Abbott), Reflexion HD
               (Abbott), Intellamap Orion      (Abbott), Intellamap Orion     These limited changes
              (Boston Scientific), Octaray 2-2- (Boston Scientific), Octaray 2-2- in compatible catheters
                 2, Octaray 2-5-2, Octaray 3-3-3  2, Octaray 2-5-2, Octaray 3-3-3 do not affect the safety
              (Biosense Webster), Lasso 20  (Biosense Webster), any        or performance of the
             (Biosense Webster)            circular 20 poles catheter     device (as confirmed


K251518                                                                               Page 4 of 7

Subject Device:                  Predicate:                Analysis
               VOLTA MEDICAL          VOLTA MEDICAL
                    Volta AF-Xplorer II        Volta AF-Xplorer (K243812)
                                                                                     via testing) and do not
                                                                                    raise different
                                                                            questions than those
                                                                           evaluated by FDA in
                                                                              the prior predicate
                                                                               clearance.
Inputs        Analog or digital Intra-cardiac   Analog or digital Intra-cardiac  Same
Required      signals at a sampling rate of     signals at a sampling rate of
             1000Hz. In digital mode, 3D    1000Hz. In digital mode, 3D
                locations of corresponding       locations of corresponding
               electrodes bipoles              electrodes bipoles
Output       Presence or absence of        Presence or absence of          Similar, substantially
               electrogram dispersion at each  electrogram dispersion at each  equivalent.
               electrode bipole under          electrode bipole under
                consideration.                   consideration.               The subject device now
                                                                       groups the previous
           Two levels of dispersion:      Two levels of dispersion         output categories of
                   •  Red for a high likelihood corresponding to the likelihood  high (orange) and very
                         of dispersion (includes   of dispersion:                  high (red) likelihood of
                      previous orange and red    •  Orange for a high       dispersion as a single
                        colors – high and very            likelihood of dispersion  “high likelihood” (red
                      high likelihood and very        and                       only). This minor
                      high likelihood of            •  Red for a very high     change in output does
                        dispersion, respectively          likelihood of dispersion) not impact the manner
                                ) and                                                             in which the device is
                   •  An extra analysis        In digital mode, 3D locations of  used or raise different
                     (subgroup of red)       corresponding electrodes       questions of safety or
                     towards a two-level      bipoles are displayed.           effectiveness than
                       hierarchy of regions of  Computed values of mapping   those that were
                          interest based on      and reference cycle length.     considered for the
                      consistency of the                                       predicate device.
                       dispersion in time and
                          intensity for each bipole,
                   and visually displayed
                    as a gauge that slowly
                      gets filled up.
                 In digital mode, 3D locations of
              corresponding electrodes
               bipoles are displayed.
            Computed values of mapping
             and reference cycle length.
Dispersion   Machine learning and deep     Machine learning and deep    Same
main          learning classifiers.              learning classifiers.
algorithm
Duration of   1.5 Seconds                    1.5 Seconds              Same
Electrogram
Recordings


K251518                                                                               Page 5 of 7

Subject Device:                  Predicate:                Analysis
               VOLTA MEDICAL          VOLTA MEDICAL
                    Volta AF-Xplorer II        Volta AF-Xplorer (K243812)
Output      The system generates color    The system generates color      Similar; substantially
Display      coded symbol(s) that indicates  coded symbol(s) that indicates   equivalent.
                 to the operator that the area     to the operator that the area
              under investigation is one       under investigation is one      The color coding of
                 exhibiting dispersion In           exhibiting dispersion In          signals of interest has
                 bidirectional digital                bidirectional digital            been modified between
              communication, validated       communication, validated       predicate Volta AFdispersion area can also be     dispersion area can also be     Xplorer and subject
                automatically displayed in the    automatically displayed in the   device Volta AF-
           3D mapping system as tags in  3D mapping system as tags in   Xplorer II. This
               the 3D atrial shell               the 3D atrial shell                modification does not
                                                                                              alter the mapping
                                                                                   function of the device
                                                                              since the 2-level is just
                                                                 a visualization tool to
                                                                                      better understand the
                                                                                dispersion maps. There
                                                                                                     is no impact on the
                                                                                                 clinical decision
                                                                         making.
Signal        Acquired patient signals,        Acquired patient signals,      Same
Information   including body surface ECG and including body surface ECG and
Displayed     intra-cardiac EGMs              intra-cardiac EGMs
Computing   Computer with Intel Core i7-    Computer with Intel Core i7-     Similar; substantially
Platform     7700 CPU (8MB Cache, up to   7700 CPU (8MB Cache, up to   equivalent.
              4.20 GHz, RAM 32 GB), with    4.20 GHz, RAM 32 GB), with
                integrated analog/digital         integrated analog/digital      OS was upgraded to
               converter PCI card and TPM    converter PCI card and TPM    newer version.
               (Trusted Platform Module)       (Trusted Platform Module)
             Debian-based Linux OS (Ubuntu Debian-based Linux OS (Ubuntu
               version 22.04LTS)              version 20.04LTS)
Hardware    Computing platform, proprietary Computing platform, proprietary Same
Design and   software algorithm, monitor,     software algorithm, monitor,
Materials     mouse/keyboard, custom-made mouse/keyboard, custom-made
              analog connection cable,       analog connection cable,
               ethernet cable, acquisition       ethernet cable, acquisition
             system                      system

Performance Data

Unitary tests performed on each algorithm unit are satisfactory with a conformity rate of 100%. This
confirms that expected performances of algorithm units are reached.

Further, bench testing has been performed on subject device Volta AF-Xplorer II system and includes
dispersion detection validation by expert assessment in comparison with the predicate device Volta
AF Xplorer:


K251518                                                                               Page 6 of 7

•  The  dispersion maps from  Volta AF-Xplorer   II  using  the  autotagging  functionality were
   demonstrated to be satisfactory for the clinician without significantly deviating from the dispersion
   maps generated manually from Volta AF-Xplorer II as confirmed by the qualitative analysis of the
   2D maps.
•   Highly stable dispersion tags of Volta AF-Xplorer II as a subset of dispersion for a simple or smart
    de-densification of dispersion were validated by experts through quantitative and qualitative
    analysis of 2D dispersion maps generated by Volta AF-Xplorer II during ablation procedures in a
    simulated environment.

Taken together, the subject device Volta AF-Xplorer II reaches the same level of performance as its
predicate Volta AF-Xplorer.

Conclusions

The subject device Volta AF-Xplorer II is as safe and effective as the predicate device Volta AF-Xplorer
(K243812). The Volta AF-Xplorer II has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. In addition, the minor technological
differences between the Volta AF-Xplorer II device and its predicate device raise no new issues of
safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the Volta AF-Xplorer II is as safe and
effective as the Volta AF-Xplorer.  Thus, the Volta AF-Xplorer  II is substantially equivalent to its
predicate.


K251518                                                                               Page 7 of 7