September 4, 2025

iSchemaView Inc.
James Rosa
Chief Regulatory and Compliance Officer
1120 Washington Ave.
Suite 200
Golden, CO 80401


Re: K251533
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid Obstructive Hydrocephalus, Rapid OH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: August 5, 2025
    Received: August 6, 2025

Dear James Rosa:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251533 - James Rosa                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-

K251533 - James Rosa                                                                Page  3


devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K251533

Device Name
Rapid OH


Indications for Use (Describe)
Rapid OH is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for suspicion of Obstructive
Hydrocephalus (OH) in non-enhanced CT head images of adult patients. The device is intended to assist trained clinicians
in workflow prioritization triage by providing notification of suspected findings in head CT images.

Rapid OH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with suspected OH on a server or
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with
notifications for cases with suspected OH findings. Notifications include compressed preview images, that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of Rapid OH are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on professional
judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images
per the standard of care.

Contraindications/Limitations/Exclusions:
• Rapid OH is intended for use for adult patients.
• Input data image series containing excessive patient motion or metal implants may impact module analysis accuracy,
robustness and quality.
• Ventriculoperitoneal shunts are contraindicated

Exclusions:
• Series with missing slices or improperly ordered slices
• data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 100kVp or > 140kVp.
• data not representing human head or head/neck anatomical regions


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid OH
510(k) Summary
                          K251533 510(k) Summary
                           iSchemaview, Inc.’s Rapid OH
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaview Rapid OH device. The
content of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                    iSchemaview, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington St., Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:       August 5, 2025
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:              Rapid Obstructive Hydrocephalus, Rapid OH
     Common Name:           Medical image management and processing system
        Classification:                   II
       Product Code:              Primary: QAS
       Regulation No:            21 C.F.R. §892.2080
        Classification              Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaview Rapid OH Analysis Module is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the
legally marketed predicate, Rapid SDH (K232436).

Device Description:
Rapid OH software device is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software device
using AI/ML. The Rapid OH device is a non-contrast CT (NCCT) processing module which
operates within the integrated Rapid Platform to provide a notification of suspected findings of
obstructive hydrocephalus (OH). The Rapid OH device is SaMD which analyzes input NCCT
images that are provided in DICOM format for notification of suspected findings for workflow
prioritization.
Indications for Use:
Rapid OH is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for
suspicion of Obstructive Hydrocephalus (OH) in non-enhanced CT head images of adult
patients. The device is intended to assist trained clinicians in workflow prioritization triage by
providing notification of suspected findings in head CT images.


                                   Page 1 of 4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid OH
510(k) Summary
Rapid OH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
suspected OH on a server or standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of
care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected OH
findings. Notifications include compressed preview images, that are meant for informational
purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter
the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of Rapid OH are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Contraindications/Limitations/Exclusions:
    •  Rapid OH is intended for use for adult patients.
   •  Input data image series containing excessive patient motion or metal implants may
       impact module analysis accuracy, robustness and quality.
   •   Ventriculoperitoneal shunts are contraindicated
Exclusions:
   •   Series with missing slices or improperly ordered slices
   •  data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 100kVp or > 140kVp.
   •  data not representing human head or head/neck anatomical regions

Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence:
Rapid OH is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The
Rapid OH module is a Non-Contrast Computed Tomography (NCCT) processing module
which operates within the integrated Rapid Platform to provide triage and notification
prioritization of suspected obstructive hydrocephalus (OH). The Rapid OH module is an
AI/ML module. The output of the module is a priority notification to clinicians indicating
the suspicion of OH based on positive findings. The Rapid OH module uses the basic
services supplied by the Rapid Platform including DICOM processing, job management,
imaging module execution and imaging output including the notification and compressed
image. The following table summarizes and compares data on the predicate device
(K232436) to the Rapid OH software device that is the subject of this Traditional 510(k)
submission.
  Parameter           Rapid SDH (K232436)             Rapid OH – Subject Device
                        Predicate Device
  Product Code      QAS                     QAS
  Regulation          21 CFR §892.2080                21 CFR §892.2080
  Intended Use/        Rapid SDH is a radiological         Rapid OH is a radiological computer
   Indications for       computer aided triage and            aided triage and notification software
  Use                   notification software indicated for     indicated for suspicion of Obstructive
                                                           Hydrocephalus (OH) in non-enhanced                      use in the triage and notification of
                                           CT head images of adult patients. The                      hemispheric SDH in non-enhanced
                                                               device is intended to assist trained                     head images. The device is intended
                                                                        clinicians in workflow prioritization                         to assist trained radiologists in

                                   Page 2 of 4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid OH
510(k) Summary
                    workflow triage by providing          triage by providing notification of
                         notification of suspected findings of  suspected findings in head CT
                      hemispheric Subdural Hemorrhage   images.
                  (SDH) in head CT images.                                                         Rapid OH uses an artificial
                                                                       intelligence algorithm to analyze                    Rapid SDH uses an artificial                                                          images and highlight cases with                         intelligence algorithm to analyze                                                                suspected OH on a server or                     images and highlight cases with                                                                standalone desktop application in                       suspected hemispheric SDH on a                                                                         parallel to the ongoing standard of                        server or standalone desktop                                                                  care image interpretation. The user is                        application in parallel to the                                                                 presented with notifications for cases                     ongoing standard of care image                                                              with suspected OH                          interpretation. The user is presented                                                                      findings. Notifications include                      with notifications for cases with                                                          compressed preview images, that are                       suspected hemispheric SDH                                                        meant for informational purposes only                         findings. Notifications include                                                         and not intended for diagnostic use                     compressed preview images, that                                                        beyond notification. The device does                        are meant for informational                                                                not alter the original medical image                      purposes only and not intended for                                                         and is not intended to be used as a                        diagnostic use beyond notification.                                                                   diagnostic device.                   The device does not alter the
                         original medical image and is not    The results of Rapid OH are intended
                       intended to be used as a diagnostic    to be used in conjunction with other
                        device.                                   patient information and based
                                                       on professional judgment, to assist
                   The results of Rapid SDH are        with triage/prioritization of medical
                       intended to be used in conjunction    images. Notified clinicians are
                      with other patient information and    responsible for viewing full images
                      based on professional judgment, to   per the standard of care.
                           assist with triage/prioritization of
                      medical images. Notified clinicians  Contraindications/Limitations/Excl
                        are responsible for viewing full      usions:
                     images per the standard of care.
                                                               •  Rapid OH is intended for use
                                                                              for adult patients.
                                                         •  Input data image series
                                                                  containing excessive patient
                                                           motion or metal implants
                                                may impact module analysis
                                                                  accuracy, robustness and
                                                                         quality.
                                                         •   Ventriculoperitoneal shunts
                                                                    are contraindicated
                                                          Exclusions:
                                                         •   Series with missing slices or
                                                               improperly ordered slices
                                                         •  data acquired at x-ray tube
                                                                  voltage < 100kVp or >
                                                        140kVp.

                                   Page 3 of 4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid OH
510(k) Summary
                                                         •  data not representing human
                                                           head or head/neck
                                                               anatomical regions
  Input Data           Non-Contrast CT images             Non-Contrast CT images
  Requirements
  DICOM Compliance  Yes                            Yes
  Anatomical Focus    Head                          Head
 SW              AI ML                        AI ML
  Removal of Cases    No                        No
  from worklist queue
  Outputs               Notifications, Reports, DICOM       Notifications, Reports, DICOM
                     Secondary Capture Series           Secondary Capture Series
   Notification/        PACS, Workstation, email, mobile  PACS, Workstation, email, mobile
   Prioritization

AI/ML Module Development:
Algorithm development was performed using 3340 cases from 74 sites, multiple
manufactures (Siemens, GE, Toshiba, Philips) and split demographic (M/F, Age)
characteristics which have disease variability to support generalization across hospital use
cases. The training data and validation data sets are independently managed per internal
data management procedures.
Clinical Characteristics:
The primary users of Rapid OH software are medical professionals who use analysis of
brain tissue and artifacts to assess patient conditions on presentation to the hospital for neuro
disease symptoms related to obstructive hydrocephalus. Rapid OH is used in workflow
prioritization, not to make primary diagnostic or treatment decisions. Rapid OH is for
analysis of adult patients.
Performance Standards:
Rapid OH has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   EN ISO 14971:2019 (R2021)   Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   IEC 62304:2006 (R2015)      Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
   IEC 62366:2015 (R2020)      Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20            Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)

Performance Data:
Rapid OH complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) -
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20; and was tested in accordance with the 820.20 Verification
and Validation requirements and successfully passed.
iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the Rapid OH device. Final device validation included standalone

                                   Page 4 of 4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid OH
510(k) Summary
performance validation. This performance validation testing demonstrated the Rapid OH device
provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically
relevant conditions associated with the intended use of the software. Software performance,
validation and verification testing demonstrated that the Rapid OH device met all design
requirements and specifications.
Standalone performance primary endpoint passed with sensitivity (Se) of 89.5% (95% CI:0.837-
0.935) and specificity (Sp) of 97.6% (95% CI:0.940-0.991); the secondary endpoint
demonstrated time to notification time of 30.3 seconds (range 10.5-55.5 seconds).
The performance validation was performed using 320 cases with diversity amongst
demographics (M: 45%, F: 54%); Sites (and manufacturers (GE, Philips, Siemens, Toshiba) and
confounders (ICH, Ischemic Stroke, Tumor, Cyst, Aqueductal stenosis, Mass effect, Brain
atrophy and Communicating hydrocephalus). Truthing was established using 2:3 experts.
Prescriptive Statement:

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.
Safety & Effectiveness:

Rapid OH has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements and the risk is managed through design meeting the requirements associated with
EN ISO 14971:2019 (risk management). Overall risk analysis and design implementation shows
the Rapid OH as safe and effective as the predicate.
Conclusion:
In conclusion, the Rapid OH software device is substantially equivalent in intended use,
technological characteristics, safety and performance characteristics to the legally marketed
predicate device, Rapid SDH Software (K232436).


                                   Page 5 of 4