September 25, 2025

Quantib BV
Nathan Hunt
Head of Quality, Regulatory, and Compliance
Westblaak 130
Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland 3012 KM
Netherlands

Re: K251527
    Trade/Device Name: Brain WMH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 19, 2025
    Received: August 19, 2025

Dear Nathan Hunt:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251527 - Nathan Hunt                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K251527 - Nathan Hunt                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak. Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251527

Device Name
Brain WMH


Indications for Use (Describe)
Intended Use
Brain WMH is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of WMH from T2w FLAIR
MR images. The output consists of segmentations, visualizations and volumetric measurements of WMH. It is intended to
provide the trained medical professional with complementary information for the evaluation and assessment of MR brain
images and to aid the trained medical professional in quantitative reporting.

Intended User Population
The intended users of Brain WMH are trained medical professionals.

Intended Patient Population
Brain WMH is intended for post-processing of brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data from patients 22 years of
age or older, without pathologies (e.g. tumor or stroke), and treatment induced features (e.g. from prior surgery or
radiation treatment), and without contrast enhancement.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251527


                                  510(k) Summary
                                 Quantib BV
                                   Brain WMH


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided, on this
date, September 10th, 2025:

1. 510(k) Submitter

Quantib BV
Westblaak 130
3012 KM Rotterdam
Tel: +31 10 841 1749

Contact Person:
B. Nathan Hunt
Head of Quality, Regulatory, and Compliance
Email: regulatory@deephealth.com

Date prepared:
September 10th, 2025


2. Device

Trade Name of Device:
Brain WMH
Common or Usual Name:
Medical Image Software
Classification Names:
Medical image management and processing system (892.2050)
Regulation Class: II
Product Code: QIH

3. Predicate Device

Trade Name of Device:
Quantib ND (K213737)
Common or Usual Name:
Medical Image Software
Classification Names:
Medical image management and processing system (892.2050)
Regulation Class: II
Product Code: LLZ

4. Device Description

Brain WMH is a software as a medical device (SaMD) that provides automatic quantification
of white matter hyperintensities (WMHs) based on magnetic resonance (MR) images to
assist trained medical professionals. The device takes fluid-attenuated inversion recovery
(FLAIR) MR images as input. Its output consists of a report in DICOM encapsulated pdf and
DICOM secondary capture format, and DICOM secondary captures of the segmentations as
color overlay on the input image.

5. Indications for Use

Brain WMH is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of
WMH from T2w FLAIR MR images. The output consists of segmentations, visualizations and
volumetric measurements of WMH. It is intended to provide the trained medical professional
with complementary information for the evaluation and assessment of MR brain images and
to aid the trained medical professional in quantitative reporting.

Intended User Population
The intended users of Brain WMH are trained medical professionals.

Intended Patient Population
Brain WMH is intended for post-processing of brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data
from patients 22 years of age or older, without pathologies (e.g. tumor or stroke), and
treatment induced features (e.g. from prior surgery or radiation treatment), and without
contrast enhancement.

6. Predicate Device Comparison

The subject device and the predicate device are both Class II medical devices regulated
under 21 CFR 892.2050. As main functionality, the devices provide segmentation and
quantification of WMHs and support longitudinal analysis. Furthermore, the devices have
similar indications for use, identical intended users, and target the same anatomical site.

There are minor technical differences between the subject device and the predicate device:

Brain WMH employs an updated artificial intelligence-based algorithm for WMH
segmentation, whereas the predicate device uses a different machine learning approach.
Both methodologies are functionally similar in purpose and provide segmentation
capabilities. Both devices undergo validation using comparable performance metrics and
evaluation processes.

Brain WMH requires only T2 FLAIR imaging as input, while the predicate device requires
both FLAIR and T1 scans. This streamlined input requirement enhances clinical workflow
efficiency by reducing imaging requirements while improving segmentation performance.

Brain WMH operates as a fully automatic system, whereas the predicate device includes
manual adjustment functionality. This fully automatic approach streamlines clinical workflow
while maintaining the same core WMH segmentation and quantification function. Both
devices are intended for use by trained medical professionals who review and interpret
results within established clinical workflows.

Brain WMH segments WMHs and labels them according to their anatomical location, while
the predicate performs segmentation of WMHs without anatomical location labeling.

Brain WMH provides specialized WMH segmentation and quantification, while the predicate
device offers both brain structure segmentation and WMH analysis. This focused approach
allows Brain WMH to deliver a specialized WMH assessment.

Despite these technical differences, both devices maintain equivalent core functionality for
WMH segmentation and volumetric quantification. The technical modifications represent
improvements in workflow efficiency and algorithmic approach rather than fundamental
changes in device purpose or safety profile. Both devices generate automatic segmentations
and volumetric data for clinical assessment by trained medical professionals, ensuring
equivalent clinical utility and safety within established medical workflows.

Clinical performance testing demonstrates that the subject device performs comparably to
the predicate device.

7. Performance Data

    7.1. Quality and safety
The design and development of Brain WMH followed the following FDA recognized standards
and guidance documents:

    •  ISO 14971:2019 – Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical
      Devices (#5-125)
    •  IEC 62304:2015 – Medical Device Software – Software Life Cycles Processes (#13-
       79)
    •  NEMA PS3 – Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (#12-
       300)
    •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Guidance for the Content of Premarket
      Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (May, 2005)
    •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Software as a Medical Devices (SaMD):
        Clinical Evaluation (December 2017)

Brain WMH is a software only device. Verification testing included software unit testing,
software integration testing, and system testing. Testing confirmed that the software, as
designed and implemented, satisfied the software requirements and has no unintentional
differences from the predicate device.

7.2. Training dataset
The WMH segmentation model was trained with 474 T2-weighted FLAIR scans collected
from different geographical areas, with the majority of the data acquired in the United States.
The data includes studies from 1.5 T and 3.0 T scanners from GE, Philips, and Siemens.

    7.3. Performance testing
Validation of the model and software was performed using standalone performance testing,
including a comparison of the subject device performance to the predicate device performance
on the same dataset. The test dataset included 110 studies from 90 patients with T2-weighted
FLAIR images acquired from multiple clinical sites, with the majority of data acquired at sites
in the United States. The dataset represents 1.5 T (32 studies) and 3.0 T (78 studies) scanners
from GE (60 studies), Philips (39 studies) and Siemens (11 studies), and various scan settings.
Scans were collected from ethnically diverse and representative male and female adult
patients with age ranging from 22 to 90 years. The clinical indication for imaging was either
multiple sclerosis or cognitive impairment. Scan-rescan reproducibility was conducted on a
separate test set of short-interval, same-subject scan pairs. To ensure independence of the
test data, the test sets were quarantined datasets not used to train or tune the model, only for
software validation following internal processing aligned with good machine learning practices.

The ground truth process included multiple experts. Three experts served as truthers and one
expert as an adjudicator.

Performance testing concluded that the subject device met the pre-specified performance
criteria. The standalone performance of Brain WMH segmentation, as measured by Dice
coefficient (0.58 ± 0.21) was higher than the standalone performance of the predicate device
and fell within the range of interobserver variability. Similarly, the anatomical location labeling
performance was also within the range of the interobserver performance. The longitudinal
validation demonstrated high accuracy in WMH labeling across scans acquired from the same
patient (97.1% correctly labelled). Additionally, scan-rescan reproducibility showed consistent
volumes between short-interval, same-subject study pairs.

8. Conclusion

The verification and validation testing conducted to support this submission confirms that the
subject device performs comparably to the predicate device. The minor differences between
the subject and predicate device do not alter the intended use of the device and do not affect
its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. Therefore, the information provided in this
submission demonstrates that Brain WMH is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.