September 23, 2025

iSchemaView, Inc.
Jim Rosa
Sr. Directory of Regulatory Affairs, Chief Regulatory and Compliance Officer
1120 Washington Ave.
Ste 200
Golden, CO 80401


Re: K251987
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid Aortic Measurements
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 27, 2025
    Received: August 28, 2025

Dear Jim Rosa:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions
of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products
may  instead  be  combination  products. The  510(k)  Premarket  Notification  Database  available  at
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm    identifies    combination    product
submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please
note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however,
that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251987 - Jim Rosa                                                                  Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change
to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has
made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and
regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements,
including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical
device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or
postmarketing  safety  reporting  (21 CFR  Part  4,  Subpart  B)  for  combination  products  (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A)
for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a)
and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification
Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please
see  the UDI  System  webpage  at  https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensiveregulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803),
please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-howreport-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical-

K251987 - Jim Rosa                                                                  Page  3


devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                     for

                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K251987              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).

 Rapid Aortic Measurements


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) is an image analysis and measurement device to evaluate aortic and iliac
 arteries in contrast enhanced and non-contrast CT imaging datasets acquired of the chest, abdomen, and/
 or pelvis. The module segments the aorta, iliacs, and major branching vessels and provides 2D and 3D
 visualizations of the segmented vessels.

 Outputs of the device include: Centerline measurements of the aorta and iliacs, Aortic Zone Measurements
 (Maximum Oblique Diameter), Fixed Measurements of the aorta and left and right iliacs, 3D Volume
 Renderings, Rotations, Curved Planar Reformations (CPRs) of the isolated left and right iliacs, aortic
 oblique Multiplanar Reconstructions (MPRs), and Longitudinal Tracking visualizations.

 Rapid Aortic Measurements  is an aid to physician decision making.  Its results are not intended to be used
 on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment.

 Rapid Aortic Measurements  is indicated for adults.

 Precautions/Exclusions:
 o Series containing excessive patient motion or metal implants may impact module output quality.
 o The AM module will not process series that meet the following module exclusion criteria:
   * Series acquired w/cone-beam CT scanners (c-arm CT)
   * Series that are non-axial or axial oblique greater than 5 degrees
   * Series containing improperly ordered or missing slices where the gap is larger than 3 times the median
 inter-slice distance (e.g., as a result of manual correction by an imaging technician)
   * Series with less than 3cm of target anatomical zones (e.g. aorta or right/left iliac artery)
   * NCCT, CECT, CTA, or CTPA datasets with:
     1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm
    2) Z FOV (cranio-caudal transverse anatomical coverage) < 144 mm.
    3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y resolution) < 0.3 mm or > 1.0 mm.
    4) inter-slice distance of < 0.3 mm or > 3 mm.
     5) slice thickness > 3 mm.
    6) data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 70kVp or > 150kVp, including single energy, dual energy, or
 virtual monochromatic datasets


  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  Z Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                      D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I
Rapid Aortic Measurements                                                                        Page 7 of 28

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Aortic Measurements              K251987
510(k) Summary
                                   510(k) Summary
                  iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid Aortic Measurements


This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid Aortic Measurements.
The content of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington Ave
                                      Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: +13037043374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:      September 17, 2025

Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:       Rapid Aortic Measurements
     Common Name:     Automated Radiological Image Processing
                            Software
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:     QIH
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050

        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:

Predicate Devices:
iSchemaView’s Rapid Aortic Measurements is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the
following legally marketed predicate device: Rapid Neuro3D (K243350).

Device Description:
Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) image processing
module and is part of the Rapid Platform.  It provides analysis of chest, abdomen, and pelvis
non-contrast CT (NCCT), contrast enhanced (CT, CTP (CT- Pulmonary Angiogram, and CTA
(CT-Angiography)) for the reconstructed 3D visualization and measurement of arteries from the
aortic root to the iliac arteries.

Rapid AM is integrated into the Rapid Platform which provides common functions and services
to support image processing modules such as DICOM filtering and job and interface


                                           Page 1 of 6

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Aortic Measurements
510(k) Summary
management along with external facing cyber security controls. The Integrated Module and
Platform can be installed on-premises within customer’s infrastructure behind their firewall or in
a hybrid on-premises/cloud configuration. The Rapid Platform accepts DICOM images and,
upon processing, returns the processed DICOM images to the source imaging modality or PACS.

Indications for Use:

Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) is an image analysis and measurement device to evaluate
aortic and iliac arteries in contrast enhanced and non-contrast CT imaging datasets acquired of
the chest, abdomen, and/or pelvis. The module segments the aorta, iliacs, and major branching
vessels and provides 2D and 3D visualizations of the segmented vessels.

Outputs of the device include: Centerline measurements of the aorta and iliacs, Aortic Zone
Measurements (Maximum Oblique Diameter), Fixed Measurements of the aorta and left and
right iliacs, 3D Volume Renderings, Rotations, Curved Planar Reformations (CPRs) of the
isolated left and right iliacs, aortic oblique Multiplanar Reconstructions (MPRs), and
Longitudinal Tracking visualizations.

Rapid Aortic Measurements is an aid to physician decision making. Its results are not intended to
be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment.

Rapid Aortic Measurements is indicated for adults.

Precautions/Exclusions:

o Series containing excessive patient motion or metal implants may impact module output
quality.
o The AM module will not process series that meet the following module exclusion criteria:
  • Series acquired w/cone-beam CT scanners (c-arm CT)
  • Series that are non-axial or axial oblique greater than 5 degrees
  • Series containing improperly ordered or missing slices where the gap is larger than 3 times
the median inter-slice distance (e.g., as a result of manual correction by an imaging technician)
  • Series with less than 3cm of target anatomical zones (e.g. aorta or right/left iliac artery)
  • NCCT, CECT, CTA, or CTPA datasets with:
   1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm
   2) Z FOV (cranio-caudal transverse anatomical coverage) < 144 mm.
   3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y resolution) < 0.3 mm or > 1.0 mm.
   4) inter-slice distance of < 0.3 mm or > 3 mm.
   5) slice thickness > 3 mm.
   6) data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 70kVp or > 150kVp, including single energy, dual
energy, or virtual monochromatic datasets


                                           Page 2 of 6

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Aortic Measurements
510(k) Summary
Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:
Rapid Aortic Measurements’ predicate device is Rapid Neuro3D (Lumina3D) (K243350), under
regulation 21 CFR §892.2050. Both are SaMD and share the same intended use as Automated
Radiological Image Processing Software utilized when reviewing neurological images. Rapid
Aortic Measurements is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Rapid Neuro3D
(Lumina3D) device and contains analogous 3D segmentation and 2D/3D vessel visualization
outputs (including VRs and CPRs), which have been validated via segmentation quality and
accuracy. Measurement accuracy has been validated and compares to the reference device, Rapid
RV/LV (K223396).

Rapid Aortic Measurements has the same intended use and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate. Rapid Aortic Measurements raises no
new issues of safety or effectiveness when compared with Rapid Neuro3D (Lumina3D).
Verification and validation testing confirms the software reliably processes and supports analysis
of CECT, CTA, CTPA, and NCCT medical images for 3D and 2D visualization and
measurement of the segmented aorta, iliac arteries, and major branching vessels. Thus, Rapid
Aortic Measurements software is substantially equivalent.


               Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) (subject  Rapid Neuro3D (Marketed  as Lumina3D)
 Product Name
                   device)                                   (K243350)

                21 CFR 892.2050; Medical image management  21 CFR 892.2050; Medical image management
 Regulation
                 and processing system                        and processing system

 Product Code   QIH                                QIH

                 Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) is an image                                                           Rapid Neuro3D (RN3D) is an image analysis
                    analysis and measurement device to evaluate                                                                  software  for imaging  datasets  acquired  with
                     aortic and iliac arteries in contrast enhanced and                                                                  conventional CT Angiography (CTA) from the
                   non-contrast CT imaging datasets acquired of                                                                           aortic arch to the vertex of the head). The module
                   the chest, abdomen, and/or pelvis. The module                                                           removes  bone,  tissue,  and  venous  vessels,
                 segments the aorta, iliacs, and major branching                                                                  providing a 3D and 2D  visualization of the
                    vessels and provides 2D and 3D visualizations                                                                   neurovasculature supplying arterial blood to the
                   of the segmented vessels.                                                                          brain.
                  Outputs of the device include: Centerline                                                               Outputs of  the device include 3D  rotational
                 measurements of the aorta and iliacs, Aortic Intended                                          maximum intensity projections (MIPS), volume
               Zone Measurements (Maximum Oblique                                                                    renders (VR), along with  the curved  planar
 Use/             Diameter), Fixed Measurements of the aorta                                                                  reformation (CPR) of the isolated left and right
                 and left and right iliacs, 3D Volume
 Indications  for                                                        internal carotid and vertebral arteries.                  Renderings, Rotations, Curved Planar
 Use                  Reformations (CPRs) of the isolated left and      Rapid Neuro3D  is  designed  to  support  the
 Statement         right iliacs, aortic oblique Multiplanar            physician in confirming the presence or absence
                   Reconstructions (MPRs), and Longitudinal        of physician-identified lesions and evaluation,
                  Tracking visualizations.                         documentation, and follow-up of any such lesion
                                                           and treatment planning.
                 Rapid Aortic Measurements is an aid to
                   physician decision making. Its results are not       Its results are not intended to be used on a standintended to be used on a stand-alone basis for     alone  basis  for  clinical  decision-making  or
                      clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude    otherwise preclude clinical assessment.
                      clinical assessment.
                                           RN3D is indicated for adults.
                 Rapid Aortic Measurements is indicated for
                                                                    Precautions/Exclusions:                     adults.


                                           Page 3 of 6

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Aortic Measurements
510(k) Summary

               Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) (subject  Rapid Neuro3D (Marketed  as Lumina3D)
 Product Name
                   device)                                   (K243350)
                                               o   Series containing excessive patient motion
                   Precautions/Exclusions:                                                                        or metal implants may impact module output
                o Series containing excessive patient motion or                                                                                quality.
                  metal  implants may  impact module  output                                               o  The RN3D module will not process series
                     quality.                                                                                that meet the following module exclusion
                o The AM module will not process series that                                                                                       criteria:
                meet the following module exclusion criteria:
                                                                      •   Series    containing    inadequate                         • Series acquired w/cone-beam CT scanners (ccontrast agent (<0.3 mL of right-               arm CT)
                                                                         hemisphere   intracranial   arterial                         • Series that are non-axial or axial oblique
                                                                                     contrast media or <0.3 mL of left-                    greater than 5 degrees
                                                                         hemisphere   intracranial   arterial                         •  Series  containing  improperly  ordered  or
                                                                                     contrast media, above 120 HU)                  missing slices where the gap is larger than 3
                                                                      •   Series acquired w/cone-beam CT                  times the median inter-slice distance (e.g., as a
                                                                               scanners (c-arm CT)                     result  of manual  correction by an imaging
                                                                      •   Series that are non-axial                    technician)
                                                                      •   Series with a non-supine  patient                         • Series with less than 3cm of target anatomical
                                                                                    position                 zones (e.g. aorta or right/left iliac artery)
                         • NCCT, CECT, CTA, or CTPA datasets with:          •   Series   containing   missing   or
                      1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm                       improperly ordered slices (e.g., as a
                      2)  Z  FOV   (cranio-caudal   transverse                 result of manual correction by an
                  anatomical coverage) < 144 mm.                           imaging technician)
                      3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y resolution)          •  CTA datasets with:
              < 0.3 mm or > 1.0 mm.                           1) in-plane X and Y FOV < 160mm or > 400mm.
                      4) inter-slice distance of < 0.3 mm or > 3 mm.   2) Z FOV (cranio-caudal transverse anatomical
                      5) slice thickness > 3 mm.                    coverage) < 90 mm.
                      6) data acquired  at x-ray tube voltage <   3) in-plane pixel spacing (X & Y resolution) < 0.2
               70kVp or > 150kVp, including single energy, mm or > 1.0 mm.
                  dual energy, or virtual monochromatic datasets    4) Z slice spacing of < 0.2 mm or > 1.25 mm.
                                                                    5) slice thickness > 1.5mm.
                                                                    6) data acquired at x-ray tube voltage < 70 kVp
                                                                    or >150 kVp.

                    Radiologists, cardiothoracic surgeons, vascular    Radiologists, neurovascular and neurosurgical
                   surgeons, endovascular specialists, ED              specialists, such as vascular neurosurgeons,
 Intended Users
                    physicians, or users with similar training.          neuro-interventional specialists, ED physicians,
                                                                    or users with similar training.
                  Software package (SaMD) which interfaces to a   Software package (SaMD) which interfaces to a
 Functionality    PACS/Viewer or allows viewing within the      PACS/Viewer or allows viewing within the
                    application.                                        application.

 Computer                                                      Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-Premises
                  Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: Cloud Hybrid
 Platform                                                          or Cloud Hybrid
 Technical
               AI/ML; traditional                       AI/ML
 Implementation
 Input DICOM
 Imaging       CECT, CTA, CTPA, NCCT              CTA
 Modality

                                                                 Neurological (aortic arch to the vertex of the
 Imaging Type    Chest, Abdomen, and/or Pelvis (aorta and iliacs)
                                                                head)


                                           Page 4 of 6

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Aortic Measurements
510(k) Summary

               Rapid Aortic Measurements (AM) (subject  Rapid Neuro3D (Marketed  as Lumina3D)
 Product Name
                   device)                                   (K243350)
                       • 2D/3D vessel visualization (VRs, CPRs,           • 2D/3D vessel visualization (Thins, MIPS, VR,
              MPRs)                                CPR)
                       • Automated segmentation and removal of          • Automated segmentation and removal of
 Software
                    obstructive bones and/or vessels                   obstructive bones and/or vessels
 Outputs
                       • Automated vessel centerlines and
                 measurements
                       • Comparison/longitudinal tracking

Performance Standards:
Rapid Aortic Measurements has been developed in conformance with the following
standards, as applicable:
   ISO 14971:2019        Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   IEC 62304:2015       Medical Device software – Software lifecycle processes
   IEC 62366-1:2015      Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
    +A1:2020

   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
   ISO 15223-1:2021     Symbols to be Used with Information to be Supplied by the Manufacturer

Rapid Aortic Measurements has been designed to meet the cybersecurity requirements using
design Vulnerability Assessments, SBOM’s, and PEN Testing.

Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.

iSchemaView conducted performance validation testing and software verification and validation
testing of the Rapid Aortic Measurements device. Software performance testing demonstrated
that the device met all design requirements and specifications. Final device validation included
segmentation quality and segmentation accuracy.

All major CT scanner manufacturers (incl. Siemens, GE, Toshiba/Canon, and Philips) were
represented in the data. Patient demographics included representative age/gender distribution and
incorporated data to assess the influence of potential confounders (abnormalities/anomalies/
anatomical variants) on performance. The test dataset was independent from the data used during
model training per internal data quality control processes.

The segmentation quality study design used 108 NCCT, CTA, or CECT/CTPA cases (54 US, 24
OUS; 30 unknown) from 115 patients (70 male; 38 female; aged from 22 to 90+) to compare the
Rapid AM segmentation outputs against source DICOM images. All three technologically
unique output types [3D volume rendering images (VR), 2D curved/multiplanar reformation
images (CPR and MPR) and measurement reports] were assessed. VR, Stretched and


                                           Page 5 of 6

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid Aortic Measurements
510(k) Summary
Straightened CPRs, Oblique MPRs, and Measurement outputs were assessed for a total of 2,268;
756 (each); 324; and 666 vessel segments, respectively.

For assessment of VR outputs, the primary endpoint, segmentation quality/clinical accuracy, as
determined by the consensus of up to three clinical experts against the source DICOM images,
passed with 100% agreement. For assessment of CPR/MPR outputs, the primary endpoint,
CPR/MPR quality, passed with 100% agreement. The secondary endpoint, anatomical labeling,
passed with 100% agreement between readers for all labels reviewed across imaging types.

For assessment of zone measurement outputs, the primary endpoint, maximum oblique diameter
location accuracy, passed with 100% agreement between readers for all segments reviewed
across imaging types. All longitudinal results were deemed to have clinically accurate
measurements placed within their respective zones for physician comparison.
The segmentation accuracy study used the previously detailed 108 cases to quantitatively assess
Rapid AM segmentation and measurement outputs against ground truth.
For VR outputs, the primary endpoint passed with an average Dice coefficient of 0.93 and
average Hausdorff distance of 0.54 mm. For CPR and MPR visualizations, the primary endpoint
(centerline accuracy) passed with an average Hausdorff distance of 0.59mm. The secondary
endpoint, reproducibility of generating ground truths, showed an average Dice coefficient of
0.95, demonstrating strong reproducibility of ground truth segmentations.
For Measurement reports, AM measurements were compared to measurements taken
from approved ground truth segmentations using a validated technique and the mean
absolute error (MAE) was found to be 0.22 cm, which compares favorably with the
reference device.

Prescriptive Statement:

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:

Rapid Aortic Measurements has been designed, verified, and validated in compliance with 21
CFR, Part 820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements
associated with EN ISO 14971:2019 (risk management) and the software development process
conforms to IEC 62304:2015. Software performance, validation and verification testing
demonstrated that the Rapid Aortic Measurements system met all design requirements.

Conclusion:

Based on the shared technological characteristics and intended use, iSchemaView’s Rapid Aortic
Measurements is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, Rapid
Neuro3D (K243350). The results of performance validation and software verification/validation
testing support the safety and performance of Rapid Aortic Measurements.


                                           Page 6 of 6