December 3, 2025

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
℅ Hyeyi Park
Director
12, Donggyo-ro 19-gil, Mapo-gu
SEOUL, 04001
SOUTH KOREA


Re: K251203
    Trade/Device Name: AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OEB, LLZ
    Dated: October 31, 2025
    Received: October 31, 2025


Dear Hyeyi Park:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251203 - Hyeyi Park                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251203 - Hyeyi Park                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251203

Device Name
AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD


Indications for Use (Describe)
AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist radiologists in the
detection of pulmonary nodules (with diameter 3-20 mm) during the review of CT examinations of the chest for
asymptomatic populations. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD provides adjunctive information to alert the radiologists to regions
of interest with suspected lung nodules that may otherwise be overlooked. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD may be used as a
second reader after the radiologist has completed their initial read. The algorithm has been validated using non-contrast
CT images, the majority of which were acquired on Siemens SOMATOM CT series scanners; therefore, limiting device
use to use with Siemens SOMATOM CT series is recommended.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

| Contact Details 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
Applicant Name Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
, 12, Donggyo-ro 19-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 04001, Republic of Korea Seoul

Applicant Address i , , t ;

PP 04001 Korea, South

Applicant Contact Telephone | +82-2-571-7321

Applicant Contact Ms. Hyeyi Park

Applicant Contact Email rat@corelinesoft.com
| Device Name
Device Trade Name AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD

Common Name Lung computed tomography system, computer-aided detection
Classification Name Medical image management and processing system

Regulation Number 892.2050

Product Code(s) OEB, LLZ
| Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CER 807.92(a)(3)

Predicate # Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first) Product Code

K221592 AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD

Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
The AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a software product that detects nodules in the lung. The lung nodule detection model was trained by
Deep Convolution Neural Network (CNN) based algorithm from the chest CT image. Automatic detection of lung nodules of 3 to 20mm
in chest CT images. By complying with DICOM standards, this product can be linked with the Picture Archiving and Communication
System (PACS) and provides a separate user interface to provide functions such as analyzing, identifying, storing, and transmitting
quantified values related to lung nodules. The CAD’s results could be displayed after the user's first read, and the user could select or deselect the mark provided by the CAD. The device’s performance was validated with SIEMENS’ SOMATOM series manufacturing. The
device is intended to be used with a cleared AVIEW platform.

Intended Use/Indications for Use 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist radiologists in the detection of pulmonary
nodules (with diameter 3-20 mm) during the review of CT examinations of the chest for asymptomatic populations. AVIEW Lung Nodule
CAD provides adjunctive information to alert the radiologists to regions of interest with suspected lung nodules that may otherwise be
overlooked. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD may be used as a second reader after the radiologist has completed their initial read. The
algorithm has been validated using non-contrast CT images, the majority of which were acquired on Siemens SOMATOM CT series
scanners; therefore, limiting device use to use with Siemens SOMATOM CT series is recommended.

Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD has the same purpose and operating principle and has same functions to the predicates device. Although
there may be some differences in menus and UI these differences between the prior device and the proposed device are not significant
because they do not cause new or potential safety risks to users or patients and do not raise questions about safety or effectiveness. The

resu1rs or me SOilware vermcauon ana va11aauon tests conc1uaea mat me proposea aev1ce 1s suostant1a11y equ1va1ent to me prea1cates
device.
Technological Comparison                                      21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD with software version 2.0 provides the same technological characteristics in terms of materials, energy source,
and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate device.

The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced device functionality.

The intended use, indications for use, and algorithms for the subject device remains unchanged from the predicate device. No main
functions present from the predicate device have been de-scoped.

The following differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.
• Change the installation, execution files icon
• Change the software UI (Stylistic changes only)
• Change the Software Operation Environment
Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)


This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release. Additionally, there was no
clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is equivalent to the predicate device. The substantial
equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical testing.

The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general functions, application,
and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate
that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it is our opinion that the AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD described in this submission is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

In accordance with the guidance of 'Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Pre-marketing Submissions',
we conducted the following tests to comply with cybersecurity requirements.
- Penetration Test

In accordance with the guidance of 'Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices', we conducted the following tests to comply with off
the shelf software requirements.
- OTS(Off-The-Shelf) Test Report

Following the guidance of 'Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions', the following tests were conducted to
ensure compliance with software verification and validation requirements.
- Unit Test
- System Test
- Regression Test