December 16, 2025


Intuitive Surgical Inc.
℅ Jyh-Shyan Lin
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
1266 Kifer Road
SUNNYVALE, CA 94086


Re: K251763
    Trade/Device Name: IRISeg
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: November 12, 2025
    Received: November 13, 2025


Dear Jyh-Shyan Lin:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K251763 - Jyh-Shyan Lin                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251763 - Jyh-Shyan Lin                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251763

Device Name
IRISeg


Indications for Use (Describe)
IRISeg is intended for use as a software application that receives DICOM compliant MR or contrast-enhanced CT images,
provides manual and machine learning-enabled tools for image analysis and segmentation, and creates an output file that
can be used to render a 3D model for preoperative surgical planning and intraoperative display. The use of IRISeg may
include the generation of preliminary segmentations using machine learning algorithms. IRISeg is intended for use by
qualified professionals. The output file is meant for visual, non-diagnostic use and shall be reviewed by clinicians who are
responsible for all final patient management decisions.
The machine learning enabled kidney CT auto-segmentation tool is intended for use for adult patients with contrastenhanced, axial kidney CT images with slice thickness 3mm or less.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

IRISeg                                                                  510(k) K251763 Summary

                                K251763: 510(k) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) substantial equivalence information  is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of Safe Medical Device Act (SMDA) 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.
1.  SUBMITTER
    510(k) Owner:                 Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
                           1266 Kifer Road
                                Sunnyvale, CA 94086
    Contact:                    Jyh-Shyan (Jesse) Lin
                                Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                           Phone Number: 408-523-4952
                                 Email: jesse.lin@intusurg.com
   Date Prepared:           November 12, 2025
2.  SUBJECT DEVICE INFORMATION
   Manufacturer Name:         Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
    510(k) Number:           K251763
   Trade Name:                 IRISeg
   Common Name:           Automated radiological image processing software
                              Medical image processing software
    Classification:                Class II
                           21 CFR 892.2050
                              Medical image management and processing system
    Primary Product Codes:    QIH
    Associate Product Code:     LLZ
   Review Panel:              Radiology

3.  PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION
   Manufacturer Name:         Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
    510(k) Number:            K242461, last cleared on December 10, 2024
   Trade Name:                 IRISeg
   Common Name:           Automated radiological image processing software
                              Medical image processing software
    Classification:                Class II
                           21 CFR 892.2050
                              Medical image management and processing system
   Primary Product Codes:     QIH
    Associate Product Code:     LLZ
   Review Panel:              Radiology
No reference devices were used in this submission.

                                                                                 Page 1

IRISeg                                                                  510(k) K251763 Summary

4.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
IRISeg is a standalone software application created by Intuitive Surgical for segmentation of CT and MR
images and generation of output files that can be rendered as virtual 3D models of anatomical structures.
IRISeg is designed to provide qualified professionals (“users”) with a machine learning (ML)-based tool for
auto-segmentation of kidney anatomy based on CT scans and non-ML manual tools for segmentation
based on CT and MR scans.
Note that there have been no changes to existing tools or introductions of new tools between the
predicate and subject devices.
Input File
IRISeg can open and load CT or MR imaging  files in DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in
Medicine) format, and segmentation label files in NIfTI (Neuroimaging Informatics Technology Initiative)
format from an accessible storage location.
Output File
Following the use of IRISeg to segment CT or MR imaging files, the software can be used to generate an output
file that can be used to render virtual segmented 3D models.

IRISeg Manual Tools
IRISeg includes a variety of tools for users to manually edit segmentation labels, such as Paintbrush tools,
Eraser  tools, Connected Component  Selection, Free Curve  Selection, Morphological  operations,
Mathematical Operations.
Manual tools alone can be used to manually segment (annotate) CT and MR scans.
Manual tools can also be used to modify the output of the ML-based auto-segmentation algorithm. The
ML-based auto-segmentation does not generate mass labels. Users must segment and label renal masses
using manual tools.
IRISeg ML-Based Auto-Segmentation Tool
IRISeg includes an ML-based auto-segmentation algorithm (cleared under K242461 and unchanged in the
subject device) for automatic segmentation of four kidney structures from CT imaging. The autosegmentation algorithm is a neural network based ML algorithm. It is trained on segmented kidney CT
models that were sourced from clinical data processed during commercial operation of the cleared IRIS
1.0 system (K182643). Each 3D model was reviewed by one U.S board certified radiologist. The input is a
CT image (series of 2D slices). The output of the model is four probability maps for kidney parenchyma,
kidney artery, kidney vein, and collecting system. The probability maps are thresholded to generate binary
masks for kidney parenchyma, kidney artery, kidney vein and collecting system. The ML-based autosegmentation does not generate binary masks for kidney masses.
The algorithm output is intended as an initial estimate of the segmentation. The user must use the manual
tools to update the initial algorithm output to generate the kidney CT 3D model.
The development of the IRISeg kidney CT ML-based auto-segmentation algorithm followed FDA’s Good
Machine Learning Practices for Medical Device Development: Guiding Principles, October 2021.

                                                                                 Page 2

IRISeg                                                                  510(k) K251763 Summary

5.  INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
IRISeg  is intended  for use  as a software  application  that  receives DICOM compliant MR  or
contrast-enhanced CT images,  provides manual and machine  learning-enabled  tools  for image
analysis and segmentation, and creates an output file that can be used to render a 3D model for
preoperative surgical planning and  intraoperative  display. The  use  of  IRISeg may  include  the
generation of preliminary segmentations using machine learning algorithms. IRISeg is intended for
use by qualified professionals. The output file  is meant for visual, non-diagnostic use and shall be
reviewed by clinicians who are responsible for all final patient management decisions.
The machine learning enabled kidney CT auto-segmentation tool is intended for use for adult patients
with contrast-enhanced, axial kidney CT images with slice thickness 3mm or less.

6. SUMMARY OF SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
The subject device has been developed as a standalone software application by modifying the predicate
device (K242461). The comparison with the predicate device is based on the intended use, indications for
use, general design, technological characteristics and operational principle/workflow. A summary of the
subject device compared to the predicate device is provided below.
Comparison of Indications for Use and intended Use

               Predicate Device (K242461)                     Subject Device (K251763)

   Intended to receive DICOM compliant contrast-     SAME intended use.
   enhanced CT images, provide manual and machine
    learning-enabled tools for image analysis and       SIMILAR Indications for use:
   segmentation, and creates an output file that can    Added MR indication for image analysis
   be used to render a 3D model for preoperative      and non-ML manual segmentation of
    surgical planning and intraoperative display.       DICOM compliant MR images.

Comparison of Device Characteristics

           Description           Predicate Device (K242461)        Subject Device (K251763)

    Regulation Number       21 CFR §892.2050              21 CFR §892.2050
     Classification               Class II                            Class II
    Product Code              Primary: QIH; Associate: LLZ       Primary: QIH; Associate: LLZ
    Prescription use          Rx only                       Rx only
    Host Hardware           General-purpose computer      Same
    Compatibility            hardware
    Intended population       Adult patients (ML algorithm)    Same
    Intended Users             Qualified Professionals         Same


                                                                                 Page 3

IRISeg                                                                  510(k) K251763 Summary


           Description           Predicate Device (K242461)        Subject Device (K251763)

    Intended Clinical         The output file can be used to    Same
    Decision Support          render a 3D model for
                              preoperative surgical planning
                          and intraoperative display.
                          The output file is meant for
                                    visual, non-diagnostic use and
                                    shall be reviewed by clinicians
                      who are responsible for all final
                                patient management decisions.
    Configuration             Label names, label color          Equivalent to the predicate
                            parameters and label name       device
                                 translation for kidney CT scans    DIFFERENCE: Updated label
                                                        names, label color parameters
                                                      and label name translation for
                                      MR scans
    Principles of Operations   Manual segmentation alone       Equivalent to the predicate
    / Workflow              Auto-segmentation followed by   device
                          manual segmentation.           DIFFERENCES: Manual
                                                          segmentation only for MR scans
    User interface /           Graphical user interface design.   Same
    Environment               Office setting (Segmentation
                             Software Application running on
                           a general-purpose computer)
    Supported Input         DICOM-Compliant CT scans       Equivalent to the predicate
                                   (Axial views, contrast enhanced)   device
                                                          DIFFERENCES: addition of
                                               DICOM compliant MR scans
    Supported Output        Segmentation files that can be   Same
                           used to render a 3D model for
                              preoperative surgical planning
                          and intraoperative display
    Supported Segmentation  Kidney CT structures:           Same: Kidney CT structures
    Structures                • ML auto-segmentation -       (Manual and ML autoParenchyma, Artery, Vein and  segmentation)
                                    Collecting System
                             • Manual segmentation -        DIFFERENCES (MR structures
                              Parenchyma, Artery, Vein,       for manual segmentation):
                                    Collecting System and Mass    -Kidney MR structures
                                                                  -Prostate MR structures
                                                                    -Rectal MR structures

                                                                                 Page 4

IRISeg                                                                  510(k) K251763 Summary


           Description           Predicate Device (K242461)        Subject Device (K251763)

   ML Auto-Segmentation   4 kidney CT structures:         Same
    Structures and           Parenchyma, Artery, Vein and
                                 Collecting System    performance
                             Performance: Machine Learning  Same
                            Auto-Segmentation Testing of
                             kidney CT scans.
   Manual Tools and         Various segmentation and      Same
   manual segmentation      selection tools for manual
                             segmentation.    performance
                             Performance: Manual          Same (kidney CT scans)
                            segmentation testing of kidney
                          CT scans                         Equivalent manual
                                                           segmentation performance
                                                                      for MR scans
   2D and 3D Visualization   Volume rendering, 3D model     Same
    Features                     visualization, 2D slice
                                   visualization.
    Segmentation Support    Metadata viewing            Same
    Features

7.  RISK MANAGEMENT (SAFETY)
Risk is managed in compliance with ISO 14971, to identify and provide mitigation of potential hazards
throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC). Risks related to IRISeg ML-based auto-segmentation
algorithm is managed by following the AAMI CR34971 Guidance on the Application of ISO 14971 to Artificial
Intelligence and Machine Learning. Clinical risk analysis, usability risk analysis, comparative task analysis,
use-related risk analysis, Cybersecurity Risk Analysis, and Risk Assessment of off-The-Shelf Software are
conducted, and the risks are mitigated throughout the SDLC.

8. PERFORMANCE DATA (EFFECTIVENESS)
Performance testing of the kidney ML auto-segmentation algorithm was conducted on the predicate
device (cleared under K242461). The algorithm was not modified in the subject device, and therefore the
performance of the ML algorithm is as effective as in the predicate device.

Final product testing have been performed in accordance with IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Consolidated
Version. Software documentation has been provided according to FDA’s Guidance, Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions” (June 14, 2023). IRISeg underwent final product testing. The
software testing of the subject device included functional testing, usability testing, and cybersecurity
testing. Acceptance criteria were based on the requirements and intended use of IRISeg. Test results
showed that all tests met the acceptance criteria. The testing results demonstrate that IRISeg meets
design specifications and user needs.

                                                                                 Page 5

IRISeg                                                                  510(k) K251763 Summary


Cybersecurity Testing
The cybersecurity verification and validation testing were conducted, and cybersecurity was evaluated
per FDA’s Guidance “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of
Premarket Submissions” (June 27, 2025). Specifically, addressing the following cybersecurity testing areas:
security requirement testing, threat mitigation testing, vulnerability testing, and penetration testing. The
cybersecurity verification and validation test results demonstrate the adequacy of the implemented
cybersecurity controls.
Labeling
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions to ensure that the labeling
differences, as compared to the predicate device, do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the subject
device when used as labeled.
Labeling information including the prescription use (“Rx only”), the name and place of business of the
manufacturer, device description, indications for use, directions for use, cybersecurity labeling and
transparency labeling (per Transparency for Machine Learning-Enabled Medical Devices: Guiding Principles,
June 2024)  is provided in the subject device’s user manual. The UDI (per 21 CFR 801.50 Labeling
requirements for standalone software) is provided on the software About screen.

9.  CONCLUSION
The subject device and the predicate device are deemed to be substantially equivalent based on
indications for use, general design, technological characteristics, operational principle/workflow and
performance testing. The subject device raises no new questions related to safety or effectiveness, as
compared to the predicate device.


                                                                                 Page 6