September 17, 2025

Abbott
Wing Yan (Winnie) Yik
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs
15900 Valley View Ct
Sylmar, California 91342


Re: K251221
    Trade/Device Name: Assert-IQ (DM5000); Assert-IQ (DM5300); Assert-IQ (DM5500); Merlin.net
                    (MN7000)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2800
    Regulation Name: Medical Magnetic Tape Recorder
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MXD
    Dated: August 18, 2025
    Received: August 19, 2025

Dear Wing Yan (Winnie) Yik:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K251221 - Wing Yan (Winnie) Yik                                                      Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251221 - Wing Yan (Winnie) Yik                                                      Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                  ALEXANDRA K.
                 MANARAS -S
                                          For Jessica Batista Bertolini
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT2A: Division of Cardiac
                                                 Electrophysiology, Diagnostics, and
                                             Monitoring Devices
                                  OHT2: Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K251221              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
 Assert-lQ (DM5000);
 Assert-lQ (DM5300);
 Assert-lQ (DM5500);
 Merlin.net (MN7000)
         provide your Indications for Use below. IPlease
 The Assert-lQ TM ICM is indicated for the monitoring and diagnostic evaluation of patients who experience
 unexplained symptoms that may be cardiac-related such as: dizziness, palpitations, chest pain, syncope,
 and shortness of breath, as well as patients who are at risk for cardiac arrhythmias such as bradycardia,
 tachycardia, and sinus pauses. The Assert-IQ ICM is also indicated for patients who have been previously
 diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AF) or who are susceptible to developing AF. The Assert-IQ ICM  is
 intended to be inserted subcutaneously in the left pectoral region, also described as the  left anterior chest
 wall. The Assert-lQ ICM has not been specifically tested for pediatric use.


  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as   Z  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I


Assert-IQ                                                                                       Page 8 of 38

ABBOTT                                                                     TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                                           ASSERT-IQ™ ICM SYSTEM WITH AI

                                   510(k) Summary
Date Prepared:              April 18, 2025
Submitter:                 Abbott Medical
Address:                 15900 Valley View Ct.
                           Sylmar, CA 91342
                  USA
Phone:                     (818) 362-6822

Contact Person:           Winnie Yik                        Laurel Jackson
                           Assoc. Director, Regulatory        Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                            (818) 322-6976                    (818) 509-4236
                         wingyan.yik@abbott.com           laurel.jackson1@abbott.com

Trade Name/Proprietary     Assert-IQ™ powered by AI system

Common Name:            Assert-IQ remote care system

Classification Name:       21 CFR 870.1025, Arrhythmia Detector and Alarm

Product Code:        MXD

Classification:              Class II
Classification Panel:         Cardiovascular

Predicate Device:          Assert-IQ™ ICM system (K230286)

Device Description
The Assert-IQ™ ICM is designed to help physicians and clinicians monitor, diagnose and
document the heart rhythm in patients who are susceptible to cardiac arrhythmias and unexplained
symptoms by detecting arrhythmias and transmitting data for review. The Assert-IQ ICM system,
cleared under K230286 on May 17, 2023, includes implantable and remote care components. The
implantable components include the Assert-IQ™ ICM device models DM5000, DM5300, or
DM5500. The remote care portion consists of the Merlin.net™ Software model MN7000 and
myMerlin™ mobile apps (Android (APP1000) and iOS (APP1001)).
The subject of this premarket notification is the integration of two new artificial intelligence (AI)
algorithms utilizing machine learning (ML) techniques for the evaluation of atrial fibrillation (AF)
and Pause episodes within the Assert-IQ™ ICM remote care component, Merlin.net MN7000. The
goal of the AI -enabled function in Merlin.net is to reduce non-actionable clinical review burden
due to false Pause and false AF episodes presented for clinician review. Specifically, this
premarket submission pertains to the addition of the proposed deep neural network AI models as
integrated sub-components of the Merlin.net software, MN7000, resulting in MN7000 version
v2.0. There are no other proposed changes to the Assert-IQ device hardware, device firmware,
device detection algorithms or other components of the system cleared in K230286.

                                                                             1

ABBOTT                                                                     TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                                           ASSERT-IQ™ ICM SYSTEM WITH AI

The two new AI algorithms (CARE: Classification using AI for Rhythm Evaluation) classify AF
and pause EGM episodes detected by Assert-IQ ICM devices as either true or false detection.
Episodes classified as “true” will be retained in the transmission data and displayed to clinicians
for review in Merlin.net web application, whereas episodes classified as “false” will be removed
and not displayed to the user. These two AI algorithms, CARE-AF and CARE-Pause, are designed
to significantly reduce false episodes, while maintaining true arrhythmic episodes detected by the
Assert-IQ devices.
Indications for Use
There are no changes to the Indications for Use for the Assert-IQ ICM system as a result of this
submission. The subject device Assert-IQ ICM system when used with the AI EGM classification
system has the same indications for use as the predicate device (K230286). The Indications for
Use are provided below:
The Assert-IQ™ ICM is indicated for the monitoring and diagnostic evaluation of patients who
experience unexplained symptoms that may be cardiac-related such as: dizziness, palpitations,
chest pain, syncope, and shortness of breath, as well as patients who are at risk for cardiac
arrhythmias such as bradycardia, tachycardia, and sinus pauses. The Assert-IQ ICM is also
indicated for patients who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AF) or who are
susceptible to developing AF. The Assert-IQ ICM is intended to be inserted subcutaneously in the
left pectoral region, also described as the left anterior chest wall. The Assert-IQ ICM has not been
specifically tested for pediatric use.


Technological Characteristics
The fundamental technology of the subject Assert-IQ™ ICM with AI algorithms (CARE-AF and
CARE-Pause), relative to the predicate Assert-IQ™ ICM (K230286), is the same, as there is no
change in the design, operating principle, device technology and functionality other than the
addition of the AI EGM classification to the Assert-IQ remote care ecosystem.
An overview of key design/technological characteristics of the predicate Assert-IQ ICM system
(K230286) and the subject Assert-IQ ICM with AI algorithms follows.
•   Identical device hardware, firmware or device detection algorithms
•   Identical device longevity — Assert-IQ ICM model DM5500 has a 6-year longevity, and
   models DM5000 and DM5300 have a 3-year longevity
•   Identical remote programming capability
•   Identical remote monitoring capability
•   Identical 1.5T and 3T MR Conditional labeling
•   Identical device telemetry via Bluetooth® Low Energy
•  Addition of AI algorithms to classify AF and pause EGM episodes in the subject Assert-IQ
   remote care system, Merlin.net software MN7000


                                                                             2

ABBOTT                                                                     TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                                           ASSERT-IQ™ ICM SYSTEM WITH AI

Substantial Equivalence
The subject Assert-IQ™ ICM system with AI algorithms is substantially equivalent to the
predicate Assert-IQ™ ICM system (K230286). The Intended Use and Indications for use are not
impacted by addition of the proposed AI EGM classification.
Both the subject and the predicate device (K230286) systems have the same fundamental
functionality and technological characteristics.  The integration of the AI algorithms into the
Assert-IQ system as sub-components of MN7000 does not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness.
Differences between the subject and predicate devices have been evaluated through design
verification and validation testing to provide evidence that the subject device is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device. The Assert-IQ™ ICM system when used with the AI algorithms
for EGM classification  is substantially equivalent to the predicate Assert-IQ ICM system
(K230286) based on comparisons of indications for use, operating principle, device technology,
functionality, and safety.
                         Table 1: Substantial Equivalence
                      Predicate Device Assert-IQ™ ICM        Subject Device Assert-IQ™ ICM System
                    System (K230286)                       with AI algorithms

  Intended Use       The Assert-IQ™ ICM system is intended to  Identical; Substantially equivalent
                       help physicians monitor, diagnose, and
                    document the rhythm in patients who are
                         susceptible to cardiac arrhythmias and
                      unexplained symptoms by detecting
                       arrhythmias and transmitting data for
                       review.

  Indications for Use   The Assert-IQ ™ ICM is indicated for the   Identical; Substantially equivalent
                       monitoring and diagnostic evaluation of
                           patients who experience unexplained
                    symptoms that may be cardiac-related
                       such as: dizziness, palpitations, chest
                          pain, syncope, and shortness of breath, as
                        well as patients who are at risk for cardiac
                        arrhythmias such as bradycardia,
                          tachycardia, and sinus pauses. The AssertIQ ICM is also indicated for patients who
                      have been previously diagnosed with
                              atrial fibrillation (AF) or who are
                          susceptible to developing AF. The AssertIQ ICM is intended to be inserted
                        subcutaneously in the left pectoral region,
                          also described as the left anterior chest
                          wall. The Assert-IQ ICM has not been
                           specifically tested for pediatric use.


                                                                             3

ABBOTT                                                                     TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                                           ASSERT-IQ™ ICM SYSTEM WITH AI

                      Predicate Device Assert-IQ™ ICM        Subject Device Assert-IQ™ ICM System
                    System (K230286)                       with AI algorithms

  Device Hardware  A titanium can and elasthane header; can     Identical; Substantially equivalent
                        encapsulates a lithium carbon monofluoride
                         battery and hardware circuitry; Bluetooth
                      antenna

 MR Conditional     1.5T & 3T                                      Identical; Substantially equivalent

 Remote             Bluetooth low energy from ICM to             Identical; Substantially equivalent
  Monitoring        myMerlin mobile app. Cellular or Wi-Fi to
 Method             Merlin.net via myMerlin Mobile App

             EGM collection; AF burden Trend, Activity   Identical; Substantially equivalent
  Diagnostics                      Trends; PVC Burden Trends

 Remote                                                                Identical; Substantially equivalent                      Available
 Programming

                                                                Addition of AI algorithms to classify AF and
                                                             Pause EGM episodes post-device detection

                                                                       Substantially Equivalent

                                                       The additional AI algorithms for AF and
 EGM                                                      Pause EGM classification in the Assert-IQ               AF and Pause discriminators present in the
  Classification                                               remote care system on top of the existing                      Assert-IQ device firmware
  Algorithms                               EGM classification in the device firmware
                                                              does not raise different questions of safety
                                                           and effectiveness and the performance of the
                                                                      subject device has been demonstrated to be
                                                                         substantially equivalent to the predicate
                                                                     device.


  Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Data
    All necessary software and system verification and validation testing was conducted on the
    subject Assert-IQ™ ICM system with AI to support a determination of substantial equivalence
    to the predicate device, including:
   •  Design  Verification:  Software  Verification  and  System  Verification,  including
       cybersecurity testing were completed to ensure the design output meets specifications
       outlined in the design inputs and cybersecurity requirements.  The Assert-IQ™ ICM
      remote care system with integration of the AI/ML algorithms, meets the functionality per
       the requirements and all test executions resulted in a status of Passed.
   •  Design Validation:
       AI Algorithm Performance  validation  testing was completed  to ensure  the
              algorithms were able to properly modify AF and Pause alerts based on AI

                                                                             4

ABBOTT                                                                     TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                                           ASSERT-IQ™ ICM SYSTEM WITH AI

              algorithms classification outputs on the AF and Pause EGM episodes. All results
            met or exceeded the acceptance criteria.

           AI algorithm performance assessment data
            The CARE-AF and CARE-Pause algorithms are designed to reduce false episodes
             while maintaining a majority of true episodes. Relative sensitivity and false positive
              reduction (i.e. relative specificity) were used to quantify the performance of these
              algorithms relative to the predicate Assert-IQ™ ICM system (K230286) in a
               retrospective  observational  cohort  study, where  the  device was used  in a
               representative, unseen, randomly selected, intended use population.
            The study included randomly selected patients who received Assert-IQ ICM for
            any reason for monitoring and had AF or Pause detection over 30 days of remote
             monitoring post device implant. Patients whose ICM data have been utilized in
              algorithm  training and preliminary performance evaluation were completely
             excluded from this study. To minimize the risk of bias caused by frequent similar
               episodes, a maximum of two episodes were randomly selected from each patient
              during the available monitoring period.
            The overall system performance of Assert IQ with CARE-AF is assessed using data
               collected from the Assert-IQ post-market study (NCT06172699) comparing device
               detection against a Holter monitor.
           CARE-Pause algorithm performance assessment results
            The CARE-Pause algorithm performance assessment was performed on 1498
              Assert-IQ ICM patients from 504 clinics across the United States. Syncope was the
              reason for monitoring provided for 33.2% of the patients (498 out of 1498). The
              study endpoints of relative sensitivity and false positive reduction were met with
               the AI Pause  algorithm  independently  achieving an  episode-based  relative
                sensitivity of 99.2% and a false positive reduction of 90.6%; and the overall system
             performance of Assert-IQ ICM with CARE-Pause achieving an episode-based
                sensitivity of 98.2% and episode-based positive predictive value of 78.6% with
          100% patient sensitivity and no delay in diagnosis. Furthermore, the performance
              of this algorithm is consistent across patient subgroups stratified by gender, age,
         US region, and reasons for monitoring.
         CARE-AF algorithm performance assessment results
            The CARE-AF algorithm performance assessment was performed on 911 AssertIQ ICM patients from 360 clinics across the United States. AF Management,
             Cryptogenic Stroke, Post AF Ablation and Suspected AF were the reasons for
             monitoring provided for 64.5% (588 out of 911) of the patients. The study
              endpoints of relative sensitivity and false positive reduction were met, with the AI
         AF algorithm independently achieving an episode-based relative sensitivity of

                                                                             5

ABBOTT                                                                     TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                                           ASSERT-IQ™ ICM SYSTEM WITH AI

            97.3% and a false positive reduction of 81.0%. Furthermore, the performance of
                 this algorithm is consistent across patient subgroups stratified by gender, age, US
               region, and reasons for monitoring.
            The  Assert-IQ  prospective,  multicenter  post-market  study (NCT06172699).
               enrolled 151 patients with symptomatic, drug-refractory paroxysmal or persistent
         AF to compare Assert-IQ ICM AF detection against Holter assessment (up to 7
             days per patient). Among 135 patients with analyzable data, the overall system
             performance of Assert IQ with CARE-AF achieved an episode-based sensitivity of
            99.4% and a positive predictive value of 93.6% with 100% patient sensitivity and
            no delay in diagnosis.


       System validation testing was completed to demonstrate the conformance of the
             system to the user needs in scope. Expert users performed clinical workflows based
            on simulated scenarios with a representative end-to-end system. This validation
                effort confirms clinical workflows remain practicable and that user needs within
             scope are conformed to.
       Human Factors Engineering (HFE) testing identifies and mitigates potential userelated risks, thereby minimizing user errors and enhancing overall device usability
            and safety. This testing successfully concluded that the Assert-IQ™ ICM remote
              care system with integration of the AI/ML algorithms is safe and effective for its
              intended users, uses, and use environments.

 Conclusion
    All verification and validation activities were successfully completed and did not raise new
    safety or performance issues; the Assert-IQ™ ICM system with integration of the AI
    algorithms has been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to the predicate Assert-IQ™
  ICM System (K230286).


                                                                             6