October 17, 2025

X9, Inc.
c/o Melissa Viotti
Quality and Regulatory Consultant
10 Research Parkway, Ste 350
Wallingford, Connecticut 06492


Re: K251673
    Trade/Device Name: X9 Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1560
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SGH, IYO, ITX, QIH
    Dated: September 15, 2025
    Received: September 17, 2025

Dear Melissa Viotti:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251673 - Melissa Viotti                                                              Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic.

K251673 - Melissa Viotti                                                              Page  3


See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                    Gema Gonzalez -S

                                     Maura Rooney
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                                 Obesity, and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital, and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251673

Device Name
X9 Ultrasound System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The X9 Ultrasound System is intended for ultrasound imaging of validated vascular accesses for hemodialysis during the
preliminary stage of a cannulation procedure, prior to inserting the needle. The device is intended to be used by qualified
healthcare professionals in a medical setting. The device is not intended to be used to diagnose the position of the vascular
access without confirming position per standard of care. The X9 Ultrasound System is not for use in pediatric patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k)
                         510(k) Summary                                                    X9 Ultrasound System


1.    Contact Details

      Applicant Name:           X9, Inc.
      Applicant Address:         10 Research Parkway, STE 350, Wallingford, CT 06492
      Applicant Contact Telephone: (650) 472-0307
      Applicant Contact:            Earl “Eb” Bright
      Applicant Contact Email:    ebright@x9med.com
      Date Summary Prepared:     October 17, 2025


2.    Device Name
      Device Trade Name:  X9 Ultrasound System
    Common Name:       Ultrasonic System
       Classification Name:  Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging system
      Regulation Number:   892.1560
      Product Code:      SGH, IYO
       Classification Name:  Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer
      Regulation Number:   892.1570
      Product Code:       ITX
       Classification Name:  Medical image management and processing system
      Regulation Number:   892.2050
      Product Code:      QIH

3.    Legally Marketed Predicate Devices


        Predicate #      Predicate Trade Name          Product Code
                BD Prevue™ II Peripheral                                           IYO – ITX – LLZ       K211193                         Vascular Access System


4.    Device Description Summary

The X9 Ultrasound System is intended for guidance in accessing arteriovenous fistulas and grafts
(AVF/G). The X9 Ultrasound System consists of a Handpiece and Software. The Handpiece is a
handheld device with an ultrasound transducer and is attached via a cable to a user-supplied
Computer. The Handpiece is covered by a compatible probe cover and is placed on the patient’s
limb and positioned (translated/rotated) by the user to align with the AVF/G. The Handpiece
contains a physical button for the user to activate/deactivate the system and an alignment
marking to assist the user with positioning the Handpiece over the vessel. The software, which
runs on a standard operating system platform installed on the Computer, provides the Graphical
User Interface (GUI). The GUI will indicate when the Handpiece is aligned with the AVF/G.
The information given from the system is intended to guide the user so that they can efficiently
proceed with the standard of care assessment prior to cannulation.

K251673                                                                       Page 1 of 4

Traditional 510(k)
                         510(k) Summary                                                    X9 Ultrasound System


5.    Intended Use / Indications for Use

The X9 Ultrasound System is intended for ultrasound imaging of validated vascular accesses for
hemodialysis during the preliminary stage of a cannulation procedure, prior to inserting the
needle. The device is intended to be used by qualified healthcare professionals in a medical
setting. The device is not intended to be used to diagnose the position of the vascular access
without confirming position per standard of care. The X9 Ultrasound System is not for use in
pediatric patients.
6.    Indications for Use Comparison

The BD Prevue™ II Peripheral Vascular Access System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound
imaging of the human body performed by appropriately trained healthcare professionals in a
medical setting.  Specific clinical applications include:

• Pediatric

• Peripheral Vessel and Vascular Access

Typical examinations performed using the BD Prevue™ II System include:

 Imaging Applications   Exam Type (Adult and Pediatric)

 Vascular                Assessment of vessels in the extremities and neck leading to or
                       coming from the heart, superficial veins in the arms and legs,
                        and vessel mapping. Assessment of superficial thoracic vessels.

 Vascular Access         Guidance for PICC, CVC, dialysis catheter, port, PIV, midline,
                                arterial line placement, access to fistula and grafts, and general
                          vein and artery access


The X9 Ultrasound System’s indications for use are encompassed by the broader indications of
the predicate device. The X9 Ultrasound System is not for use in pediatric patients.
7.    Technological Comparison

A comparison of the X9 Ultrasound System (subject device) to the BD Prevue™ II Peripheral
Vascular Access System (predicate device) demonstrated that any differences between the
subject device and predicate device do not constitute a new intended use, and any differences in
technological characteristics do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness. Both subject
and predicate devices are intended for use in a hospital/clinic medical setting by a trained
clinician. Both systems consist of B-mode imaging ultrasound probes and utilize software
analysis during use.
8.     Clinical Performance Data

No clinical testing was conducted in support of the X9 Ultrasound System, as the intended use,
indications, and technology are equivalent to those of the predicate device. The non-clinical

K251673                                                                       Page 2 of 4

Traditional 510(k)
                         510(k) Summary                                                    X9 Ultrasound System


testing summarized in this submission supports the substantial equivalence of this device to the
predicate with respect to safety and effectiveness.
9.    Non-Clinical Test Summary

X9, Inc. has conducted extensive verification and validation testing of the X9 Ultrasound
System. The subject device was tested to ensure that it can provide all the capabilities necessary
to operate safely and effectively. Acceptance criteria have been established to ensure that the
subject device performs in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the cited predicate
device. Testing was conducted to verify the safety and performance requirements of the subject
device, and the test results support substantial equivalence to the predicate device. The following
nonclinical tests were performed on the subject X9 Ultrasound System for a determination of
substantial equivalence.

     Acoustic Safety Testing
      Electrical Safety Testing
     Electromagnetic Compatibility Testing
     Mechanical and Thermal Safety Testing
     Software Verification Testing
     Cybersecurity Testing
     Bench Performance Testing
     User Needs Testing
     Ship Testing
     Machine Learning Validation Testing

A Machine Learning Model Validation was performed to confirm that the ML model correctly
determined if an access vessel was visible and if the average lateral error between the ML Model
and the access vessel True Location was acceptable. For the ML Model Validation, the X9
Ultrasound System was used to collect 378 B-mode ultrasound images on 63 participants known
to have an arteriovenous fistula or graft (AVF/G). Participants had their access vessel scanned
using the ultrasound handpiece and a laptop running an application capable of saving scanned
data. From each participant scan dataset, images at three timepoints were selected in accordance
with the approved protocol and analyzed by three independent sonographers to establish ground
truth. The training dataset was collected at dialysis clinics not included in the ML model
validation and was used exclusively for model training. Separate test datasets were reserved for
performance validation against expert-annotated ground truth. ML model validation clinic
locations were selected to obtain a sample of participants and included 31 females, 32 males, 34
Black/African American, 27 White, 1 Asian, 1 Unknown/Not Reported, 4 Hispanic or Latino,
and 59 Not Hispanic or Latino. The participant age ranged from 18 to 75+ years old. Fifteen (15)
participants presented with AV Grafts and 48 with AV Fistulas.

The reviewers used their clinical expertise to determine if an access vessel was visible in each
image or not. A subset of images called the “Access Present Subset” was created, containing all
images where the majority of independent reviewers determined that an access vessel was

K251673                                                                       Page 3 of 4

Traditional 510(k)
                         510(k) Summary                                                    X9 Ultrasound System


present in the image. The Access Presence Sensitivity percentage was calculated from the
number of images where the ML Model determined that an access vessel is present divided by
the total number of images in the subset. The “true location” of the access vessel was established
by calculating the average of the locations annotated by each of the independent reviewers. The
lateral error of the ML Model was calculated as the difference between the True Location of the
access vessel and the ML model lateral access vessel location.

The Machine Learning Model (and therefore the X9 Ultrasound System) met the ML Model
Validation acceptance criteria for the primary analyses. The calculated Access Presence
Sensitivity was 94.5%, which exceeded the acceptance criteria of greater than or equal to 75%.
The average lateral error between the ML Model and the access vessel True Location was 0.492
mm, which met the acceptance criterion of 3mm maximum. The average Dice Similarity
Coefficient (DSC) across all reviewers was 81.3%, which meets the acceptance criterion of 75%
minimum.


10.   Conclusion

The subject device met all design specifications and non-clinical testing provided support of the
substantial equivalence determination.


K251673                                                                       Page 4 of 4