October 17, 2025


SpectraWAVE, Inc.
℅ Ankit Shah
Senior Manager Regulatory Affairs
12 Oak Park Drive
BEDFORD, MA 01730


Re: K251355
    Trade/Device Name: X1-FFR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1600
    Regulation Name: Angiographic X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QHA, LLZ
    Dated: September 15, 2025
    Received: September 16, 2025


Dear Ankit Shah:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251355 - Ankit Shah                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251355 - Ankit Shah                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

               Lu Jiang


                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                          See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251355

Device Name
Xl-FFR


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Spectra WA VE Xl-FFR Software features segmentation of coronary vessels, and measurement and reporting tools to
facilitate the following use:

• Calculate the dimensions of coronary vessels;
• Quantify stenosis in coronary vessels;
• Quantify pressure drop in coronary vessels;

The Spectra WA VE Xl-FFR Software is intended to be used by or under the supervision of a cardiologist.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                            Page 1 of 1                                                       PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251355


                                                510(k) Summary
 ________________________________________________________________

                            Traditional 510(k) Summary

1.   Basic Information-Submitter:

     510(k) Owner:              SpectraWAVE, Inc.

     Address:                  12 Oak Park Drive
                                   Bedford, MA 01730
                                   (781) 701-8148 (main number)

      Official Contact:               Ankit Shah
                                  Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
                                   (323) 401-6480
                              ashah@spectrawave.com

     Date Summary Prepared:     10/17/2025

2.   Device Name:

     Trade Name:              X1-FFR
    Common Name:            X-Ray Angiographic Imaging Based Coronary
                                  Vascular Simulation Software Device
      Classification Name:          Angiographic x-ray system
     Regulation Numbers:        21 CFR 892.1600
     Product Code:            QHA, LLZ
      Classification:               Class II

3.   Predicate Devices:

    K180019 Pie Medical Imaging CAAS Workstation

4.   Device Description:

    The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software is a standalone medical device which is used
      in the catheterization lab as an angiography image assessment tool for assessing
      Fractional Flow Reserve using non-invasive quantitative and functional analysis of
     coronary vasculature.

    The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR software comprises image processing and
     computational algorithms to perform functional coronary angiography, providing
      longitudinal estimations of coronary pressure drop and Fractional Flow Reserve
     (FFR) during angiogram and percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) procedures.


                       Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software is a procedural aid intended to be used to
     support diagnosis by clinicians.

     AI-derived algorithms are deployed on the device to support vessel segmentation
    and contouring. Analytical (non-AI) models are used for generating FFR values.

    The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

       •  provides measurements of localized coronary pressure drops over the length
            of a coronary vessel, including the right and left coronary tree.
       •  provides dimensions of the coronary vessels and the amount of stenosis in
          coronary vessels;
       •  enables physiology assessment in a non-invasive manner, without the need
             for adenosine and without the need for additional radiation and contrast
           administration.

5.   Indications for Use Statement:

    The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software features segmentation of coronary vessels,
    and measurement and reporting tools to facilitate the following use:

         •   Calculate the dimensions of coronary vessels;
         •   Quantify stenosis in coronary vessels;
         •   Quantify pressure drop in coronary vessels;


    The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software is intended to be used by or under the
     supervision of a cardiologist.

6.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

A comparison of the technological characteristics of the subject and the predicate device
is provided in the table below.


                       Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

PREDICATE DEVICE       Comparison              SUBJECT DEVICE

                                                  Pie Medical                 SpectraWAVE
                                 CAAS Workstation                    X1-FFR                                                 (K180019)
Company    SpectraWAVE                 Pie Medical Imaging BV
            12 Oak Park Drive             Philipsweg 1, 6227 AJ
               Bedford, MA 01730, USA       Maastricht, The Netherlands
Intended     The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR   CAAS Workstation is a          Identical
Use          Software is a software         modular software product
              product intended to be used    intended to be used by or
             by or under the supervision of  under supervision of a
            a cardiologist in order to aid in  cardiologist or radiologist in
               reading, co-registering, and     order to aid in reading, cointerpreting cardiovascular X-   registering and interpreting
               ray images to support in        cardiovascular X-Ray images
              diagnoses and for assistance   to support diagnoses and for
               during the intervention of       assistance during intervention
               cardiovascular conditions.       of cardiovascular conditions.
Indications   The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR   CAAS Workstation features    The subject
for Use       Software features             segmentation of               device indications
              segmentation of coronary       cardiovascular structures, 3D   are identical to a
               vessels, and measurement     reconstruction of vessel        subset of the
            and reporting tools to facilitate  segments and catheter path    indications
               the following use:            based on multiple              cleared for the
                                             angiographic images,          predicate device.               •   Calculate the dimensions
                                      measurement and reporting                    of coronary vessels;
                                                  tools to facilitate the following               •   Quantify stenosis in                                          Indications for the                                             use:                 coronary vessels;                                           subject device
                                              •   Calculate the dimensions   focus on the               •   Quantify pressure drop in                                                       of cardiovascular          assessment of                 coronary vessels;                                                      structures;                coronary vessels.
                                              •   Quantify stenosis in
            The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR        coronary and peripheral
              Software is intended to be          vessels;
             used by or under the                                              •   Quantify the motion of the               supervision of a cardiologist.                                                                    left and right ventricular
                                                         wall;
                                              •  Perform density
                                           measurements;
                                              •  Determine C-arm position
                                                           for optimal imaging of
                                                  cardiovascular structures;
                                              •  Enhance stent
                                                       visualization and measure
                                                     stent dimensions;


                            Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

PREDICATE DEVICE       Comparison              SUBJECT DEVICE

                                                  Pie Medical                 SpectraWAVE
                                 CAAS Workstation                    X1-FFR                                                 (K180019)
                                              •   Quantify pressure drop in
                                               coronary vessels;
                                              •   Co-registration of
                                                angiographic X-Ray
                                           images with IVUS and
                                OCT images.
                               CAAS Workstation is
                                            intended to be used by or
                                          under supervision of a
                                                  cardiologist or radiologist.
Regulation   21 CFR 892.1600            21 CFR 892.1600               Identical
Number
FDA        QHA, LLZ                QHA, LLZ                        Identical
Product
Code
Data Input    X-ray angiography in Display   X-ray angiography in DICOM   The subject
               format (vendor independent)    format (vendor independent);   device data input
                                                                           type is similar to a                                              •  IVUS and OCT data in
                                                                        subset of the data                                  DICOM format (vendor
                                                                                inputs cleared for                                                 independent);
                                                                            the predicate
                                              •  IVUS data as video                                                                               device.                                             stream

                                                              The subject
                                                                          device uses XRay angiography
                                                                                            in display format
                                                                and does not
                                                                        accept other
                                                                 image types.
Image         •  2D X-Ray Image            •  2D X-ray image;         The subject
Display                                      •  3D reconstruction based    device’s image
                                                                                display outputs                                         on 2 Xray images;
                                                                         are identical to a
                                              •  2D intravascular image;                                                                        subset of the
                                              •   Longitudinal intravascular  image display
                                                   reconstruction              outputs cleared
                                                                                           for the predicate
                                                                               device.


                            Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

PREDICATE DEVICE       Comparison              SUBJECT DEVICE

                                                  Pie Medical                 SpectraWAVE
                                 CAAS Workstation                    X1-FFR                                                 (K180019)
                                                              The subject
                                                                          device displays
                                                        2D X-Ray Images
                                                                and does not
                                                                                display 3D
                                                                               reconstruction or
                                                                                 intravascular
                                                                               formats.

Image         •  Automatic calibration;       •  Manual and automatic     The subject
Assessment  •  Vessel dimensions               calibration;                 device’s image
                                                                   assessment                   (diameters, lengths);        •  Basic length, diameter,
                                                                                      capabilities are                                                  density and angle               •  Automatic and manual                                                                                       identical to a                                           measurements;                   stenosis assessment;                                                                        subset of the
                                              •  Vessels and ventricle               •  Pressure drop calculation                                                                 image
                                             dimensions (diameters,                      in coronary vessel                                    assessment
                                                 areas, volumes);                                                                                      capabilities
                                              •  Automatic and manual      cleared for the
                                                  stenosis assessment;       predicate device.
                                              •   Left and right ventricular
                                                     wall motion;             The subject
                                              •   Left ventricular              device’s image
                                          myocardium dimensions;   assessment
                                                                        focuses on the                                              •  Enhanced stent
                                                                               analysis of                                                        visualization;
                                                                         coronary vessels.
                                              •   Stent dimensions;
                                              •  Pressure drop calculation
                                                           in coronary vessels;
                                              •   Providing common frame
                                                       of reference for IVUS and
                                OCT data with X-ray
                                                angiographic data


                            Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

7.   Performance Testing:

7.1  Summary of Performance Testing:

     Design verification and validation of the SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software were
     performed in compliance with external standards and internal design control
     procedures comprised of software development, bench testing (software and
      algorithm), and summative usability testing to confirm device performance.

7.2  Software:

    SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software was developed and tested in compliance with IEC
     62304. Software verification and validation were conducted in accordance with
     applicable FDA regulations, standards, and guidance document requirements. The
      results of this testing conclude the software has met these requirements.

7.3  Performance Data:

    SpectraWAVE performed a series of tests to demonstrate that the X1-FFR
     Software meets its performance specifications. Comprehensive verification and
      validation activities were successfully completed, raising no safety or effectiveness
     concerns. All testing passed the acceptance criteria.

    X1-FFR performance relative to invasive hyperemic pressure wire was assessed in
    a retrospective clinical analysis of 306 vessels from 285 patients. The mean age of
     the patients included in the study was 66 years old, and 73% were male. Of the
    306 vessels analyzed, 65% were LAD, 17% were RCA, and 17% were LCX. The
     average FFR across the population was 0.82. A Bland-Altman analysis assessing
     the relationship between X1-FFR and invasive hyperemic pressure wire evaluation
     across the entire dataset demonstrated a bias of 0.00 with 95% limits of agreement
      of [-0.12, 0.12].


                       Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software

7.4  Cybersecurity

    SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software’s cybersecurity and interoperability risks have
    been appropriately mitigated to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and
     effectiveness of the device.

7.5  Summative Usability Testing:

      Usability evaluation was conducted to establish that the SpectraWAVE X1-FFR
     Software meets the needs of the intended users to perform assessment of blood
      flow through the coronary artery, safely and effectively according to
     ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62366-1.

    The SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software has been found to be safe and effective for
     the intended users, indications for use, and use environments.

8.   Conclusion and Statement of Equivalence:

    The information presented in this 510(k) submission demonstrates that the
    SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software is as safe and effective as the predicate device
    and is therefore considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                       Premarket Notification, SpectraWAVE X1-FFR Software