December 8, 2025

Ceribell, Inc.
Raymond Woo
CTO
360 N Pastoria Ave
Sunnyvale, California 94085


Re: K251936
    Trade/Device Name:  Ceribell Delirium Monitor System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1440
    Regulation Name: Neuropsychiatric Interpretive Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: NCG
    Dated: November 7, 2025
    Received: November 7, 2025

Dear Raymond Woo:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an

K251936 - Raymond Woo                                                             Page  2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K251936 - Raymond Woo                                                             Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                  Patrick Antkowiak
                  -S
                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                 Neurointerventional, and
                                               Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological and
                                                Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K251936                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
 Ceribell Delirium Monitor System


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 The Ceribell Delirium Monitor System  is intended to analyze features associated with diffuse slowing
 electroencephalogram (EEG) patterns that may be indicative of delirium. The Ceribell Delirium Monitor
 software is intended to aid in the screening and monitoring of delirium with clinical assessments in adult
 patients in critical care settings within hospitals.

 The Ceribell Delirium Monitor System analyzes discrete segments of EEG to notify clinicians when EEG
 patterns associated with delirium are detected while monitoring the patient. Changes in patient condition
 that are detected by the device should be verified before commencing any interventions.

  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as         Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                               flOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I


Ceribell Delirium Monitor System                                                                    Page 9 of 37

510(k) Summary – K251936
This summary of 510(k)-safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.
1. Sponsor Information:
 Company             Ceribell, Inc.
                  360 N Pastoria Ave
                     Sunnyvale, CA 94085
 Contact          Raymond Woo, Ph.D.
                      Chief Technology Officer
                         Ceribell, Inc.
                  360 N Pastoria Ave
                     Sunnyvale, CA 94085
                   Phone: (800) 436-0826
                       E-mail: ray@ceribell.com
 Alternate Contact  Tom McDougal
                     Associate Director of Regulatory
                         Ceribell, Inc.
                  360 N Pastoria Ave
                     Sunnyvale, CA 94085
                       E-mail: tom.mcdougal@ceribell.com
 Date Prepared     November 7, 2025

2. Device Information:
Trade Name:           Ceribell Delirium Monitor System
Common Name:       Neuropsychiatric Interpretive Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid
Regulation Number:   21 CFR 882.1440
Classification Name:   Neuropsychiatric Interpretive Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid
Device Class:                II
Product Code:     NCG

3. Predicate Device:
Primary Predicate:
K222680: DeltaScan Monitor

Secondary Predicates:
K191301: Ceribell Pocket EEG Device
K232052: Ceribell Instant EEG Headband


                                                                            1

4. Indications for Use:
The Ceribell Delirium Monitor System is intended to analyze features associated with diffuse
slowing electroencephalogram (EEG) patterns that may be indicative of delirium. The Ceribell
Delirium Monitor System is intended to aid in the screening and monitoring of delirium with
clinical assessments in adult patients in critical care settings within hospitals.
The Ceribell Delirium Monitor System analyzes discrete segments of EEG to notify clinicians
when EEG patterns associated with delirium are detected while monitoring the patient. Changes
in patient condition that are detected by the device should be verified before commencing any
interventions.
5. Device Description:
Ceribell’s Delirium Monitor System is a novel device that uses EEG to aid in the detection of
delirium. The device is comprised of the Delirium Monitor software as well as Ceribell’s
previously cleared EEG acquisition system (K191301) and EEG headband (K232052) for
recording and processing the EEG.

Once the EEG is recorded and processed the Delirium Monitor software performs the following
steps:

           1)  Extraction of EEG features relevant to delirium assessment in 30-minute
            segments
           2)  Analysis of the extracted features of each segment with a machine-learning
            based delirium assessment model
           3)  Providing delirium-positive or delirium-negative assessment output to the
              intended users after the first 30 minutes of recording, including audible and
                 visible notifications on the Ceribell Pocket EEG Device in the event of deliriumpositive findings
           4)  Thereafter, providing delirium-positive or delirium-negative assessment output to
              the intended users once every 15 minutes, generating a notification when the
            assessment transitions from negative to positive.

    Once generated, the output of the Delirium Monitor will be interpreted by the clinician
     alongside other relevant information to determine whether a diagnosis of delirium is
      appropriate.
6. Substantial Equivalence:
The Delirium Monitor is considered a Neuropsychiatric Interpretive Electroencephalograph
Assessment Aid (for delirium) per 21 CFR 882.1440 and shares the same intended use as the
DeltaScan Monitor predicate device. Specifically, both the DeltaScan device and the Delirium
Monitor are prescription use devices that use EEG to provide an assessment of a
neuropsychiatric condition. Both devices also serve as aids to the assessment of a condition
and are not intended to provide a stand-alone diagnosis. The Delirium Monitor differs in its
indications for use as it is designed for the assessment of delirium rather than acute
encephalopathy like the predicate device. However, the difference in indications for use do not


                                                                           2

represent a new intended use; instead, it reflects differences in the neuropsychiatric disorders
that is being diagnosed.
The Delirium Monitor and DeltaScan predicate device also have similar technological
characteristics. Both devices extract EEG features to provide an assessment of the presence of
a neuropsychiatric condition. Differences include the features of the EEG that form the basis of
the diagnosis which reflect the different psychiatric conditions that each device is intended to
diagnose. The outputs are also different in that the Delirium Monitor provides a binary
assessment related to whether the patient is currently experiencing delirium or not while the
DeltaScan device provides a binary assessment related to whether the patient has acute
encephalopathy or not. These differences in technology did not raise new questions of safety
and effectiveness and were addressed using data from a clinical performance test.


                                                                            3

Comparison of Ceribell Delirium Monitor versus predicate:
Table 1: Comparison of Ceribell Delirium Monitor versus predicate
Characteristics  DeltaScan          Ceribell Delirium    Discussion
                Monitor           Monitor (Subject
                                   Device)                (K222680)
Regulatory       Neuropsychiatric     Neuropsychiatric     Same
Classification    Interpretive           Interpretive                                                  21 CFR 882.1440 describes Neuropsychiatric                 Electroencephalog   Electroencephalogra                                                                   Interpretive Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid as                raph Assessment   ph Assessment Aid                                                              “a prescription device that uses a patient's                  Aid     (21 CFR    (21 CFR 882.1440)                                                          electroencephalograph (EEG) to provide an                 882.1440)                                                                   interpretation of the patient's neuropsychiatric condition.
                                                 The neuropsychiatric interpretive EEG assessment aid is
                                                   used only as an assessment aid for a medical condition
                                                                       for which there exists other valid methods of diagnosis”.

                                                                Similar to the proposed predicate, the Ceribell Delirium
                                                          Monitor can be classified under this regulation based on
                                                            the following:
                                                                •    It is a prescription only device
                                                                •    It uses EEG to provide an interpretation of
                                                                       delirium which is a neuropsychiatric condition
                                                                •    It is intended to be used as an assessment aid
                                                                                for a medical condition for which there are valid
                                                         methods of diagnosis (e.g., clinical assessment
                                                                 according to DSM-5 criteria)
                                                                •    It is used to support further clinical evaluation of
                                                                   the patient based on standard of care
                                                                  procedures.
Indications for  The DeltaScan     The Ceribell            Different
Use             Monitor provides     Delirium Monitor                                                 The indications are different in terms of the                  the binary         System is intended                                                             neuropsychiatric conditions that are being assessed;                DeltaScan Output    to analyze features                                                       however, this does not constitute a new intended use               based on a         associated with                                                            since both the Ceribell Delirium Monitor, and the                   technical index of    diffuse slowing                                                     proposed predicate are EEG-based assessments aids                 polymorphic delta    electroencephalogra                                                                       for neuropsychiatric conditions.              (PMD) waveshape  m (EEG) patterns
                  detections made in   that may be
                  the EEG from the    indicative of
                   bipolar Fp2 and Pz   delirium. The
                channel on adult     Ceribell Delirium
                   patients (over 60    Monitor System is
                 years of age) to     intended to aid in
                  aid in the            the screening and
                 diagnosis of acute   monitoring of
                 encephalopathy.     delirium with clinical

                                                                                    4

assessments in
                      adult patients inDeltaScan should                           critical care settingsonly be used by a                      within hospitals.healthcare
provider as a      The Ceribell
component of a      Delirium Monitor
complete clinical    System analyzes
evaluation or as      discrete segments
support for the       of EEG to notify
clinician's decision   clinicians when EEG
to pursue further     patterns associated
testing. The device   with delirium are
is NOT to be used   detected while
as a stand-alone    monitoring the
method in the        patient. Changes in
evaluation or         patient condition
diagnosis of acute   that are detected by
encephalopathy.     the device should be
                        verified before
                 commencing any
The intended         interventions.
patient is a
hospitalized,
awake adult, who
is at risk of acute
encephalopathy
and delirium as
decided by the
responsible
licensed
healthcare
physician or a
medical
professional
working under the
responsibility of a
licensed
healthcare
physician.

The use
environment is in
hospitals:
• non-sterile
environments;
• ICUs, wards, and
other patient


                                                                      5

evaluation
                    locations;

              The DeltaScan
                 Monitor is intended
                   to be used in
                 combination with
                  the DeltaScan
                Patch (K222671)
                 through a
                   proprietary
                 connector design.

                Please refer to the
                   Instructions for
              Use and the
                   Instructions for
              Use on the
                 Primary packaging
                    of the DeltaScan
                Patch for more
                   information.
Intended         Adults over 60       Adult patients in     Same
Patient          years of age who      critical care settings                                                      Both the subject device and primary predicate arePopulation      are at risk of          that are at risk of                                                               indicated for the same patient population with the                 encephalopathy      delirium.                                                           exception of age range. However, this difference does                 and/or delirium.                                                            not represent a new intended use. The effectiveness of
                                                            the subject device in the intended patient population is
                                                        supported through clinical performance testing.
                                                 The secondary predicates do not have an age restriction
                                                  on intended patient populations.
Intended User   Medical            Medical          Same
Population       professionals       professionals in the                                                      Both the Ceribell Delirium Monitor System and the
                   qualified to            critical care setting                                                             predicate device are intended to be used by medical
               assess inpatient     qualified and                                                             professionals who are well-trained or experienced in the
                 disorders and      experienced in                                                         standard of care associated with similar
             who are             delirium              neurophysiological conditions.
                experienced in
                diagnosing acute
                encephalopathy
                 and/or delirium
Prescription    Yes              Yes             Same
Use Only


                                                                                    6

Technological Characteristics
Medical Device  Hardware (EEG    Hardware (EEG     Same
Type             recording system)   recording system)                                                 The predicate device uses its hardware systems to               and software       and software                                                           record and process EEG, and the Delirium Monitor
                                                  System uses EEG collected from its FDA cleared EEG
                                                                 acquisition system (K191301) and EEG headband
                                                         (K232052).
                                                           This difference does not raise new question of safety
                                                  and effectiveness, as the principle of operation is similar
                                                         (see below).
Principle of     DeltaScan Monitor  The Ceribell           Similar
Operation       records EEG to      Delirium Monitor                                                 The principle of operation of both the Delirium Monitor                   calculate a           extracts EEG                                                  and the predicate device is similar in that both devices                   technical index of    features and uses                                                              include software algorithms that extract particular                 polymorphic data    machine-learning                                                              features of the EEG to aid in the identification of a              (PMD) to aid in the  based algorithms to                                                             neuropsychiatric condition. The EEG features that are                 diagnosis of acute   detect the presence                                                   used for the diagnosis reflect the patient population and                 encephalopathy.      of delirium.                                                            the specific condition that the software is attempting to
                                                                         identify. The effectiveness of using the Delirium Monitor
                                                     as an aid to the assessment of delirium was supported
                                                     by clinical performance data.
Patient Input   EEG signals      EEG signals       Same
                 recorded from the    recorded from the
                    patient’s scalp.       patient’s scalp.
Device Output  Two categories      Audible or visible    Same
               based on a           notifications                                                        Aside from the difference in detected condition, the two                  threshold of the     presented on the                                                           outputs are the same. The safety and effectiveness of               amount of PMD      Ceribell Pocket EEG                                                            the Delirium Monitor System to perform a delirium               waveshapes        device interface                                                    assessment was supported by clinical performance data.                 detected in the      which states either
              EEG:                “Delirium           The secondary predicate Pocket EEG Device provides
                                   Suspected” or         audible or visible notifications for seizure. This is                         - NEGATIVE for                                        “Delirium Not          equivalent to the audible or visible notifications provided                 acute                                     Suspected”.         by the subject device and the change in target condition                 encephalopathy                                                   does not introduce new questions of safety or
                         - POSITIVE for                               effectiveness.
                 acute
                 encephalopathy
Connectivity    None                  Wi-fi communication  Same
                                        with cloud-based                                                 The Delirium Monitor uses an internet connection to                                      server infrastructure.                                                   send collected EEG signals to the cloud and receive
                                                             algorithm results in return. This is performed using the
                                                                              wi-fi and server architecture of the cleared Pocket EEG
                                                           Device. As such, this feature is shared with the
                                                      secondary predicates.


                                                                                     7

7. Performance Data:

7.1 Non-clinical Testing
Software verification and validation testing was completed, and documentation was provided per
FDA’s guidance entitled Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions.


7.2 Clinical Testing
Clinical data was collected and analyzed to determine the performance of the Ceribell Delirium
Monitor. EEG data was collected from 225 adults (22 years or older) in a critical care
environment. The EEG hardware that was used to acquire the recordings were previously
cleared systems (Ceribell Instant EEG Headband: K232052 and Ceribell Pocket EEG Device:
K191301). Clinical assessment of the patient (according to the DSM-5 criteria for delirium
diagnosis) was also conducted up to three times a day by a qualified clinician. The recorded
EEG data and corresponding clinical delirium diagnosis were analyzed retrospectively to
determine the performance of the Delirium Monitor. The results of the Delirium Monitor were
compared against the ground truth established by the clinical diagnosis of delirium by a qualified
clinician. The performance of the EEG analysis algorithm was determined by the sensitivity and
specificity of the algorithm against the expert clinical diagnosis.
The performance goals for the device software were set to the following:
•   Sensitivity: lower-bound of the 95% confidence interval greater than or equal to 70%
•   Specificity: lower-bound of the 95% confidence interval greater than or equal to 70%


Patient Demographics:
There were 135 males (60.0%) and 90 females (40.0%) in the sample. The average age was
62.4 years (standard deviation = 14.8). The minimum age was 24 and the maximum was 92.
There were 115 (51.1%) subjects below age 65 and 110 (48.9%) subjects who were 65 or older.
The performance of the Delirium Monitor algorithm on the validation dataset is shown in Table 2
along with the 95% confidence intervals. 95% confidence interval estimates (bias-corrected
accelerated bootstrapping) were calculated both on all individual assessments and on a persubject level (bootstrap substitution for all assessments from a subject, to correct for potential
within-subject correlations).


                                                                           8

Table 2: Delirium Monitor algorithm validation results
                           Sensitivity    Specificity   AUROC     PPV      NPV
                     [95% C.I.]   [95% C.I.]   [95% C.I.]   [95% C.I.]  [95% C.I.]
       Confidence       81%       81%          0.87         0.57        0.93
         Interval                               [76-87]        [78-84]        [83-89]       [51-63]      [91-95]        calculated for
        individual
       assessments
       Confidence       81%       81%          0.87         0.57        0.93
         Interval                               [73-89]        [74-85]        [81-91]       [46-67]      [89-96]        calculated at
        the subjectlevel

Subgroup Performance:
Subgroup analyses demonstrated acceptable variation among subgroups, supporting
performance across the intended use population.


Repeatability Results:
To demonstrate the repeatability of the algorithm performance, we calculated Cohen’s kappa
value between pairs of EEG segments taken from the same subjects. The Delirium Monitor
algorithm uses 30-minute segments of EEG. For the repeatability measurement, the two nonoverlapping EEG segments were selected as those closest in time to each expert clinician
delirium assessment. Of the 857 assessments included in the validation dataset, 243
assessments were excluded from this analysis because the EEG duration in the vicinity of the
assessment was not sufficiently long to include two non-overlapping EEG segments. With these
243 exclusions, the repeatability evaluation included 614 individual assessments
The results shown in Table 3 indicated high repeatability:
             Table 3: Cohen’s kappa indicating high algorithm
                                         reliability
                                Cohen’s      Kappa 95%
                              Kappa        Confidence
                                                             Interval
         Repeatability                0.76          0.71-0.80
        evaluation of 614
        paired test/re-test EEG
       segments


                                                                            9

A Cohen’s kappa value of 0.76 corresponds to a categorization of “substantial agreement” using
the Landis and Koch kappa interpretation scale. The percent agreement above random chance
was 34.94%

Conclusions:
The risks of the device are based on the data collected in a clinical validation study. The major
risks associated with the device is a false positive or a false negative result. Based on the
performance validation study results, the risks to the patient of false negatives or false positives
are very low – particularly given that the Delirium Monitor is intended as an aid to screening of
delirium. It is not intended to take the place of diagnosis by a qualified clinician. Besides,
assessments such as the CAM-ICU will still be performed per the hospital’s usual workflow.
The probable benefits of the device are also informed by the data collected in the performance
validation study. The results of the study indicated that the Delirium Monitor has 81% sensitivity
(95% CI: 76% - 87%) and 81% specificity (95% CI: 78% - 84%) and demonstrates high
repeatability with Cohen’s Kappa of 0.76. These results suggest the device is likely to benefit
the patient, particularly when compared to current standard of care. Since this device is
intended to be used as an aid in the assessment of delirium in conjunction with the standard of
care, the risk of harm to the patient in the event of a false negative or false positive is fairly low.
Moreover, the reliable and robust clinical performance of the device suggests that the benefits
to the patients and clinicians clearly outweigh the risks of the Delirium Monitor.
8. Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP):
The Ceribell Delirium Monitor System has been cleared by the FDA with an Authorized PCCP.
The Authorized PCCP outlines specific modifications intended to improve algorithm clinical or
computational performance through the expansion of training data and optimization of the
algorithm.
The PCCP outlines Ceribell’s data management and algorithm development practices, including
how and when performance is evaluated. The PCCP also defines validation requirements for
algorithm updates. Prior to release, the updated algorithm is validated through testing against
previously established acceptance criteria using an independent validation data set. Updates
will be implemented using a validated Software Update process. When an update is performed,
Ceribell will update this operator manual and notify customers of the update.
9. Summary:
The Ceribell Delirium Monitor System has the same intended use as the predicate device. In
addition, it has similar technological characteristics; performance data demonstrates that any
differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness. Therefore, the Ceribell Delirium Monitor System is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


                                                                            10