September 8, 2025

Techsomed Medical Technologies
Dalia Dickman
Head of Regulatory Affairs
6 Ofra Haza St.
Or Yehuda, 6032303
Israel

Re: K251931
    Trade/Device Name: BioTraceIO Vision (V1.7)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QTZ, QIH, LLZ
    Dated: July 13, 2025
    Received: July 14, 2025

Dear Dalia Dickman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251931 - Dalia Dickman                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K251931 - Dalia Dickman                                                             Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K251931              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).

IBioTracelO Vision  (V1.7)


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 BioTracelO Vision is a Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance (MR) image processing
 software package available for use with ablation procedures.
 BioTracelO Vision is controlled by the user via a user interface.
 BioTracelO Vision imports images from CT and MR scanners and facility PACS systems for display and
 processing during ablation procedures.
 BioTracelO Vision is used to assist physicians in planning ablation procedures, including identifying ablation
 targets and virtual ablation needle placement. BioTracelO Vision  is used to assist physicians in confirming
 ablation zones.
 The software is not intended for diagnosis. The software is not intended to predict ablation volumes or
 predict ablation success.

  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  Z Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                      D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I


BioTracelO Vision                                                                                Page 9 of 30

K251931

                                 510(K) SUMMARY

                        Techsomed’s BioTraceIO Vision


Submitter

Techsomed Medical Technologies LTD.

6 Ofra Haza St.
Or Yehuda 6032303
ISRAEL
Phone: +972545595951


Contact Person: Dalia Dickman, PhD.

Date Prepared: September 4, 2025


Name of Device: BioTraceIO Vision (V1.7)

Common or Usual Name: BioTraceIO Vision

Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21 CFR 892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QTZ, QIH, LLZ


Predicate Devices

        510(K) Number           K240773
        Trade Name                BioTraceIO Vision 1.4
        Manufacturer             Techsomed Medical Technologies. LTD.
        Device Name                VisAble.IO
        Regulation Number          892.2050
        Regulation Name            Medical Image Management and Processing System
        Regulatory Class            Class II
        Primary Product Code       QTZ, QIH, LLZ


Device Description

BioTraceIO Vision is a stand-alone software application with tools and features designed to assist
users in planning ablation procedures as well as tools for treatment confirmation. The use
environment for BioTraceIO Vision is the Operating Room and the hospital healthcare environment
such as interventional radiology control room.

BioTraceIO Vision has six distinct workflow steps:

          •   Data Import
          •   Anatomic Structures Segmentation (Liver, Kidney, Hepatic Vein, Portal Vein, Ablation
           Target)

•   Instrument Placement (Needle Planning) for Microwave Ablation (MWA) or
           Cryoablation (Cryo) Procedures
          •   Ablation Zone/Ice ball Segmentation
          •   Registration of Pre-Procedure Images
          •   Treatment Confirmation (Registration of Pre- and Post-Interventional Images;
            Quantitative Analysis)

Of  these  workflow  steps,  four  (Anatomic  Segmentation,  Ablation  Target  Segmentation,
Registration of Pre-Procedure Images and Instrument Placement) make use of the planning image.
These workflow steps contain features and tools designed to support the planning of ablation
procedures. The other two (Ablation Zone Segmentation, and Treatment Confirmation) make use
of the confirmation image volume. These workflow steps contain features and tools designed to
support the evaluation of the ablation procedure’s technical performance in the confirmation image
volume.

Key features of the BioTraceIO Vision Software include:

          •   Workflow steps availability
          •  Manual and automated tools for anatomic structures and ablation target/zone
          segmentation
          •   Overlaying and positioning virtual instruments (ablation needles) and user-selected
           estimates of the ablation regions onto the medical images
          •  Image registration
          •  Compute achieved margins and missed volumes to help the user assess the
          coverage of the ablation target by the ablation zone
          •   Data saving and secondary capture generation

The software components provide functions for performing operations related to image display,
manipulation, analysis, and quantification, including features designed to facilitate segmentation
of the ablation target and ablation zones.

The software system runs on a dedicated computer and is intended for display and processing, of
a Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance (MR), including contrast enhanced
images.

The system can be used on patient data for any patient demographic chosen to undergo the
ablation treatment.

BioTraceIO Vision uses several algorithms to perform operations to present information to the user
in order for them to evaluate the planned and post ablation zones. These include:

          •   Segmentation
          •  Image Registration
          •  Measurement and Quantification

BioTraceIO Vision is intended to be used for ablations with the following ablation instruments:

For needle planning, the software currently supports the following needle models:
          •   Microwave ablation
                 -   AngioDynamics: Solero Probe 14CM, 19CM, 29CM
                 -  HS HOSPITAL SERVICE: Amica Probe (16G) 15CM, 20CM, 27CM; Amica Probe
             (14G) 15CM, 20CM, 27CM
                 -   Medtronic Covidien: Emprint Antenna 15CM, 20CM, 30CM
                 -  NeuWave Medical: LK Probe 15CM, 20CM; LK XT Probe 15CM, 20CM; PR Probe
            15CM, 20CM; PR XT Probe 15CM, 20CM
                 -   Varian Medical Systems: Ximitry Probe 15CM, 20CM, 27CM

•   Cryo ablation
                 -   Boston Scientific: IceForce 2.1 CX, CX L; IcePearl 2.1 CX, CX L; IceRod 1.5 CX;
             IceSeed 1.5 CX, CX S;Ice Sphere 1.5 CX
                 -   IceCure Medical: ProSense 10G Spheric, Elliptic 14CM, Elliptic 18.5CM; ProSense
           13G Spheric, Elliptic
                 -   Varian Medical Systems: ISOLIS 2.1 E Probe 15CM, 20CM; ISOLIS 2.1 S Probe
            15CM, 20CM; RA Slimline 1.7 15CM, 20CM; RA Slimline 1.7 Round 15CM, 7CM;
          RA Slimline 2.4 15CM, 23CM; RA 3.8 13CM, 28CM; V-Probe

For treatment confirmation (including segmentation and registration), the software is compatible
with all ablation devices as these functions are independent from probes/power settings.


Intended Use / Indications for Use

BioTraceIO Vision is a Computed Tomography (CT) and Magnetic Resonance (MR) image
processing software package available for use with ablation procedures.

BioTraceIO Vision is controlled by the user via a user interface.

BioTraceIO Vision imports images from CT and MR scanners and facility PACS systems for display
and processing during ablation procedures.

BioTraceIO Vision  is used  to assist physicians  in planning ablation procedures, including
identifying ablation targets and virtual ablation needle placement. BioTraceIO Vision is used to
assist physicians in confirming ablation zones.

The software is not intended for diagnosis. The software is not intended to predict ablation volumes
or predict ablation success.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

Both the subject and predicate device are stand-alone software application with tools and features
designed to assist users in planning ablation procedures as well as tools for treatment confirmation.
The use environment for both the subject and predicate device is the Operating Room and the
hospital healthcare environment such as interventional radiology control room.

The software components of the subject and predicate device provide functions for performing
operations related to image display, manipulation, analysis, and quantification, including features
designed to facilitate segmentation of the ablation target and ablation zones.

Both the subject and predicate device have the same six distinct workflow steps:
          •   Data Import
          •   Anatomic Structures Segmentation (Liver, Kidney, Hepatic Vein, Portal Vein, Ablation
           Target)
          •   Instrument Placement (Needle Planning) for Microwave Ablation (MWA) or
           Cryoablation (Cryo) Procedures
          •   Ablation Zone Segmentation
          •   Registration of Pre-Procedure Images
          •   Treatment Confirmation (Registration of Pre- and Post-Interventional Images;
            Quantitative Analysis)

The following technological differences exist between the subject and the predicate device:

The primary difference is the addition of support for kidney ablation procedures (MWA and
cryoablation) using Computed Tomography (CT), whereas the predicate device was limited to liver
ablation procedures using CT and Magnetic Resonance (MR). The modifications include kidneyspecific segmentation algorithms and CT registration algorithms, as well as user interface updates
to  support  ablation  modality  selection  and  cryoablation-specific  visualizations.  The  UI
enhancements introduced for cryoablation are applicable to both kidney and liver cryoablation
procedures. These differences do not raise new questions  of safety or effectiveness, as
performance data demonstrate that BioTraceIO Vision is as safe and effective as the predicate
device.


A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                     SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON TABLE

                        Subject Device               Predicate Device          Comments

                  BioTraceIO Vision (Ver 1.7)        VisAble.IO (Ver 1.4)

                                       Renamed as BioTraceIO
                                                            Vision

 510(k)        TBD                      K240773
 number

 Classification    Class II 892.2050 QTZ, QIH,     Class II 892.2050 QTZ, QIH,    Same
                 LLZ                           LLZ

 Intended Use   The intended patient         The intended patient        Same
                 population is patients chosen   population is patients chosen
                by interventional radiologists   by interventional radiologists
                  to undergo ablation            to undergo ablation
                 treatment (including patients   treatment (including patients
                 with soft tissue lesions).       with soft tissue lesions).

 Indications for  BioTraceIO Vision is a          BioTraceIO Vision (is a        The term “liver”
 Use          Computed Tomography (CT)   Computed Tomography (CT)   was removed from
               and Magnetic Resonance      and Magnetic Resonance      the Indications for
               (MR) image processing        (MR) image processing        Use to reflect
                 software package available     software package available    expanded support
                    for use with ablation            for use with liver ablation       for kidney ablation
                 procedures.                   procedures.                   procedures. Core
                                                                                      functionality
                                                                        remains
                 BioTraceIO Vision is            BioTraceIO Vision is           unchanged;
                  controlled by the user via a     controlled by the user via a     BioTraceIO Vision
                 user interface.                user interface.                 continues to
                                                                            provide image
                                                                              import,
                                                                                          visualization,                 BioTraceIO Vision imports      BioTraceIO Vision imports
                                                                           segmentation,                images from CT and MR       images from CT and MR
                                                                                         registration, and                 scanners and facility PACS      scanners and facility PACS
                                                                             planning tools for                 systems for display and        systems for display and

processing during ablation     processing during liver          ablation
                procedures.                    ablation procedures.           procedures.
                                                                                      Existing liver
                                                                                     registration
                BioTraceIO Vision is used to    BioTraceIO Vision is used to    algorithms were
                   assist physicians in planning     assist physicians in planning    adapted for kidney
                 ablation procedures,           ablation procedures,         anatomy and
                 including identifying ablation   including identifying ablation   segmentation
                 targets and virtual ablation     targets and virtual ablation     algorithms were
               needle placement.            needle placement.            developed for
                BioTraceIO VIsion is used to    BioTraceIO Vision is used to    kidney anatomy.
                   assist physicians in               assist physicians in            These
                confirming ablation zones.     confirming ablation zones.      modifications
                                                                            represent an
              The software is not intended   The software is not intended   extension of
                  for diagnosis. The software is   for diagnosis. The software is   established
               not intended to predict        not intended to predict         functionality and
                 ablation volumes or predict    ablation volumes or predict    do not raise new
                                                ablation success.              questions of safety                 ablation success.
                                                                            or effectiveness.
                                                                      Performance
                                                                                    testing of V1.7
                                                                          supports
                                                                           equivalence to the
                                                                              predicate device.

User             Qualified trained physicians    Qualified trained physicians   Same
Population

Where used    The application’s use         The application’s use        Same
               environment is the Operation  environment is the Operation
            Room and the hospital      Room and the hospital
                healthcare environment such   healthcare environment such
                as interventional radiology     as interventional radiology
                 control room                   control room

Energy Used   None – software only        None – software only        Same
                  application. The software       application. The software
                 application does not deliver    application does not deliver
                or depend on energy          or depend on energy
                 delivered to or from patients   delivered to or from patients

Technological   BioTraceIO Vision is a stand-    BioTraceIO VIsion is a stand-   Same
Characteristics  alone software application     alone software application
                with tools and features        with tools and features
               designed to assist users in     designed to assist users in
                planning ablation procedures   planning liver ablation
                as well as tools for treatment   procedures as well as tools
                 confirmation. The use           for treatment confirmation.
               environment the device is     The use environment the
                the Operating Room and the   device is the Operating Room
                 hospital healthcare          and the hospital healthcare
               environment such as          environment such as

interventional radiology        interventional radiology
                 control room. BioTraceIO       control room. BioTraceIO
                 Vision has six distinct           Vision has six distinct
               workflow steps:              workflow steps:


                         •   Data Import                   •   Data Import
                         •   Anatomic Structures         •   Anatomic Structures
                      Segmentation                Segmentation
                         •   Instrument                    •   Instrument
                      Placement (Needle           Placement (Needle
                        Planning)                      Planning)
                          •   Ablation Zone                •   Ablation Zone
                      Segmentation                Segmentation
                          •   Registration of Pre-         •   Registration of PreProcedure Images           Procedure Images
                         •   Treatment                    •   Treatment
                       Confirmation                 Confirmation
                          (Registration of Pre-            (Registration of Preand Post-                  and PostInterventional                  Interventional
                       Images; Quantitative          Images; Quantitative
                          Analysis)                        Analysis)


Design:          CT, MR                          CT, MR                  Same
Supported
modalities

Design: Data   Window and level, pan,      Window and level, pan,      Same
Visualization    zoom, cross- hairs, slice       zoom, cross- hairs, slice
                 navigation                     navigation

Design; Image   Tools for segmenting 3D        Tools for segmenting 3D VOIs,  Addition of tools
Segmentation   VOIs, including target tissues,   including target tissues,         for segmenting 3D
                  ice ball (for cryoablation),      ablation zones, vessels and     VIOs for kidney.
                 ablation zones, vessels, liver     liver.                       These
              and kidney.                                                   modifications
                                                                            represent an
                                                                            extension of
                                                                               established
                                                                                    functionality and
                                                               do not raise new
                                                                            questions of safety
                                                                            or effectiveness.
                                                                      Performance
                                                                                    testing of V1.7
                                                                          supports
                                                                           equivalence to the
                                                                              predicate device.

Design: Image   Registration of multiple         Registration of multiple      Same
 registration     images and imaging          images and imaging
                  modalities into a single view.   modalities into a single view.

 Design:          Registration of the planning    Registration of the planning   Same
 Ablation zone   scan, containing the            scan, containing the
 confirmation    identified target tissue, with    identified target tissue, with
                 the confirmation scan         the confirmation scan
                showing the ablation zone.    showing the ablation zone.
               The delineated target tissue   The delineated target tissue
              on the planning scan is then   on the planning scan is then
                 projected onto the             projected onto the
                 confirmation scan and         confirmation scan and
                  overlaid onto the delineated    overlaid onto the delineated
                  ablation zone segmentation.    ablation zone segmentation.
                   This helps the user in           This helps the user in
                  analysing if the ablation zone   analysing if the ablation zone
                 covers the target tissue with    covers the target tissue with
                 the desired amount of         the desired amount of
                 margin.                      margin.


Performance Data

BioTraceIO Vision is validated and verified against  its user needs and intended use by the
successful execution of planned performance, functional and algorithmic testing included in this
submission.

The results of performance, functional and algorithmic testing demonstrate that BioTraceIO Vision
meets the user needs and requirements of the device, which are considered to be substantially
equivalent to those of the listed predicate device.

Performance testing (Bench) was performed on the following features, to ensure that performance
and accuracy was as expected:

     •   Segmentation Testing

     •  Image Registration Testing

     •  Measurement and Quantification Testing

The liver segmentation, liver vessel segmentation and kidney segmentation algorithms for CT and
MR (MR for liver only) processing are AI algorithms. The training dataset characteristics are as
follows:


Liver Segmentation Algorithm for CT Processing:
     •   Patients
                 • 1091 contrast-enhanced CT images from arterial or venous phases in axial
              orientation
                 • Age distribution: 50.70 ± 24.14
                 • Sex distribution: 34.58% female, 65.42% male

• Location of clinical sites: Germany, France, Turkey, Japan, Israel, Netherlands,
      Canada, USA, UK
                 • Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading
                 • Number of clinical sites: 38

Liver Segmentation for MR Processing:
     •   Patients
                 • 418 MR images from arterial and venous phase
                 • Age distribution: 64.30 ± 13.99
                 • Sex distribution: 26.86% female, 73.14% male
                 • Location of clinical sites: Central Europe
                 • Imaging procedure: MR images taken for diagnostic reading
                 • Number of clinical sites: 3

Liver Vessel Segmentation Algorithm for CT processing:
     •   Patients
                 • 393 contrast-enhanced CT images from the portal-venous or late venous phases
                  in axial orientation
                 • Age distribution: 51.40 ± 22.81
                 • Sex distribution: 37.43% female, 62.57% male
                 • Location of clinical sites: Central Europe, North America, East Asia
                 • Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading
               in liver diagnosis
                 • Number of clinical sites: 36

Kidney Segmentation for CT processing:

     •   Patients:
                 • 300 contrast-enhanced preoperative CT images in axial orientation
                 • Age distribution: 58.9 ± 13.8
                 • Sex distribution: 40.0% female, 59.7% male, 0.3% other
                 • Location of clinical sites: North America
                 • Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading
            and planning of nephrectomy surgery
                 • Number of clinical sites: 2

The following table provides a summary of the validation results:

 Imaging Modality              Algorithm                   Metric      Performance
                            Organ Segmentation
 CT                   Liver Segmentation              Mean DICE           0.98
 MR                  Liver Segmentation              Mean DICE           0.93
 CT                Kidney Segmentation****          Mean DICE           0.91
                             Ablation Target Segmentation
 CT                   Liver Ablation Target Segmentation   Mean DICE           0.82
                                      1 stroke***    Mean DICE           0.79
                    Kidney Ablation
 CT                                  2 strokes***   Mean DICE           0.79
                     Target Segmentation
                                      3 strokes***   Mean DICE           0.79
 MR                  Liver Ablation Target Segmentation   Mean DICE           0.76
                             Ablation Zone Segmentation
 CT                   Liver Ablation Zone Segmentation    Mean DICE           0.88
                                      1 stroke***    Mean DICE           0.76
                    Kidney Ablation Zone
 CT                                  2 strokes***   Mean DICE           0.77
                    Segmentation
                                      3 strokes***   Mean DICE           0.78
                                      1 stroke***    Mean DICE           0.80
                    Kidney Ice Ball
 CT                                  2 strokes***   Mean DICE           0.81
                    Segmentation
                                      3 strokes***   Mean DICE           0.83
                               Vessel Segmentation
                                            Mean DICE           0.72
                       Liver Vessels Segmentation*
 CT                                         Mean Centerline
                  (HV+PV)                                                  0.76
                                              DICE
                                      Registration
                       Liver Registration Pre-ablation MR –
 CT/MR                                           MCD**              5.04 mm
                      Pre-ablation CT
                    Kidney Registration Diagnostic CT –
 CT                                              MCD**              4.61 mm
                      Pre-ablation CT
                       Liver Registration Pre-ablation CT –
 CT                                              MCD**              4.09 mm
                      Post-ablation CT
                    Kidney Registration Pre-ablation CT
 CT                                              MCD**              3.06 mm
                  – Post-ablation CT
                       Liver Registration Pre-ablation MR –
 CT/MR                                           MCD**              4.75 mm
                      Post-ablation CT

*Liver vessel segmentations range from a minimum of 2nd order branches to a maximum of 6th order branches; **MCD = Mean
corresponding distance; ***Stroke – user input based on defined procedure to draw the strokes as defined in labeling;**** The kidney
segmentation function of the device has been validated on CT images acquired from GE and Siemens scanners only and in patients with
fewer than five (5) renal tumors.


BioTraceIO Vision provides functions including linear distance measurements and volumetric
measurements. The resolution of the medical image data directly affects the ability of the user to
make definitive measurements, especially when the sizes of structures to identify, segment or
measure are near the resolution of the image data. The software’s functions are dependent on the
user actions as well as on the available information in the provided medical image data.

Segmentation tools provided within BioTraceIO Vision include manual and semi-automated
segmentation. The use of the segmentation tools to achieve a satisfactory delineation of ablation
target or ablation zone is a user operation and the clinical accuracy of segmentation is the
responsibility of the user and not a BioTraceIO Vision function.

Registration tools provided within BioTraceIO Vision include automated local rigid registration
within a region of interest around user-segmentations of ablation targets and ablation zones. Final
accuracy of registration  is dependent on user assessment and manual modification of the
registration prior to acceptance, and not a BioTraceIO Vision function.

Measurements of the achieved margins and missed volumes, calculated by comparing the
segmentations, are presented by the system following user acceptance of segmentations and
registration as clinically accurate. Accuracy of linear distance measures calculated by BioTraceIO
Vision are dependent on the image resolution.
Test planning was performed in accordance with standard testing procedures and guidelines as
listed in internal development processes.

Verification and validation testing were carried out as per planned arrangements in the Project Test
Plan and Phase Test Plan(s) to ensure that design outputs meet design inputs and that this edition
of BioTraceIO Vision meets the product acceptance criteria. These are in accordance with the
company's Design Control process in compliance with 21 CFR Part 820.30, which included testing
that fulfills the requirements of FDA "Guidance on Software Contained in Medical Devices" and
adherence to the DICOM standard.

Potential risks were analyzed and satisfactorily mitigated in the device design.

Conclusions

The BioTraceIO Vision (1.7) is as safe and effective as the cleared BioTraceIO Vision (K240773).
The BioTraceIO Vision has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as  its predicate device. The minor differences in
indications do not alter the intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness
when used as labeled. In addition, the minor technological differences between the BioTraceIO
Vision and its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data
demonstrate that the BioTraceIO Vision (1.7) is as safe and effective as the cleared BioTraceIO
Vision (K240773). Thus, the BioTraceIO Vision is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.