December 1, 2025


Canon Medical Systems Corporation
℅ Yoshiaki Cook
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Canon Medical Systems, USA
2441 Michelle Drive
Tustin, California 92780


Re: K251370
    Trade/Device Name:  Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1200
    Regulation Name: Emission Computed Tomography System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KPS, JAK
    Dated: October 8, 2025
    Received: October 8, 2025


Dear Yoshiaki Cook:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251370 - Yoshiaki Cook                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K251370 - Yoshiaki Cook                                                             Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use

  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
                                                                K251370            ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

Cartesion Prime (PCD-1 000A/3) V10 .21


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?

The device is a diagnostic imaging system that combines Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and X-ray
Computed Tomography (CT) systems. The CT component produces cross-sectional images of the body by
computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data. The PET component images the distribution of PET
radiopharmaceuticals in the patient body. The PET component utilizes CT images for attenuation correction
and anatomical reference in the fused PET and CT images.

This device is to be used by a trained health care professional to gather metabolic and functional
information from the distribution of the radiopharmaceutical in the body for the assessment of metabolic and
physiologic functions. This information can assist in the evaluation, detection, localization, diagnosis,
staging, restaging, follow-up, therapeutic planning and therapeutic outcome assessment of (but not limited
to) oncological, cardiovascular, neurological diseases and disorders. Additionally, this device can be
operated independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.

AiCE-i for PET is intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise for FOG whole body data by
employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can explore the statistical properties of the
signal and noise of PET data. The AiCE algorithm can be applied to improve image quality and denoising of
PET images.

Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system, for use with Cartesion Prime PET-CT system, is intended to
automatically generate a gating signal from the list-mode PET data. The generated signal can be used to
reconstruct motion corrected PET images affected by respiratory motion. In addition, a single motion
corrected volume can automatically be generated. Resulting motion corrected PET images can be used to
aid clinicians in detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up of diseases and
disorders, radiotherapy planning, as well as their therapeutic planning, and therapeutic outcome
assessment. Images of lesions in the thorax, abdomen and pelvis are mostly affected by respiratory motion.
Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system may be used with PET radiopharmaceuticals, in patients of all
aQes, with a wide ranQe of sizes body habitus and extenUtype of disease.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     [gJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                               ?                                                                   Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D


Cartesian Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21

510(k) SUMMARY
                                                                K251370     1.     SUBMITTER’S NAME:
             Junichiro Araoka
            Senior Manager, Quality Assurance Department
          Canon Medical Systems Corporation
          1385 Shimoishigami
            Otawara-Shi, Tochigi-ken, Japan 324-8550

     2.     ESTABLISHMENT REGISTRATION:
          9614698

     3.     OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT/CONTACT PERSON:
             Yoshiaki Cook
               Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
          Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc
          2441 Michelle Drive
              Tustin, CA 92780
            (657) 270-5595

     4.     DATE PREPARED:
         May 2, 2025

     5.    TRADE NAME(S):
            Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21

     6.   COMMON NAME:
            System, Emission Computed Tomography
            System, X-ray, Computed Tomography System


     7.     DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:
              Classification Name: Emission Computed Tomography X-ray system
            Regulation Number: 21 CFR §892.1200
            Regulatory Class: Class II

              Classification Name: Computed Tomography X-ray system
            Regulation Number: 21 CFR §892.1750
            Regulatory Class: Class II


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780    PHONE: 800-421-1968

https://us.medical.canon
                                              Page 1 of 7

8.    PRODUCT CODE:
           90KPS
           90JAK

     9.    PERFORMANCE STANDARD:
             This device conforms to applicable Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting
            Products [21 CFR, Subchapter J, Part 1020]


     10.    PREDICATE DEVICE:
             Product           Marketed by     Regulation    Regulation    Product  510(k)   Clearance
                                        Number    Name       Code    Number  Date
              Cartesion Prime     Canon Medical   21 CFR       Emission     KPS     K231748  September
            (PCD-1000A/3)      Systems USA     892.1200    Computed                          12, 2023
            V10.15                                      Tomography
                                                           System


     11.   REASON FOR SUBMISSION:
            Modification of a cleared device

     12.    DEVICE DESCRIPTION:
          The Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21 combines a high-end CT and a high-throughput PET
            designed to acquire CT, PET and fusion images.

           The high-end CT system is a multi-slice helical CT scanner with a gantry aperture of 780 mm and a
         maximum scan field of view (FOV) of 700 mm. The high-throughput PET system has a digital PET
            detector utilizing SiPM sensors with temporal resolution of < 250 ps (238 ps typical). Cartesion
           Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21 is intended to acquire PET images of any desired region of the whole
          body and CT images of the same region (to be used for attenuation correction or image fusion), to
            detect the location of positron emitting radiopharmaceuticals in the body with the obtained
            images. This device is used to gather the metabolic and functional information from the
             distribution of radiopharmaceuticals in the body for the assessment of metabolic and physiologic
             functions. This information can assist research, detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis,
              staging, restaging, follow-up of diseases and disorders, as well as their therapeutic planning, and
            therapeutic outcome assessment. This device can also function independently as a whole body
              multi-slice CT scanner.

           The subject device incorporates the latest reconstruction technology, AiCE-i for PET (Advanced
              Intelligent Clear-IQ Engine- integrated), intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise
             for FDG whole body data by employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can
          more fully explore the statistical properties of the signal and noise of PET data. The AiCE algorithm
               will be able to better differentiate signal from noise and can be applied to improve image quality
          and denoising of PET images compared to conventional PET imaging reconstruction.


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780    PHONE: 800-421-1968

https://us.medical.canon
                                              Page 2 of 7

A Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system has been implemented for use with the
        subject device. With this subject device, respiration is extracted using a pre-trained neural
       network. Respiratory-gated reconstruction is performed at a speed equal to or faster
       than that with "Normal".

13.    INDICATIONS FOR USE:
       The device is a diagnostic imaging system that combines Positron Emission Tomography (PET)
      and X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) systems. The CT component produces cross-sectional
       images of the body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data. The PET component
       images the distribution of PET radiopharmaceuticals in the patient body. The PET component
         utilizes CT images for attenuation correction and anatomical reference in the fused PET and CT
       images.

        This device is to be used by a trained health care professional to gather metabolic and functional
       information from the distribution of the radiopharmaceutical in the body for the assessment of
       metabolic and physiologic functions. This information can assist in the evaluation, detection,
         localization, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up, therapeutic planning and therapeutic
      outcome assessment of (but not limited to) oncological, cardiovascular, neurological diseases
      and disorders. Additionally, this device can be operated independently as a whole body multislice CT scanner.

        AiCE-i for PET is intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise for FDG whole body
       data by employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can explore the
         statistical properties of the signal and noise of PET data. The AiCE algorithm can be applied to
       improve image quality and denoising of PET images.

        Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system, for use with Cartesion Prime PET-CT system, is
       intended to automatically generate a gating signal from the list-mode PET data. The generated
        signal can be used to reconstruct motion corrected PET images affected by respiratory motion.
        In addition, a single motion corrected volume can automatically be generated. Resulting motion
        corrected PET images can be used to aid clinicians in detection, localization, evaluation,
        diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up of diseases and disorders, radiotherapy planning, as well
        as their therapeutic planning, and therapeutic outcome assessment. Images of lesions in the
        thorax, abdomen and pelvis are mostly affected by respiratory motion. Deviceless PET
        Respiratory gating system may be used with PET radiopharmaceuticals, in patients of all ages,
       with a wide range of sizes, body habitus, and extent/type of disease.

14.    SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:
       The Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21 is substantially equivalent to Cartesion Prime (PCD-
       1000A/3) V10.15, which received premarket clearance under K231748, and is currently marketed
       by Canon Medical Systems USA.

       The subject and predicate devices are the same with the only differences being, expansion of the
       use of AiCE-i for PET with pediatric imaging and allowing for user-selectable intensity settings as
       opposed to simply selecting ‘on/off’, and implementation of a deep-learning artificial neural
       network based Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system that analyzes respiratory motion in order
        to reconstruct motion-corrected PET images.


                                                                                                              Page 3 of 7

A comparison of the technological characteristics between the subject and the predicate device is
        included below.


                                        Subject Device                       Predicate Device
         Device Name,                  Cartesion Prime                       Cartesion Prime
       Model Number            (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21               (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15
         510(k) Number                 This submission                       K231748
         Deviceless PET     Mode Setting:                  Mode Setting:
         Respiratory gating   AI                               Normal
        system
          AiCE-i for PET        Pediatric Imaging: Available             Pediatric Imaging: Not Available

                                Intensity Settings:                       Intensity Settings:
                           Smooth, Standard, Sharp            ON/OFF


15.    SAFETY:
       The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined in
      21 CFR § 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. This device is in conformance with the applicable parts
        of the following standards IEC60601-1, IEC60601-1-2, IEC60601-1-3, IEC60601-1-6, IEC60601-2-
        28, IEC60601-2-44, IEC60825-1, IEC62304, IEC81001-5-1, IEC62366-1, NEMA XR-25, NEMA XR-
        26, NEMA XR-29 and NEMA NU-2. Additionally, this device complies with all applicable
       requirements of the radiation safety performance standards, as outlined in 21 CFR §1010 and
       §1020.

16.    TESTING
        Risk analysis and verification/validation activities conducted through bench testing demonstrate
        that the established specifications for the device have been met.

        16.a.   AiCE-i for PET (AiCE2)
                This feature employs a deep learning artificial neural network method to improve image
                 quality and denoise PET images. This algorithm was developed to explore the statistical
                properties of signal and noise of input PET images and was trained to automatically
              adapt to different noise levels to produce consistently high-quality images. The
             improvement to the algorithm implemented in AiCE2 incorporated a different training
             methodology relative to the previous version, in order to achieve the development of
               Sharp, Standard and Smooth intensity settings, although the training data remained
                  identical. From the original training dataset, a subset was assembled using FDG studies
                of sixteen (16) cancer patients (BMI: 19.5-34.5) over half of which were acquired from
               the U.S. and selected to cover a wide range of representative anatomy.

              Performance Testing – AiCE for PET Pediatric Use
           A series of bench tests was conducted to support marketing claims associated with the
              use of AiCE for PET for pediatric imaging. This optional pediatric imaging function
              demonstrates equivalence to the currently cleared imaging methods with regards to:
               Contrast Recovery Coefficient (CRC), Background Variability (BGV) and Contrast to Noise
                Ratio (CNR), absence of artifacts, and the quantitativity (SUVmean) for the intended
                pediatric use.


                                                                                                              Page 4 of 7

Performance Testing – AiCE for PET Image Intensity
      A series of bench tests was conducted to support marketing claims associated with the
        tiered imaging intensity function (as opposed to the previously cleared “on/off”
        function). This method has been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to the
        current method of image intensity, and, with respect to quantitative parameters such as
       accuracy of SUV (max and mean) and tumor volume, is improved over the current image
        intensity setting.

       Performance Testing - Substantial equivalence between AiCE2 and AiCE1
      Phantom testing in accordance with NEMA NU-2, Section 7 was conducted in order to
      compare the Sharp, Standard and Smooth intensity settings available with AiCE2 to
        AiCE1, using a 10 mm sphere target to measure SUVmean, background variability (BGV),
        contrast recovery coefficient (CRC), and signal to noise ratio (SNR (with Std error)) and
      compare the values between both versions of AiCE-i for PET. The results across all
        indices demonstrated either equivalence or improvement by AiCE2.

        Additional phantom studies were conducted using 1) the Adult and Pediatric NEMA
      phantoms to confirm that the 10 mm CRC, BGV, and CNR of the Sharp, Standard and
      Smooth intensity settings available with AiCE2 are substantially equivalent to AiCE1, 2)
       the Small Pool phantom in order to confirm that the quantified SUVmean is equivalent
      between both versions, and 3) the Pediatric NEMA phantom and Small Pool Phantom to
       confirm that there are no artifacts in the images reconstructed with either version of
        AiCE-i for PET. The results of these studies demonstrated equivalent performance
      between AiCE1 and AiCE2, with respect to the preservation of contrast and improving
        noise levels relative to conventional imaging methods.

       Performance Testing – Representative Clinical Images
       Three (3) physicians having at least 20 years of experience in nuclear medicine
       evaluated the performance of Sharp, Smooth, and Standard intensity settings of AiCE2
        using ten (10) PET DICOM clinical 18F-FDG whole body cases, compared to OSEM and
       Gaussian filter methods. All three physicians reported that AiCE2 images at all three
        intensity settings were of diagnostic quality and consistent across all 10 cases,
       determined to perform better with respect to overall image quality and image
        sharpness, as well as exhibit lower image noise compared to the predicate methods.

        This validation dataset was entirely independent of the dataset used for training the
       algorithm during its development and was acquired from a total of 10 male and female
        patients and selected to cover characteristics common to the intended U.S. patient
       population by including a range of body mass indices, from 20.5 to 38.7, and by the
        inclusion of cases characterized by small lesions with lower level of FDG uptake.

16.b.   Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system (DRG2)
        This feature employs an algorithm which uses a neural network to extract motion
       information from acquired PET data and to generate a corresponding gating signal
       which can be used to reduce the effects of respiratory motion, thereby improving the
       image quality of reconstructed PET images. This neural network was trained on FDG
        studies of 27 cancer patients (BMI: 19.82-45.35, 3 instances unknown) acquired entirely
       from the U.S. and selected to be representative of both sexes as well as a wide range of
       scan characteristics.

                                                                                                     Page 5 of 7

Performance Testing – Deviceless PET Respiratory gating System Operational Mode
           A series of bench tests was conducted to support marketing claims associated with the
                AI operating system of the Deviceless PET Respiratory gating system. This system has
             been demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to the current method of respiratory
                 gating, using an external device, and, with respect to quantitative parameters such as
               accuracy of SUV (max and mean) and tumor volume, is improved over the current
               device-based gating method.

              Performance Testing – Substantial equivalence between DRG2 and DRG1
                This evaluation used reconstructed clinical raw data acquired from 11 total male and
              female patients (BMI: 17.7-38.7), each with a representative lesion and covering a range
                of breathing rates. This dataset was entirely independent of the dataset used for
                 training the algorithm. The primary objective of this evaluation was to demonstrate
               equivalency between deviceless PET respiratory gating with the new AI mode setting
              (DRG2) and predicate deviceless PET respiratory gating functionality (DRG1), by
              comparison of the quantified outputs on high uptake regions (e.g., lesions) of the
               reconstructed datasets. By satisfying all prespecified criteria, it was demonstrated that
           DRG2 performs with substantial equivalence to DRG1.

              Performance Testing – Representative Clinical Images
              Three (3) physicians having at least 20 years of experience in nuclear medicine
               evaluated the respiratory gated images of ten (10) patients using Deviceless PET
               Respiratory gating system, non-gated images and those using device-base gating. All
               three (3) physicians determined that all images were of diagnostic quality and deviceless
              gated images demonstrated similar or better performance as device-based gated
              images and resulted in better motion correction compared to non-gated images.

                This validation dataset was entirely independent of the dataset used for training the
               algorithm during its development and consisted of 10 total male and female patients,
               selected to cover characteristics common to the intended U.S. patient population,
                including a range of body mass indices, from 18.9 to 38.7, and cases including
               representative tumors and lesions.

       Software Documentation for a Basic Documentation Level, per the FDA guidance document, “Content
        of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” issued on June 14, 2023, is included in this
        submission. This documentation includes justification for the Basic Documentation Level
       determination as well as testing which demonstrates that the verification and validation
       requirements have been met.

        Cybersecurity documentation, per the FDA guidance document “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices:
        Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions”, issued on September 27,
       2023, was included in this submission.

17.    CONCLUSION
       The Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.21 performs in a manner similar to and is intended for
       the same use as the predicate device, as indicated in product labeling. Based upon this
        information, conformance to standards, successful completion of software validation,
        application of risk management and design controls and the performance data presented in this


                                                                                                              Page 6 of 7

submission it is concluded that the subject device has demonstrated substantial equivalence to
the predicate device and is as safe and effective for its intended use.


                                                                                                     Page 7 of 7