July 24, 2025

Philips Ultrasound LLC
Patricia Beauregard
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Highway
Bothell, Washington 98021


Re: K251455
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System; Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
                      System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH, OBJ
    Dated: June 24, 2025
    Received: June 24, 2025


Dear Patricia Beauregard:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251455 - Patricia Beauregard                                                         Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251455 - Patricia Beauregard                                                         Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                   YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                  K251455            ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System;
 Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?I
 EPIQ:
The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, lntraoperative (Vascular), lntraoperative (Cardiac),
 intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic,
Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal
 (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode,
Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.
The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include clinics,
 hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with
image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and
 live echo guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures
and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by
appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However,
nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best
 clinical procedure.

 Affiniti:
The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, lntraoperative (Vascular), lntraoperative (Cardiac),
 Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel,
Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode,
Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.
The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
 hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients. The systems are intended to be installed, used,
and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating instructions given in the product
user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the
purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your
 responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.


EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

-
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as      IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                                ?                                                                  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D


EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

Special 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.
510(k) Number:      K251455

Date Prepared: July 23, 2025


      I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and        Philips Ultrasound LLC
        Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy Bothell,
                       WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information            Patricia Beauregard
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                  +1 (425) 908-2517

        Secondary Contact             Erdit Gremi
                                             Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Philips Ultrasound LLC
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                              Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 798-8092

      II.     Device

         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                         Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name                Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Regulation Description        Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                   Primary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                                                   892.1550       IYN
                                            ultrasonic
                                 Secondary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                                                   892.1560      IYO
                                            ultrasonic
                                       Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic   892.1570       ITX
                                   Automated Radiological Image
                                                                   892.2050      QIH
                                      Processing Software
                                        Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200      OBJ*
                               *EPIQ only

        Device Class                 Class II

       Review Panel                 Radiology

        Predicate Device             K240850; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

        Predicate Regulation Description
                                         Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                    Primary


                                                    1

System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                                          892.1550       IYN
                                 ultrasonic
                        Secondary
                           System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                                          892.1560      IYO
                                 ultrasonic
                             Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic   892.1570       ITX
                          Automated Radiological Image
                                                          892.2050      QIH                            Processing Software
                             Catheter, Ultrasound, Intravascular  870.1200      OBJ*
                      *EPIQ only


Reference Device:    K243235, LVivo Application (Auto EF Feature)

Device & Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System – classified as
Class 2 QIH, Regulation Number 21 CFR 892.2050 LVivo Software Application


                                         2

III.     Device Description

The purpose of this 510(k) Pre-market Notification is to introduce the SVS v2 Contrast software
 application with the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems as part of the VM13.0
 program.

 SVS v2 Contrast is an automated software feature that assists in the selection of images for analysis
 with the new Philips license options 2D Auto EF Advanced (Adv) developed by DiA Imaging Analysis
 (K243235), now part of Philips Ultrasound LLC, and existing Philips license options AutoStrain LV; or
 2D Auto LV (both K240850) license application in Adult Echo Transthoracic (TTE) examinations.

 As described in 510(k) K240850, this feature automatically classifies each acquired image by view
 and selects an appropriate set of images for Left ventricle (LV) analysis. The classification is based
 on a Deep Learning AI inference engine; the selection is a non-AI algorithm that considers the view
 classification and image depth to select the optimal set of images. The difference in SVS v2 Contrast
 from the predicate SVS v1 (K240850) is that the algorithm is revised to include the selection of optimal
 images for analysis when contrast is used in routine TTE exams.

 Users can launch existing 2D Auto EF; 2D Auto EF Adv; AutoStrain LV; or 2D Auto LV with the set of
 images that have been automatically selected without the need to review the acquired images and
 manually select the views. Users may select 2D Auto EF Adv, to process the selected views by SVS
 v2 Contrast. SVS v2 Contrast prioritizes the contrast image pair; however, if an appropriate pair of
 contrast images is not found, then Auto EF Adv may select non-contrast images. The manual approach
 to select views is still available and the user can override automatically selected images from SVS v2
 Contrast.

No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems are required when
 using SVS v2 Contrast, and existing, cleared Philips TTE transducers.

The SVS v2 Contrast feature is supported by all EPIQ models running software version 13.0 or higher
 including EPIQ CVx/CVxi, EPIQ Elite Advanced, EPIQ Elite, EPIQ 7, EPIQ 5. The SVS v2 Contrast
 feature is supported by the Affiniti models running software version VM13.0 or higher, including Affiniti
CVx, Affiniti 70, Affiniti 50, and Affiniti 30. The SVS v2 Contrast feature is associated with the cardiac
 adult indication.

 IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use

EPIQ Intended Use

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
 analysis of the human body.

EPIQ Indications for Use:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
 analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

 Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
 Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),
 intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal  (Superficial),
 Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),
Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
 Doppler and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
 clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
 with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
 X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety


                                                 3

procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated
only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement
and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the modification
of the SVS v2 Contrast software application. This software application is associated with the Cardiac
Adult indication.

Affiniti Intended Use:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body.

Affiniti Indications for Use:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
Doppler and Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information.

Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for
which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility
for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the Affiniti Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to the
modification of the SVS v2 Contrast software application. This software application is associated with
the Cardiac Adult indication.


                                                4

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate

     The purpose of the submission is to introduce the SVS v2 software application feature with SVS v2 Contrast to both the EPIQ and
        Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems. The subject devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices (K240850).


                                                                                                       LVivo Software
                                                         EPIQ & Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound          Application
               EPIQ & Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound                   Systems                       Feature: Auto EF
                   System Feature: SVS v2 Contrast                        K240850                        K243235

   Feature                 Proposed Device                                 Predicate Device                   Reference Device         Comparison
                Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal),    Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal),    LVivo platform is            No change
                Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic     Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic      intended for non-
                    (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,         (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,        invasive processing of
                 Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular),           Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular),           ultrasound images to
                  Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-         Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-luminal, intra-         detect, measure, and
                 cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional),      cardiac echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional),       calculate relevant
Indications for                 Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other:   Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other:   medical parameters of
Use                 Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ   Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ   structures and function
                  (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal        (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal         of patients with
                  (Cardiac), Transrectal,                              (Cardiac), Transrectal,                          suspected disease. In
                  Transvaginal, Lung                                 Transvaginal, Lung                                   addition, it has the ability
                                                                                                                                   to provide Quality Score
                                                                                                             feedback

                 Trained healthcare professionals                   Trained healthcare professionals                   Trained healthcare           No change
                                                                                                                            professionals
                                                                Intended for sonographers, physicians who operate
                Intended for sonographers, physicians who       and maintain your product.
                operate and maintain your product.
Intended                                                       Before use of the system and user information,
Users           Before use of the system and user information,     the user must be familiar with ultrasound
                 the user must be familiar with ultrasound            techniques. Sonography training and clinical
                 techniques. Sonography training and clinical        procedures are not included in the User Manual or
                procedures are not included in the User Manual or   with the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic
                  with the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic         Ultrasound System.
                 Ultrasound System.

                    Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for        Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for       Professional healthcare        No changeIntended User
                 diagnosis of patients.                              diagnosis of patients.                            environmentsEnvironment

USA FDA       Class II                                        Class II                                        Class II                  No change
Classification
Primary        IYN                                         IYN                                      QIH                     No change
Product Code
                  Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging                   Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging                 Medical image             No changePrimary
               system                                      system                                  management andRegulation
                                                                                                                processing systemName

Primary        21 CFR 892.1550                            21 CFR 892.1550                            21 CFR 892.2050           No change
Regulation
Number


                                                                      5

LVivo Software
                                                         EPIQ & Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound         Application
                EPIQ & Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound                  Systems                       Feature: Auto
                    System Feature: SVS v2 Contrast                      K240850                   EF K243235

     Feature                 Proposed Device                               Predicate Device                 Reference Device         Comparison
 Secondary      ITX                                           ITX                                       N/A                    No change
 Product Codes  IYO                                       IYO
              OBJ                                  OBJ
               QIH                                     QIH
 Secondary       Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer                   Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer Ultrasonic      N/A                    No change
 Regulation       Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging system             pulsed echo imaging system Diagnostic
 Name
                   Diagnostic intravascular catheter                    intravascular catheter
                  Medical image management and processing       Medical image management and processing
                system                                      system


 Secondary      21 CFR 892.1570                                                                      N/A                    No change
 Regulation      21 CFR 892.1560                            21 CFR 892.1570
 Number        21 CFR 870.1200                            21 CFR 892.1560
                21 CFR 892.2050                            21 CFR 870.1200
                                                         21 CFR 892.2050
 Reusable-      Yes                                       Yes                                       No, software-feature         No change
 Systems and
 Transducers
                   Limited (≤ 24 hours)                               Limited (≤ 24 hours)                            N/A, software-feature        No change Duration of use
                Smart View  Select  is an automated  software  Predicate integrates the LVivo seamless         LVivo platform is       The algorithm is
                    feature that assists the user in selection of images  algorithm (K212466) to introduce Smart View     intended for non-         revised to include the
                      for analysis with the existing Philips AutoStrain LV  Select (SVS) on the EPIQ Series Diagnostic      invasive processing of    selection of optimal
                    or 2D Auto LV (K240850) application in Adult Echo  Ultrasound System. SVS is an automated        ultrasound images to    images for analysis
                   Transthoracic (TTE) examination.                  software feature that assists the user in           detect, measure, and    when contrast is used
                                                                        selection of optimal images for analysis with the  calculate relevant          in routine TTE exams.
                 Users can launch existing 2D Auto EF; 2D Auto EF  existing Pillips AutoStrain LV or 2D Auto LV      medical parameters of
               Adv (submitted K251110) or AutoStrain LV; or 2D  (both K240850)                                   structures and function
                 Auto LV (both K240850) with the set of images that                                                       of patients with
                have been automatically selected without the need                                                       The LVivo contains the functionality introduced   suspected diseases. In
                     to review the acquired images and manually select                                                                                      for                                                  addition, it has the
                   the views. Users may select 2D Auto EF Adv, to                                                                             (1) automatic selection of 4CH,2CH, and 3CH     ability to provide Quality
                 process the selected views by SVS v2 Contrast.                                                                views for left ventricle (LV) analysis or (2)       Score feedback
             SVS v2 Contrast prioritizes the contrast image pair;                                                                    (semi- automated segmental wall motion
 Application      however, if an appropriate pair of contrast images  evaluation of the left ventricle (LV).
 Description        is not found, then Auto EF Adv may select noncontrast images. The manual approach to select
                  views is  still available and
                   the  user can  override  automatically   selected
                 images from SVS v2 Contrast.
Deep Neural      LVivo   Seamless AI        neural network        LVivo Seamless AI neural network              LVivo Seamless AI     No change
Network                                                                                                           neural network


                                                                        6

VI.     Safety Considerations

           The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems, including SVS v2 Contrast
             software application, and compatible transducers are  all Track 3 Devices and comply with the
             referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document, Guidance for Industry and
         FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers (February 2023).

                VII.     Nonclinical Performance Data

           The proposed modification of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems was tested
                in accordance with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per the
              following standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:
                  •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
                  •  IEC 62366-1 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices
                      Edition 1.1 2020-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION
                  •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

              Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
             provided to support the introduction of the subject SVS v2 Contrast software applications. The activities
               to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision included, but are not limited to,
             the following:
                  •   Requirements Review
                  •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
                  •   Product Specification Review
                  •   Design Reviews

              In addition, a retrospective data study, utilizing previously acquired exams (including contrast and noncontrast clips) with TTE transducers, was conducted to evaluate the performance of SVS v2 Contrast
             workflow.
          To ensure data separation between development and testing data, the data set to which each exam
            belongs was identified.
          The study was conducted as a sub analysis of the data used for FDA (K240850) on ultrasound
            examination acquired with Philips ultrasound systems.

         One sonographer (reviewer) participated in the manual selection of clips from subject exams, which
           were subsequently automatically processed within Contrast EF application for EF output. The automated
         EF results from processing manually selected contrast clips served as ground truth. The ground truth
          was generated as part of K243235 submission. Additionally, the manually selected clips were measured
           by 3 sonographers following a physicians review. This clinical ground truth was also created as part of
           K243235. The same exams were processed  through the SVS v2 Contrast workflow for automatic
             selection of appropriate clips and subsequent output of EF within the Contrast EF application

          The automatically calculated Biplane EF and the Biplane EF calculated by manual tracing as the ground truth
           were compared to the automatically obtained Biplane EF results with SVS selected clips. The primary
            endpoint for the study was the correlation between Biplane EF measured via manual contrast clip selection
           and compared to auto (SVS) contrast clip selection and Biplane EF output. A review of the published
               literature1 and previous regulatory submissions (K130779, K232500) informed the acceptance criteria for
             the study to be defined as Lower Confidence Bound for the Pearson’s correlation coefficient to be >0.8.


1 Maret, E. B. (2008). Computer-assisted determination of left ventricular endocardial borders reduces
variability in the echocardiographic assessment of ejection fraction. Cardiovascular Ultrasound, 6(1), 1-
14.


                                                              7

Results:

            The results from the primary endpoint assessment

                                                      Table 1. Primary Endpoint:
                    Pearson’s correlation analysis for Biplane EF – SVS Selected (Automated) vs Biplane EF
                                                                     - Manually Selected (Ground Truth)

                                                                                  Pearson's correlation
  Outcomes Comparison                                 N                coefficient (r) (95% CI)              p-value
   Biplane EF - SVS Selected (Automated) vs Biplane EF - Manually          46              0.953 (0.917, 0.974)                <.0001
   Selected (Ground Truth)


                In addition, Bland-Altman analysis was performed for automatic selection of appropriate clips by the SVS
               software and subsequent output of Biplane EF with SVS compared to the results of the Biplane EF from
              manually selected contrast clips served as ground truth. The data are presented in Table 2.

        Table 2. Primary Endpoint: Agreement Assessment by Bland-Altman Analysis for Biplane EF - SVS (Automated) vs
                                       Biplane EF - Manually Selected (Ground Truth)


                               Mean Difference ± SD   95 % CI for Mean
 Outcomes Comparison                              (n)                Difference     Lower LoA (95% CI) Upper LoA (95% CI)
 EF - SVS Selected (Automated) vs EF -      0.71 ± 4.36 (46)          -0.58 , 2.01       -7.83 (-10.06, -5.60)    9.26 (7.03, 11.49)
  Manually Selected (Ground Truth)


              Table 3. Pearson’s correlation analysis for Biplane EF – SVS Selected (Automated) vs Biplane EF – by Manual
                                                        Tracing (Ground Truth)


                                                                                    Pearson's correlation
             Outcomes Comparison                      N                   coefficient (r) (95% CI)             p-Value

EF–SVS Selected (Automated) vs EF–Manually Tracing                 46                  0.938 (0.890, 0.965)               <.0001
(Ground Truth)


   Table 4. Agreement Assessment by Bland-Altman Analysis for Biplane EF - SVS (Automated) vs Biplane EF – Manual Tracing
                                                 (Ground Truth)


                               Mean Difference ± SD   95 % CI for Mean
Outcomes Comparison                               (n)                Difference      Lower LoA (95% CI)  Upper LoA (95% CI)
EF - SVS Selected (Automated) vs EF -        1.22 ± 5.22 (46)            -0.33, 2.77        -9.01 (-11.67, -6.34)    11.45 (8.78, 14.11)
Manually Tracing (Ground Truth)


          A total of 60 subjects were in the initial cohort for the study. The study sample size was 56, with 10 samples
              being non-reportable.. The evaluable study sample included a total of 46 subjects. Gender data was available
                  for 53(88.3%) of the patients. 20/53 (37.7%) were female and 33/53 (62.3%) were male. Age ranged from 20
                to 87 years of age.

              For 7 patient exams collected from first site outside USA, the average age was 64±10.6 years old. For the
             second site in the USA, the average age was 63±15.8 years old, average BMI was 31.9±8, range 17.9 to 54.

            Race information was available for total of 47/53 (88.7%) patient examinations collected from USA, among
            them 19/47 (40.4%) were indicated as Black or African Americans, 20/47 (42.6%) were indicated as white,
            and 2/47 (4.26%) were Asian and 6/47(12.8%) had unknown race information.


                                                                8

Pearson’s correlation analysis for EF by AutoEF Contrast – SVS Selected clips (Automated) vs EF by
AutoEF Contrast on Manually Selected clips (Ground Truth) stratified by demographics and systolic
                                         function (n=46)


    Outcomes Comparison          N                Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) (95% CI)
     Gender

         Male                         32                            0.943 (0.885, 0.972)

        Female                       14                            0.973 (0.915, 0.992)

      Systolic Function

         Normal                       24                            0.926 (0.833, 0.968)

         Abnormal                      22                            0.923 (0.822, 0.968)


         Conclusions:

        As shown in Table 1, the acceptance criteria for the primary endpoint were met, specifically the Pearson’s
            correlation coefficient and associated confidence intervals are 0.953 (95% CI 0.917, 0.974) for the Biplane EF
         measurement. The results presented above in Table 2 for Bland-Altman agreement demonstrate acceptable
          performance for automatic selection of appropriate clips by SVS software and subsequent output of Contrast
         Enhanced Biplane EF feature (which is part of the VM13 release, and the 2D Auto EF Adv product) compared
            to the results of Contrast Enhanced Biplane EF from manually selected contrast clips which severed as ground
             truth. Taken together, success of the primary endpoint and supporting additional analyses indicate that the
           safety and effectiveness of the proposed subject software, SVS, is acceptable and aligns with the previously
           reported performance.


               VIII.    Clinical Data

          There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series
           Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with SVS v2 Contrast software application.


             IX.      Sterilization
          Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.


           X.     Conclusion

           For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
          proposed subject device meets its intended use and supports a determination that the proposed subject
           device does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

           Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications
              for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and effectiveness.


                                                            9