September 23, 2025

AIRS Medical Inc.
HaeRi Lee
RA Manager
13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu
Seoul, 06142
Republic of Korea

Re: K251483
    Trade/Device Name:  SwiftSight-Brain
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: August 25, 2025
    Received: August 25, 2025

Dear HaeRi Lee:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251483 - Lee HaeRi                                                                 Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251483 - Lee HaeRi                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251483

Device Name
SwiftSight-Brain


Indications for Use (Describe)
This device is intended for automatic labelling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures
and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric data may be compared to reference percentile data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251483
                                                                          AIRS Medical Inc.
                                                                                                                    13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnamgu, Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
                                                                                                www.airsmed.com

                                         Date of the 510(k) summary preparation: September 18th, 2025
510(k) Summary


This 510(k) Summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.


      1.   Submitter
           Name: AIRS Medical Inc.
           Address: 13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
           Phone: +82-10-4820-5200
           FAX: +82-2-6280-3185

      2.   Contact person
           Name: HaeRi Lee
            Position: RA Manager
            Email: lee.haeri@airsmed.com

      3.   Device information
           Device trade name: SwiftSight-Brain
           Model name: SS25-BR-CL
           Primary product specifications
           -    Regulation No. 21 CFR 892.2050
           -    Device class: Class II
           -    Product code: QIH
           -     Classification name: Automated radiological image processing software
           Associated product specifications
           -    Regulation No. 21 CFR 892.2050
           -    Device class: Class II
           -    Product code: LLZ
           -     Classification name: System, image processing, radiological

      4.   Predicate device
           Device trade name: Neurophet AQUA (V3.1)
           510(k) number: K242215
           Product specification
           -    Regulation No. 21 CFR 892.2050
           -     Classification: Class II
           -    Product code: QIH, LLZ

      5.   Device description
            SwiftSight-Brain is a fully automated MR image analysis software that provides automatic labeling,
             visualization, and volumetric quantification of brain structures from a set of MR images and
                                         1

AIRS Medical Inc.
                                                                                                            13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnamgu, Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
                                                                                         www.airsmed.com

       returns segmented images and morphometric reports. The resulting output is provided in
      morphometric reports that can be displayed on Picture Archive and Communications Systems
       (PACS). The high throughput capability makes the software suitable for use in routine patient care
      as a support tool for clinicians in assessment of structural MRIs.

       SwiftSight-Brain provides morphometric measurements based on 3D T1 weighted MRI series. The
      output of the software includes volumes that have been annotated with color overlays, with each
       color representing a particular segmented region, and morphometric reports that provide
      comparison of measured volumes to age and gender-matched reference percentile data. In
       addition, the adjunctive use of the T2 weighted FLAIR MR series allows for improved identification
       of some brain abnormalities such as lesions, which are often associated with T2 weighted FLAIR
       hyperintensities.

       SwiftSight-Brain processing architecture includes a proprietary automated internal pipeline that
      performs segmentation, volume calculation and report generation.

     The results are displayed in a dedicated graphical user interface, allowing the user to:
                    Browse the segmentations and the measures
                    Compare the results of segmented brain structures to a reference healthy population
                    Read, download and print a PDF report
       Additionally, automated safety measures include automated quality control functions, such as scan
      protocol verification, which validate that the imaging protocols adhere to system requirements.

6.   Indications for Use
     This device  is intended for automatic labelling, visualization and volumetric quantification of
     segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Volumetric data may be compared
     to reference percentile data.

7.   Comparison of technological characteristics with the predicate device
    The table below compares SwiftSight-Brain (subject device) with Neurophet AQUA V3.1
     (predicate device, K242215).
    Comparison table

                                                                                            Substantial
                              Subject device                  Predicate device
                                                                                      Equivalence
      Device name             SwiftSight-Brain             Neurophet AQUA V3.1                   -
         510(k)                               -                        K242215                             -
     Manufacturer          AIRS Medical Inc.              NEUROPHET, Inc                       -
     Product code               QIH, LLZ                        QIH, LLZ              Same
                       This device is intended for        Neurophet AQUA is intended for
                     automatic labelling,              automatic labeling, visualization
                         visualization and volumetric      and volumetric quantification of
      Indications for
                        quantification of segmentable     segmentable brain structures        Same
         use
                       brain structures and lesions      and lesions from a set of MR
                   from a set of MR images.          images. Volumetric data may be
                      Volumetric data may be         compared to reference

                                     2

AIRS Medical Inc.
                                                                                                     13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnamgu, Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
                                                                                    www.airsmed.com

                                                                                        Substantial
                          Subject device                  Predicate device
                                                                                  Equivalence
               compared to reference            percentile data.
                   percentile data.
     Target
                                Brain                             Brain               Same
anatomical sites
                          Automated measurement of        Automated measurement of
                    brain tissue volumes,              brain tissue volumes,
  Design and
                     structures, and lesions             structures, and lesions
  incorporated                                                          Same
                          Automatic segmentation and        Automatic segmentation and
  technology
                    quantification of brain             quantification of brain
                    structures using deep learning     structures using deep learning
                          Software package                      Software package
    Physical
                          Operates on off-the shelf             Operates on off-the shelf          Same
 characteristics
                 hardware (multiple vendors)      hardware (multiple vendors)
   Operation
                       Windows                   Windows              Same
    system
               Automated internal pipeline      Automated internal pipeline
                  that performs:                    that performs:
   Processing
                          segmentation                           segmentation                  Same
  architecture
                          volume calculation                     volume calculation
                          report generation                      report generation
                          MRI scanner: 3D T1 and FLAIR      MRI scanner: 3D T1 and FLAIR
               MRI scans acquired with        MRI scans acquired with
  Data source      specified protocols                 specified protocols              Same
                          Supports DICOM format as          Supports DICOM format as
                   input                            input
                          Provides volumetric                    Provides volumetric
                measurements of brain          measurements of brain
                    structures and lesions             structures and lesions
                          Includes segmented color            Includes segmented color
                    overlays and morphometric        overlays and morphometric
                   reports                           reports
                          Automatically compares              Automatically compares
                     results to reference percentile      results to reference percentile
    Output                                                            Same
                  data and to prior scans when      data and to prior scans when
                     available                           available
                          Supports DICOM format as          Supports DICOM format as
                  output of results that can be      output of results that can be
                   displayed on DICOM              displayed on DICOM
                   workstations and Picture          workstations and Picture
                   Archive and Communications      Archive and Communications
                 Systems                        Systems
                          Automated quality control           Automated quality control         Substantially
     Safety
                   functions                         functions                          Equivalent


                                 3

AIRS Medical Inc.
                                                                                                            13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnamgu, Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
                                                                                         www.airsmed.com

                                                                                            Substantial
                              Subject device                  Predicate device
                                                                                      Equivalence
                         - Tissue contrast check            - Image artifact check
                         - Scan protocol verification        - Scan protocol verification
                                Results must be reviewed by a      Results must be reviewed by a
                      medical professional              trained physician
      SwiftSight-Brain and the predicate device are identical in most aspects, including intended use, target
     anatomical site, physical characteristics, processing architecture, data source, and output. While there
     are differences in terminology related to the automated quality control function and the user who
     reviews the results, these differences do not affect safety or effectiveness, do not introduce new or
     increased safety risks, and demonstrate equivalent performance to existing legally marketed devices

8.   Summary of non-clinical test
    The software verification and validation tests were conducted to establish the performance,
      functionality and reliability characteristics of the subject devices. The device passed all the tests based
    on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

     To demonstrate the 3D T1 weighted and T2 weighted FLAIR analysis performance of the SwiftSightBrain, the data primarily sourced from U.S. hospitals were utilized. The data presents a diverse mix of
       clinical, demographic, and  technical  variables, providing a foundation  for both  reliable and
     reproducible  testing, as well as comprehensive accuracy assessment. The ground truth was
     established by the U.S. based two neuroradiologists and one neurologist. The multi-site data
      collection enhances statistical independence, while the inclusion of varied demographic groups,
      clinical conditions, and MR field strength addresses potential confounders.

    The subjects upon whom the device was trained and tested include healthy subjects, mild cognitive
     impairment patients, Alzheimer’s disease patients, and small vessle disease patients from young
     adults to elderlies. The multicenter study was adapted to collect scans from various vendors including
      Philips, Siemens Healthineers, and GE Healthcare and MR scans using general clinical protocols were
      collected.

     For the 3D T1 weighted images, a total of 72 3D T1 weighted scan cases were used for accuracy, and
    72 cases were used for reproducibility. The test dataset included MR images from Philips (54 subjects),
     Siemens Healthineers (53 subjects), and GE (37 subjects) scanners, using both 1.5T and 3.0T field
     strengths. Subjects were collected from multiple countries, including the United States, the United
     Kingdom, China, and Germany, with ages ranging from young adults to the elderly (20s to 90s).

     As a result, the segmentation accuracy compared to expert manual segmentations of 3D T1 MRI scans
    was evaluated using Dice’s coefficient metric. For major subcortical brain structures Dice’s coefficients
    were above 80% and for major cortical were above 75%.

     Brain structural reproducibility of repeated 3D T1 MRI scans for same subjects was evaluated by using
     the percentage absolute volume differences. The mean percentage absolute volume differences for
       all major subcortical and cortical structures were 5% or less.

     For the T2 weighted FLAIR images, the accuracy test dataset comprised 160 T2 weighted FLAIR scan
                                     4

AIRS Medical Inc.
                                                                                                            13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnamgu, Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
                                                                                         www.airsmed.com

     cases, and the reproducibility test dataset comprised 85 cases. The sample size supports robust
     performance validation. The test dataset included MR images from Philips (92 subjects), Siemens
     Healthineers (65 subjects), and GE (88 subjects) scanners, using both 1.5T and 3.0T field strengths.
     Subjects were collected from multiple countries, including the United States, Brazil and Republic of
     Korea with ages ranging from young adults to the elderly (20s to 90s).

      SwiftSight-Brain performance was then evaluated by comparing segmentation accuracy with expert
    manual segmentations and by measuring segmentation reproducibility between same subject scans.
    The system yields reproducible results that are well correlated with expert manual segmentation.

      SwiftSight-Brain’s lesion segmentation accuracy compared to expert manual segmentations of T2
     weighted FLAIR scan was evaluated using Dice’s coefficient metric, which exceeds 0.80. The brain
      lesion segmentation reproducibility was evaluated using repeated T2 weighted FLAIR scan pairs of
     subjects with brain lesions. The mean absolute lesion volume difference was less than 0.25cc.


9.   Conclusion
    The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general function,
      application, and indications for use. The new device does not introduce fundamentally new scientific
     technology, and the device has been validated through the system level test. Therefore, we conclude
     that the subject device described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
     (K242215, Neurophet AQUA V3.1).


                                     5