Qure.ai Technologies
Rajesh Sukhija
Regulatory Affairs Associate
6th Floor, Wing E, Times Square, Andheri- Kurla Road, Marol,
Andheri
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400059
India                                                                     September 8, 2025

Re: K251610
    Trade/Device Name: qER-CTA (v1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: July 31, 2025
    Received: August 1, 2025

Dear Rajesh Sukhija:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251610 - Rajesh Sukhija                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K251610 - Rajesh Sukhija                                                             Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph D
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
                                                                  K251610           ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                  ?
qER-CTA (v1 .0)


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                              ?
qER-CTA is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to
 identify and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of the standard of care
workflow. qER-CTA uses a deep learning algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a prespecified clinical condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist in parallel to standard of care
image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification.
 Specifically, the device analyses CT angiogram images of the brain acquired in the acute setting and sends
 notifications to a neurovascular specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been identified,
recommending review of those images. Images can be previewed through a mobile application. qER-CTA is
intended to analyze the internal carotid artery (ICA) and M1 segment of the middle cerebral artery (MCA) for
LVOs on CTA scans of adults  (2:: 22 years of age). Images previewed through the mobile application are
compressed and for informational purposes only, not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.
 Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer, conducting
appropriate patient evaluation, and engaging in relevant discussions with the treating physician before
making care-related decisions or requests. qER-CTA is limited to the analysis of imaging data and should
not be used as a substitute for full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diaQnosis.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     [gJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                    ?  applicable).                   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)


qER-CTA                                                                                   Page 8 of 33

K251610                               510(k) Summary

                                      510(k) SUMMARY
                                     qER-CTA

1   SUBMITTER

     Qure.ai Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
    6th Floor, Wing E, Times Square,
     Andheri-Kurla Road, Marol, Andheri (East),
   Mumbai - 400059, Maharashtra
    Phone: +91-7015256339
    Primary Contact Person: Rajesh, Regulatory Affairs Associate
    Secondary Contact Person: Bunty Kundnani, Chief Regulatory Affairs Officer

Date Prepared:

2   SUBJECT DEVICE

 Name of Device:              qER-CTA (v1.0)
 Classification Name:             Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
 Regulatory Class:                 Class II
 Regulation Number:           21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code:              QAS


3   PREDICATE DEVICES

 Name of Device:         Viz LVO
 Manufacturer:            Viz.ai, Inc.
 510(k) Number:       K223042
 Regulatory Class:        Class II
 Regulation Number:    21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code        QAS


4   INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE:

    qER-CTA is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained
     clinicians to identify and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of
    the standard of care workflow. qER-CTA uses a deep learning algorithm to analyze images for
     findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an appropriate medical
     specialist in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings
      is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the device analyses CT angiogram
    images of the brain acquired in the acute setting and sends notifications to a neurovascular
     specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been identified, recommending review of
    those images. Images can be previewed through a mobile application. qER-CTA is intended to
    analyze the internal carotid artery (ICA) and M1 segment of the middle cerebral artery (MCA) for
    LVOs on CTA scans of adults (≥ 22 years of age). Images previewed through the mobile application
    are compressed and for informational purposes only, not intended for diagnostic use beyond
     notification. Notified  clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a
     diagnostic  viewer, conducting appropriate  patient  evaluation, and engaging  in  relevant


                                                                               Page 1 of 7

510(k) Summary

     discussions with the treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. qERCTA is limited to the analysis of imaging data and should not be used as a substitute for full patient
     evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

5   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

qER-CTA is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification (CADt) software designed to assist
trained clinicians and radiologists in analyzing and triaging head CTA scans for suspected LVO (Large
Vessel Occlusion) in the anterior circulation.

The software uses a deep learning algorithm to analyze CTA images and provide a case-level output
available in the PACS or workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. It does not alter the original
image, change the worklist order, or send proactive alerts directly to the end user. Instead, the end
user can sort the worklist based on the passive notification flag. Images can be previewed through a
mobile application also. There are two alternatives’ users can choose from engaging with qER-CTA.

1.  For de-identified CTA scans, they are sent to qER-CTA via transmission functions built within the
    user’s PACS or workstation. Results are pushed back to the user’s PACS or other user-specified
    radiology software database once the processing is complete.
2.  For the client system that does not have de-identification and re-identification capabilities, qERCTA interacts with on-premises gateway rather than directly with the PACS.

qER-CTA  is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of the image, rule out target
conditions, or be used as a standalone tool for clinical decision-making. It operates as a parallel
workflow tool, independent of the standard of care, to assist in identifying and communicating
suspected LVO cases to appropriate medical specialists for further review. Images previewed through
the mobile application are compressed and are for informational purposes only.


                                                                               Page 2 of 7

510(k) Summary


6   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

Table 1 Comparison between qER-CTA and the Predicate Device

                          Primary Predicate Device                                   Subject Device
 Device Name               Viz LVO                                             qER-CTA
 510(k) Number          K223042                                            K251610
 Device Class                Class II                                                         Class II
 Device Classification                              Radiological computer aided triage and notification software   Radiological computer aided triage and notification software Name
 Regulation Number       21 CFR 892.2080                                      21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code          QAS                                          QAS
 Manufacturer                 Viz.ai, Inc.                                                   Qure.ai Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
 Intended use /              Viz LVO is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool designed  qER-CTA is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use
 Indications for Use          for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify  by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and
                        and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist,  communicate images of  specific patients to a  specialist,
                         independent of the standard of care workflow. Viz LVO uses  independent of the standard of care workflow. qER-CTA uses
                        an  artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for  a deep learning algorithm to analyse images for findings
                              findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to  suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an
                              notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in  appropriate medical specialist in parallel to standard of care
                                parallel  to  standard-of-care  image  interpretation.  The  image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is
                               identification of suspected findings  is intended solely for  not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the
                               notification purposes and not for diagnostic use beyond this  device analyses CT angiogram images of the brain acquired in
                                notification. Specifically, the device analyzes CT angiogram  the acute setting and sends notifications to a neurovascular
                         images of the brain acquired in acute settings and sends   specialist that a suspected large vessel occlusion has been
                               notifications to a neurovascular specialist when a suspected   identified, recommending review of those images. Images can
                              large vessel occlusion (LVO) has been identified.  It also  be previewed through a mobile  application. qER-CTA  is
                       recommends a review of those images. Images can be  intended to analyse the internal carotid artery (ICA) and M1
                         previewed through a mobile application. Viz LVO is intended  segment of the middle cerebral artery (MCA) for LVOs on CTA
                            to analyze the terminal ICA and MCA-M1 vessels for LVOs.  scans of adults (≥ 22 years of age). Images previewed through
                         Images  previewed  through  the  mobile  application  are  the mobile application are compressed and for informational


                                                                                                                                Page 3 of 7

510(k) Summary

                         Primary Predicate Device                                   Subject Device
Device Name               Viz LVO                                             qER-CTA
                       compressed and are for informational purposes only. They  purposes  only, not intended  for  diagnostic use beyond
                          are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.   notification. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing
                            Notified   clinicians  are  responsible  for  viewing  non-  non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer, conducting
                       compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in  appropriate patient evaluation, and engaging  in relevant
                          appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussions with  discussions with the treating physician before making carethe treating physician before making care-related decisions or  related decisions or requests.qER-CTA is limited to the analysis
                            requests. Viz LVO is limited to the analysis of imaging data and  of imaging data and should not be used as a substitute for full
                         should not be used in lieu of a full patient evaluation or relied  patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a
                      upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.                           diagnosis.


Intended User            Neurovascular  specialists, such  as  vascular  neurologists,  Neurologists, neuroradiologists, radiologists, neuroneuro-interventional specialists, or users with similar training  interventional specialist, and/or other emergency
                    who  have  been  pre-authorized  by  their  Healthcare  department physicians.
                           Organization or Facility.

Modality               Head Computed Tomography Angiography (CTA)           Head Computed Tomography Angiography (CTA)
Target clinical conditions   Large Vessel Occlusion                                      Large Vessel Occlusion
Algorithm for pre-        Image processing algorithms for large vessel occlusion        Image processing algorithms for large vessel occlusion
specified critical findings
detection
Input format           DICOM                                       DICOM
Performance level –         Sensitivity: 87.8% (95% CI: 81.2% - 92.5%)                        Sensitivity: 91.35% (95% CI: 87.54%-94.07%)
accuracy of classification
                                Specificity: 89.6% ( 95% CI: 83.7% - 93.9%)                        Specificity: 91.86% (95% CI: 88.18% -94.47%)

                       AUC: 0.91                                           AUC: 0.959


                                                                                                                               Page 4 of 7

510(k) Summary

                         Primary Predicate Device                                   Subject Device
Device Name               Viz LVO                                             qER-CTA
Mean Time to             7.32 [5.51, 9.13]                                           6.36 [ 6.06, 6.66 ]
Notification


                                                                                                                               Page 5 of 7

510(k) Summary


7   TESTING

Software:
Software verification and validation testing was executed, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submission for Device Software
Functions (June 2023). During all verification and validation tests carried out for the qER-CTA software,
which included evaluating both the algorithmic functionality and the overall performance of the
software and its components, qER-CTA functioned as designed and successfully met the anticipated
performance criteria.
Verification,  validation, and  testing  activities were conducted to  establish the performance,
functionality, and reliability characteristics of the device. Unit Test, Integration Test, Regression Test
and User Acceptance test were carried out to account towards the device’s performance nonclinically. Functional testing is done to assess functional requirements of the product. The device
passed all the tests based on determined acceptance criteria. Standards Regulatory references Used
are ISO 13485: 2016 and IEC 62304:2006+A1:2015.

Clinical Performance Testing:

Performance of the qER-CTA device in classification of large vessel occlusion was assessed using the
standalone study. The target sample size for the study, including confounders was 584 head
CTA scans (LVO = 289; non-LVO = 295), Three U.S. board certified neuroradiologists with at least
10 years of experience did the ground truthing. The device showed good performance and met the
predefined success criteria when evaluated against the ground truth (reference standard). The study
results also indicated that the outputs of the device are accurate and uniform across a wide range of
potential sources of measurement error.

                 Table 2 Standalone Performance Testing Results for qER-CTA


   Abnormality        AUC (95% CI)            Sensitivity (95% CI),        Specificity (95% CI),
                                            TP/P                 TN/N
   Large Vessel           0.959 (0.943 – 0.975)   91.35% (87.54%-94.07%)   91.86% (88.18% -
   Occlusion                                                           94.47%)


Time to Notification

 qER-CTA                   Time to Notification of
                                    Specialist for LVO cases (mins)
 (N = 584)

 Mean                         6.36 (6.06-6.66)

 SD                            3.68

 Median                        6.89


                                                                               Page 6 of 7

510(k) Summary

8   CONCLUSION

The comparison in Table 1 as well as the software & performance testing presented above
demonstrate that the qER-CTA device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Both the
subject and predicate device are medical image analyzers intended to read head CTA scans to classify
user identified large vessel occlusion. The algorithms function similarly and with the same purpose of
classification of large vessel occlusion. The new device does not introduce fundamentally new
scientific technology, and the clinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and effective.

The qER-CTA is a software only device with similar indications, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as the predicate devices. The comparison of intended purpose, technological
characteristics and performance demonstrates that the qER-CTA device performs as intended and can
be considered as substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Viz LVO (K223042).


                                                                               Page 7 of 7