June 5, 2025

BrightHeart
Christophe Gardella
Cto
7-11 boulevard Haussmann
Paris, 75009
France

Re: K251456
    Trade/Device Name:  BrightHeart View Classifier
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 12, 2025
    Received: May 12, 2025

Dear Christophe Gardella:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251456 - Christophe Gardella                                                         Page  2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K251456 - Christophe Gardella                                                         Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K251456
Device Name
BrightHeart View Classifier (v1.1)
Indications for Use (Describe)
The BrightHeart View Classifier device is intended to analyze fetal 2D ultrasound images and video
clips using machine learning techniques to automatically detect standard views during fetal heart
scanning.
The BrightHeart View Classifier device is intended to be used as an adjunct to the acquisition and
interpretation of fetal anatomic ultrasound examinations at the second or third trimester of pregnancy
performed with transabdominal probes.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 1 of 8


1.      SUBMITTER

Applicant:                   BrightHeart
                            7-11 boulevard Haussmann
                               Paris 75009, France

Contact:                    Christophe Gardella
                            Chief Technical Officer
                                 Tel. +0033686543950
                            Email. christophe@brightheart.fr

Submission Correspondent:   Christophe Gardella

Date Prepared:          May 8, 2025


2.      DEVICE

Device Trade Name:         BrightHeart View Classifier
Device Common Name:      Fetal ultrasound view classifier

Classification Name        21 CFR §892.2050, Medical image management and
                            processing system
Product Code(s):         QIH
Regulatory Class:           Class II


3.      PREDICATE DEVICE
Predicate Device:    Brightheart View Classifier [K243684], termed “BrightHeart View
Classifier v1.0” in the following.


4.      DEVICE DESCRIPTION
BrightHeart View  Classifier  is  a  cloud-based  software-only device which uses  artificial
intelligence (AI) to detect standard views during fetal heart scanning in fetal ultrasound images
and video clips.
BrightHeart View Classifier is intended to be used by qualified, trained healthcare professional
personnel  in a  professional  prenatal ultrasound (US) imaging environment  (this includes
sonographers, MFMs, OB/GYN, and Fetal surgeons), to help fetal ultrasound examination
acquisition and interpretation of 2D grayscale ultrasound by providing automatic classification of
video clips and images into standard views, by automatically extracting example frames of
standard views from video clips, and by automatically assessing whether the documentation of
each standard view in video clips and images satisfies an acquisition protocol defined by the
center. Annotated DICOM files generated by the device cannot be modified by the user.

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 2 of 8


5.      INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE

The BrightHeart View Classifier device is intended to analyze fetal 2D ultrasound images and
video clips using machine learning techniques to automatically detect standard views during fetal
heart scanning.

The BrightHeart View Classifier device is intended to be used as an adjunct to the acquisition and
interpretation of fetal anatomic ultrasound examinations at the second or third trimester of
pregnancy performed with transabdominal probes.


6.      SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

         Technological Comparisons
The table below compares the key technological features of the subject device to the predicate
device, BrightHeart View Classifier v1.0.
Technological Comparison:

                  Subject device:                            Predicate device:
                  BrightHeart View Classifier v1.1           BrightHeart View Classifier v1.0

 510(k) Number    -                                   K243684

 Applicant        BrightHeart                                 BrightHeart

 Classification    21 CFR §892.2050, Medical image          21 CFR §892.2050, Medical image
 Regulation      management and processing system         management and processing system

 Product Code   QIH                             QIH

 Intended user    Healthcare professionals (HCP) trained and    Healthcare professionals (HCP) trained and
                     qualified in fetal ultrasound.                    qualified in fetal ultrasound.

 Intended         Pregnant women aged 18 or older,            Pregnant women aged 18 or older,
 population       undergoing anatomic ultrasound              undergoing anatomic ultrasound
                   examination                               examination
                The device is not intended for use in         The device is not intended for use in
                    multiple pregnancies.                         multiple pregnancies.

 Device Type    SaMD                         SaMD

 Imaging           Fetal Ultrasound                               Fetal Ultrasound
 Modality

 Platform         Cloud-based stand-alone software            Cloud-based stand-alone software

 Operates on     Yes                                    Yes
 DICOM files

 Model Inputs     Ultrasound images and video clips            Ultrasound images and video clips

 Model method    Neural networks                           Neural networks

 Model trained    Classification of ultrasound images into        Classification of ultrasound images into
 to identify        standard views of fetal heart.                  standard views of fetal heart.

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 3 of 8


                  Subject device:                            Predicate device:
                  BrightHeart View Classifier v1.1           BrightHeart View Classifier v1.0

 Device Output    Identifies standard views of the fetal heart      Identifies standard views of the fetal heart
                 and abdomen in images and video clips.      and abdomen in images and video clips.

 Output Display    ●  Annotated DICOM files within a         ●  Annotated DICOM files within a
                DICOM viewer                   DICOM viewer
                    ●  Device web interface


As discussed in Table 1, the BrightHeart View Classifier v1.1 subject device and BrightHeart
View Classifier v1.0 predicate device differ in that the outputs of the predicate device are
annotated DICOM files displayed in a DICOM viewer, while the outputs of the subject device
are annotated DICOM files displayed in a DICOM viewer and may optionally be displayed on a
web interface. The BrightHeart View Classifier v1.1 web interface uses a similar output
presentation compared to the device annotated DICOMs.
The subject and predicate devices share the same fundamental technological characteristics,
namely the use of software to assist physicians who are performing and interpreting ultrasound
examinations of the fetal heart, and share the exact same algorithm to identify standard views in
the fetal heart.
In summary, the differences in implementations described above do not raise different questions
of safety and effectiveness, so the BrightHeart View Classifier v1.0 device can be used as a
predicate device for the BrightHeart View Classifier v1.1 device.


7.      PERFORMANCE DATA

        Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing was conducted and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” and in accordance with IEC
62304:2016, Medical device software - Software life cycle processes.
Cybersecurity documentation was provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry
and FDA Staff, “Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
Devices”.

       Bench Testing
The algorithm for the identification of standard views is exactly the same between the subject
and predicate devices, therefore bench testing for the predicate device remains valid for the
subject device. We remind here the corresponding Bench testing results:
The device performance for standard view classification was validated with a dataset of 2290
clinically acquired images and frames from video clips from 579 fetal ultrasound examinations,
performed with transabdominal probes at 18 weeks of gestation or later, from 8 centers.
Demographic distribution:

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 4 of 8


     -  gender: female
     -  age: 18 years or older
     -  ethnicity/country: U.S.A. and France.
Information about how the reference standard was derived from the dataset:
     -  The reference standard was derived from the dataset through a truthing process in which
       a sonographer and an MFM specialist with experience in fetal echocardiography
       determined the presence or absence of standard views on fetal ultrasound images.
     -  The truthing process was conducted independently of the BrightHeart View Classifier
       device.
Description of how the independence of test data from training data was ensured:
     -  The ultrasound examinations used for training and validation are entirely distinct from
       the examinations used in performance testing.
The performance testing demonstrated that BrightHeart View Classifier identifies standard views
with a mean standard view recognition sensitivity of 0.939 (95% CI, 0.917 ; 0.960) and a mean
standard view recognition specificity of 0.984 (95% CI, 0.973 ; 0.996).
Stratified analysis by geographical region, by ultrasound machine make, by gestational age, by
mother’s BMI, and age, and by record type indicated that performance was consistent across
subgroups, while analysis by mother’s race showed that the specificity 95% CI lower bound was
slightly lower for Asian and Black mothers, possibly due to large confidence intervals and small
sample size.
BrightHeart View Classifier was validated only with General Electric, Philips, Samsung and
Siemens ultrasound devices and is intended only to be used with these ultrasound vendors.
BrightHeart View Classifier was validated with pregnancies at 18 weeks of gestation or later
recorded with transabdominal probes and is intended to be used only for such examinations.


8.      PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN
The Predetermined Change Control Plan is exactly the same between the subject and predicate
device. We remind here the corresponding Predetermined Change Control Plan.
The BrightHeart View Classifier device is powered by a neural network performing standard
view classification in fetal ultrasound images.
Modifications to the BrightHeart View Classifier device will be made in accordance with its
Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP). The PCCP provides a description of the device’s
planned modifications, as well as procedures to implement, evaluate and deploy the
modifications. These procedures ensure the continued safety and effectiveness of the device,
mitigating risks associated with modifications to the BrightHeart View Classifier neural network
to not adversely impact the device’s performance, safety, or effectiveness associated with its
indications for use, and an impact assessment of the planned modifications.
A summary of the planned modifications is provided in the table below. In line with the PCCP,
all changes to the BrightHeart View Classifier will undergo development, evaluation and
validation before release. Information on the deployment and post market surveillance of the

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 5 of 8


algorithm are also provided for the proposed changes. Implemented modifications to the
BrightHeart View Classifier will be communicated to users by email with a release note detailing
all expected changes in the new release and user manual.


Summary of changes to BrightHeart View Classifier per the PCCP:

     Modification           Rationale         Testing Methods     Impact Assessment

 Modification of       Improvements in the    Re-training of the     Improved
 training and/or        view classification     BrightHeart View      performance
 validation datasets to   performance of the      Classifier with new     metrics of modified
 update model weights  device.                 data to optimize its     BrightHeart View
 and detection                               performance followed  Classifier
 thresholds                               by performance
                                                    testing and a           Benefit-Risk
                                           comparison of the      Analysis:
                                                   original BrightHeart    Benefits: Improved
                                      View Classifier to      performance;
                                                 the modified            generalization for
                                              BrightHeart View      diverse cases.
                                                    Classifier (using        Risks: Overfitting;
                                           performance metrics)   unintended bias.
                                         and verification and
                                                    validation.            Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Testing data
                                                                         sequestration and
                                                                              testing on new data
                                                                            will ensure proper
                                                                       evaluation and
                                                                        mitigate risks of
                                                                                overfitting.

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 6 of 8


 Modification of data   Improvement in the    Re-training of the     Improved
 input sources:         view classification     BrightHeart View      performance
 ultrasound machine    performance with       Classifier with data     metrics of modified
 make (Canon,          ultrasound machine    from new ultrasound   BrightHeart View
 Fujifilm, SIUI)       makes not previously  machine makes to       Classifier on new
                         validated              optimize its            ultrasound make
                                           performance followed
                                        by performance        Benefit-Risk
                                                    testing and a           Analysis:
                                           comparison of the      Benefits: Improved
                                                   original BrightHeart    performance;
                                      View Classifier to      generalization for
                                                 the modified           diverse cases.
                                              BrightHeart View      Risks: Overfitting;
                                                    Classifier (using       unintended bias.
                                           performance metrics)
                                         and verification and    Risk Mitigation:
                                                    validation.             Testing data
                                                                         sequestration and
                                                                              testing on new data
                                                                            will ensure proper
                                                                       evaluation and
                                                                        mitigate risks of
                                                                                overfitting.

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 7 of 8


 Addition of standard   Training of the         Re-training of the     Improved
 views (short-axis      machine learning       BrightHeart View      performance
 view at the level of    model to achieve        Classifier with data     metrics of modified
 the ventricles and       sufficient view        from new standard     BrightHeart View
 short-axis view at the   classification          views to optimize its    Classifier on additional
 level of the           performance for       performance followed  standard views
 atrioventricular         additional standard    by performance
 valves)                views, which will       testing and a           Benefit-Risk
                            assist users in the      comparison of the      Analysis:
                           identification of these   original BrightHeart    Benefits: Improved
                      views during fetal     View Classifier to      performance;
                         heart ultrasound        the modified            generalization for
                        scanning.              BrightHeart View      diverse cases.
                                                    Classifier (using        Risks: Overfitting;
                                           performance metrics)   unintended bias.
                                         and verification and
                                                    validation.            Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Testing data
                                                                         sequestration and
                                                                              testing on new data
                                                                            will ensure proper
                                                                       evaluation and
                                                                        mitigate risks of
                                                                                overfitting.

510(k) Summary                                                                                           Page 8 of 8


 Modification of data   Enables the device to   Re-training of the     Improved
 input sources:          achieve sufficient      BrightHeart View      performance
 gestational age        view classification      Classifier with data     metrics of modified
                      performance to assist   from new gestational   BrightHeart View
                         users in the            ages to optimize its     Classifier on new
                           identification of       performance followed  gestational age
                        standard views for     by performance
                       examinations            testing and a           Benefit-Risk
                       corresponding to      comparison of the      Analysis:
                          gestational ages not     original BrightHeart    Benefits: Improved
                        previously validated.   View Classifier to      performance;
                                                 the modified            generalization for
                                              BrightHeart View      diverse cases.
                                                    Classifier (using        Risks: Overfitting;
                                           performance metrics)   unintended bias.
                                         and verification and
                                                    validation.            Risk Mitigation:
                                                                       Testing data
                                                                         sequestration and
                                                                              testing on new data
                                                                            will ensure proper
                                                                       evaluation and
                                                                        mitigate risks of
                                                                                overfitting.


9.      CONCLUSION
The results of the testing described above demonstrate that the BrightHeart View Classifier v1.1
is as safe and effective as the predicate device and supports a determination of substantial
equivalence.