May 30, 2025
Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K251406
    Trade/Device Name:  BriefCase-Triage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: May 6, 2025
    Received: May 6, 2025

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251406 - John Smith                                                               Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).
Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251406 - John Smith                                                               Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251406

Device Name
BriefCase-Triage


Indications for Use (Describe)
BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of CT
chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen exams with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast) in adults or transitional adolescents
aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in
workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of Aortic Dissection (AD) pathology.

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on
a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/ prioritization.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251406


                                      510(k) Summary
                             Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s Briefcase-Triage


Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:              +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LL.M

      Date Prepared:     May 28, 2025

Name of Device:             Briefcase-Triage

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device (21 CFR 892.2080)

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:           QAS

Primary Predicate Device:  Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329)

Reference Device:            BriefCase-Triage for RibFx (K243548)


Device Description

Briefcase-Triage is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.
The software  is based on an algorithm programmed component and  is intended to run on a
linux-based server in a cloud environment.

The Briefcase-Triage receives  filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically by
running the algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. Following the AI processing, the
output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review software (desktop application).
When a suspected case is detected, the user receives a pop-up notification and is presented with a
compressed, low-quality, grayscale image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use, for prioritization
only” which is displayed as a preview function. This preview is meant for informational purposes only,
does  not  contain any  marking  of  the  findings, and  is  not intended  for primary  diagnosis
beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates efficient triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

The algorithm was trained during software development on images of the pathology. As is customary
in the  field of machine learning, deep learning algorithm development consisted of training on
labeled (“tagged”) images. In that process, each image in the training dataset was tagged based on
the presence of the critical finding.


Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen exams with contrast (CTA and CT with
contrast) in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist
hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspected positive findings of Aortic Dissection (AD) pathology.


BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user  is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical
image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/ prioritization.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject Briefcase-Triage for AD and the algorithm analysis module for the primary predicate
Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329) are identical in most aspects and differ mostly with respect to
changes in algorithm training process and their algorithm performance.

Both  the primary  predicate and  subject devices are  radiological computer-aided  triage and
notification software programs. Both devices are  artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms
incorporated in software components for use with DICOM compliant CT scanners, PACS, and
radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the
same design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. Both devices are intended to
provide the specialists with notifications and unannotated, compressed, low-quality, and grayscale
preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate Briefcase-Triage devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate triage of findings within the processed study. It is important to note that,
like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading
queue nor de-prioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and the primary predicate devices is provided

below.


                            Table 1. Key Feature Comparison


                       Subject Device                        Predicate Device

               Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD         Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD
                                                              (K222329)

             BriefCase-Triage is    a     radiological  BriefCase is  a  radiological  computer Intended
            computer  aided  triage and  notification  aided  triage and  notification software Use /
             software indicated for use in the analysis   indicated for use in the analysis of CT Indication
               of CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen  exams with contrast (CTA and CT with s for Use
              with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast)   contrast) that include the chest in adults
                in adults or transitional adolescents aged   or transitional adolescents aged 18 and
           18 and older. The device  is intended to   older.  The device    is   intended   to
               assist hospital networks and appropriately   assist hospital      networks     and
              trained  medical  specialists in  workflow   appropriately      trained      medical
               triage by flagging and communication of   specialists in workflow triage by flagging
            suspected  positive  findings  of  Aortic  and   communication   of   suspected
             Dissection (AD) pathology.                   positive  findings  of  Aortic  Dissection
                                                   (AD) pathology.
             BriefCase-Triage    uses an      artificial
               intelligence algorithm to analyze images  BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
           and highlight cases with detected findings   algorithm   to  analyze  images  and
           on a standalone desktop application in   highlight cases with detected findings
               parallel to the ongoing standard of care  on a standalone desktop application in
           image   interpretation.  The   user    is   parallel to the ongoing standard of care
             presented with notifications for cases with  image   interpretation.  The  user   is
            suspected      findings.      Notifications  presented  with notifications  for cases
              include compressed preview images that   with  suspected  findings.  Notifications
             are meant for informational purposes only   include compressed  preview  images
           and  not  intended  for  diagnostic  use   that     are    meant for informational
           beyond notification. The device does not  purposes  only and  not intended  for
                alter the original medical image and is not   diagnostic use beyond notification. The
             intended  to be used as a  diagnostic  device  does  not  alter  the  original
              device.                                  medical image and is not intended to be
                                                used as a diagnostic device.
           The   results   of  BriefCase-Triage  are
             intended to be used in conjunction with  The results of BriefCase are intended to
              other patient information and based on  be  used  in  conjunction  with  other
                their professional judgment, to assist with   patient information and based on their
                triage/ prioritization.                         professional judgment,  to  assist  with
                                                                  triage/ prioritization.

Subject Device                        Predicate Device

              Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD         Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD
                                                             (K222329)


User       Hospital networks and appropriately       Hospital networks and appropriately
populatio   trained medical specialists                 trained medical specialists
n

            Chest, abdomen and thoraco-abdominal    Chest,        abdomen        andAnatomic
                                                    thoraco-abdominalal region
of interest

        CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen  CT exams with contrast (CTA and CTData
          exams with contrast (CTA and CT with   with contrast) that include the chestacquisitio
             contrast)n protocol


Notificatio  Yes                                  Yes
n-only
(/notificati
on alerts),
parallel
workflow
tool


Images    DICOM                         DICOM

format


Interferen   No. No cases are removed from           No. No cases are removed from
ce with           desktop app or deprioritized               desktop app or deprioritized
standard
workflow

Subject Device                        Predicate Device

               Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD         Aidoc Briefcase-Triage for AD
                                                              (K222329)

              Inclusion Criteria                            Inclusion Criteria Inclusion/
                  ● Scans       performed      on       ● Scans      performed     on
 Exclusion
                        adults/transitional  adolescents ≥           adults/transitional adolescents ≥
  criteria for
                 18 years of age.                       18 years of age.
  clinical
                  ● CT    chest,    abdomen,    or       ● CT exams with contrast (CTA
 performa
                  chest/abdomen   exams    with        and CT  with  contrast)  that
 nce
                      contrast  (CTA  and  CT   with          include the chest
 testing
                      contrast)                                ●  Slice thickness 0.5 mm  - 5.0
                  ●  Slice thickness 0.5 mm - 5.0 mm       mm

             Exclusion Criteria                          Exclusion Criteria
                  ●  All   studies    that   have   an       ●  All studies that are technically
                   inadequate field of view                    inadequate,  such  as  severe
                                                            metal  artifacts,  or inadequate
                                                                                 field of view.

 Additional  4 Additional Operating Points             2 Additional Operating Points
 Operating
 Points


 Algorithm    Artificial intelligence algorithm with             Artificial intelligence algorithm with
            database of images.                     database of images.


 Structure     - Integrated with image routing module via    -  AHS module ( image acquisition);
           image communication platform (ICP)                                                                                      -  ACS module (image processing);
            (image acquisition).
                                                                                      -  Aidoc Desktop Application for
                     - Algorithm module (image processing)                                                         workflow integration (Feed/Worklist
                     -  Integrated with desktop application for        (alternate names) and
                workflow integration (feed and               non-diagnostic Image Viewer).
                 non-diagnostic Image Viewer).


Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the Briefcase-Triage software to
evaluate the software’s performance in identifying CT chest, abdomen, or chest/abdomen exams

with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast) in 509 cases from 5 US-based clinical sites. The study
compared  the  software’s  performance  to  the ground  truth, as determined by  three  senior
board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time or
center from the cases used to train the algorithm, as was used for the most recent clearance
(K222329). Test pivotal study data was sequestered from algorithm development activities, and use
of the data is managed by appropriate Quality Management System procedures.

Primary endpoints were  sensitivity and  specificity with an 80% performance goal. Secondary
endpoints were Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.


Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity was 92.7% (95% CI: 88.2%, 95.8%) and Specificity was 92.8% (95% CI: 89.2%, 95.4%).
Because the lower bound of each 95% CI exceeded 80%, the study’s primary endpoints were
achieved.

Secondary Endpoint

In  addition,  the  time-to-notification  metric observed  for  the  Briefcase-Triage  software, when
integrated with a compatible image communication platform, was compared to the equivalent metric
of the predicate devices. The Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification includes the time to get the
DICOM exam, de-identify  it, upload  it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive
suspect case back to the desktop application.

The Briefcase-Triage time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the Briefcase-Triage device) and is given in Table 2 below.
The Table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate Briefcase-Triage AD.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject Briefcase-Triage device show comparability
with the primary predicate with regard  to time savings  to the standard  of care review. The
Briefcase-Triage mean time-to-notification for the subject AD triage was 10.7 seconds (95% CI:
10.5-10.9) . The time-to-notification for the predicate AD was 38.0 seconds (95% CI: 35.5-40.4).


        Table 2. Time-to- notification comparison for Briefcase-Triage devices (Seconds)

Time -to-notification  Mean     N   95% Lower 95% Upper   Median
                           Estimate           CL      CL

                          (seconds)

                               38.0      499       35.5       40.4        31.1
          Predicate K222329
          Processing Time


          Briefcase-Triage +
             Image
          Communication      10.7      212       10.5       10.9        10.4
               Platform
          Time-To-Notification


NPV was 99.8% (95% CI: 99.7%- 99.9%) and PPV was 24.7% (95% CI: 18.0%- 33.0%).
PLR was 12.8 (95% CI: 8.5- 19.2) and NLR was 0.08 (95% CI: 0.05- 0.13).

Thus, the reported  similar  time-to-notification data demonstrates  that when using the subject
Briefcase-Triage for AD the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the predicate
Briefcase-Triage for AD.

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for AD was 60.1
years, with a standard deviation of 17.3 years. Gender distribution was 50.9% male, and 49.1%
female (Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

                           Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age


                    Mean     Std      Min    Median   Max     N


             Age
               (Years)      60.1     17.3     18      62      90      212

Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender


                                    Gender

                   Ground
                        Truth      Female       Male               All
                      Results

                      N   %   N   %    N   %


                      Positive     73  14.3%  132  25.9%  205  40.3%


                   Negative   177 34.8%  127  25.0%  304  59.7%


                          All        250 49.1%  259  50.9%  509  100.0%


                      Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


                               Manufacturer     N    %


                     GE MEDICAL
                                            141   27.7%
                       SYSTEMS


                                        Philips         112   22%


                         SIEMENS       174   34.2%


                          TOSHIBA        82    16.1%


                                     Total         509   100%


Clinical Subgroups and Confounders:

Pathologies present in negative cases: Inflammatory; Oncology; Trauma; Heart & vascular; Chronic
diseases; None of the above and Fully negative.

Additional Operating Points:

In addition  to the default operating point  that was selected to maximize both sensitivity and
specificity, four additional operating points (AOP) were selected to maximize specificity or sensitivity

while maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for sensitivity and specificity
respectively:

                           Table 6. Additional Operating Points


      Operating Points           Sensitivity % (95% CI)                                                                   Specificity % (95% CI)

         AOP1            95.6% (95% CI: 91.8%-98.0%)  88.2% (95% CI: 84.0%-91.6%)

         AOP2            94.1% (95% CI: 90.0%-96.9%)  89.8% (95% CI: 85.8%-93.0%)

         AOP3            89.3% (95% CI: 84.2%-93.2%)  94.7% (95% CI: 91.6%-97.0%)

         AOP4            86.3% (95% CI: 80.9%-90.7%)  97.7% (95% CI: 95.3%-99.1%)


In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and four additional operating points.
Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, these
data establish the achievement by the subject Briefcase-Triage of preemptive triage in the range of
several minutes.


Conclusions

The subject Briefcase-Triage for AD and the predicate Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329) are
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected
positive  findings  of  incidental  pulmonary embolism  pathologies.  Both  devices are software
components consisting of deep learning AI algorithms that process images and produce analysis
results, which are displayed to the user by a prioritization alert and a compressed, low-quality,
grayscale, unannotated preview image. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices
are not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the
original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images
from the standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard
interpretation of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within
the range  of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow
turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject Briefcase-Triage device for AD is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
Briefcase-Triage for AD (K222329).