August 15, 2025


EOS imaging
℅ Mathilde Masurel
Design Quality and Regulatory Affairs Specialist
32 rue blanche
PARIS, 75009
FRANCE


Re: K251747
    Trade/Device Name: VEA Align; spineEOS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: June 6, 2025
    Received: June 6, 2025


Dear Mathilde Masurel:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251747 - Mathilde Masurel                                                            Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251747 - Mathilde Masurel                                                            Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                  Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251747

Device Name
VEA Align; spineEOS


Indications for Use (Describe)
VEA Align:
This cloud-based software is intended for orthopedic applications in both pediatric and adult populations.
2D X-ray images acquired in EOS imaging’s imaging systems is the foundation and resource to display the interactive
landmarks overlayed on the frontal and lateral images. These landmarks are available for users to assess patient-specific
global alignment.
For additional assessment, alignment parameters compared to published normative values may be available.
This product serves as a tool to aid in the analysis of spinal deformities and degenerative diseases, and lower limb
alignment disorders and deformities through precise angle and length measurements. It is suitable for use with adult and
pediatric patients aged 7 years and older.
Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.

spineEOS:
spineEOS is indicated for assisting healthcare professionals with preoperative planning of spine surgeries. The product
provides access to EOS images with associated 3D datasets and measurements. spineEOS includes surgical planning tools
that enable users to define a patient specific surgical strategy.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251747


                                                                    Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                        K251747 - VEA Align / spineEOS

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

1  SUBMITTER
   EOS imaging
    32 rue blanche
     Paris, France 75009
    Phone: +33 1 55 25 60 60
    Fax: +33 1 55 25 60 61

    Contact Person:               Mathilde MASUREL
                                Design Quality and Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                       EOS imaging
                                 Contact Phone: +33 1 55 25 60 60

    Date Summary Prepared:      August 15, 2025

2  DEVICES
2.1 VEA Align
    Trade Name:             VEA Align
   Common or Usual Name:      Cloud-based software
     Classification Name:           Medical  image  management  and  processing  system
                                  (21 C.F.R. 892.2050)
    Regulatory Class:             Class II
    Product Code:             QIH - Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
2.2 spineEOS
    Trade Name:               spineEOS
   Common or Usual Name:      Cloud-based software
     Classification Name:           Medical  image  management  and  processing  system
                                  (21 C.F.R. 892.2050)
    Regulatory Class:             Class II
    Product Code:              LLZ - System, image processing, radiological

3  LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICE
     510(k)                   Product Name                   Clearance Date
    K240582            VEA Align; spineEOS                   June 2024


                                                             Page 2 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                        K251747 - VEA Align / spineEOS

4  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
4.1 VEA Align
VEA Align is a software indicated for assisting healthcare professionals with global alignment
assessment through clinical parameters computation.
The product uses biplanar 2D X-ray images, exclusively generated by EOS imaging's EOS
(K152788) and EOSedge (K202394) systems and generates an initial placement of the patient
anatomic landmarks on the images using a machine learning-based algorithm. The user may
adjust the landmarks to align with the patient's anatomy. Landmark locations require user
validation. The clinical parameters communicated to the user are inferred from the landmarks and
are recalculated as the user adjusts the landmarks. 3D datasets may be exported for use in
spineEOS for surgical planning.
The product is hosted on a cloud infrastructure and relies on EOS Insight for support capabilities,
such as user access control and data access. 2D X-ray image transmissions from healthcare
institutions to the cloud are managed by EOS Insight. EOS Insight is classified as non-device
Clinical Decision Support (CDS) software.
4.2 spineEOS
spineEOS is indicated for assisting healthcare professionals with preoperative planning of
spine surgeries. spineEOS provides access to EOS images with associated 3D datasets and
measurements. spineEOS includes surgical planning tools that enable users to define a patient
specific surgical strategy.

5  INDICATIONS FOR USE
5.1 VEA Align
This cloud-based software is intended for orthopedic applications in both pediatric and adult
populations.
2D X-ray images acquired in EOS imaging’s imaging systems is the foundation and resource to
display the interactive landmarks overlayed on the frontal and lateral images. These landmarks
are available for users to assess patient-specific global alignment.
For additional assessment, alignment parameters compared to published normative values may
be available.
This product serves as a tool to aid in the analysis of spinal deformities and degenerative
diseases, and lower limb alignment disorders and deformities through precise angle and length
measurements. It is suitable for use with adult and pediatric patients aged 7 years and older.
Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.


                                                             Page 3 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                        K251747 - VEA Align / spineEOS

5.2 spineEOS
spineEOS is indicated for assisting healthcare professionals with preoperative planning of spine
surgeries. The product provides access to EOS images with associated 3D datasets and
measurements. spineEOS includes surgical planning tools that enable users to define a patient
specific surgical strategy.

6  TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON TO PREDICATES
The subject devices were compared to their respective predicate devices in intended use,
indications for use, design, function and technology and  it was demonstrated that they are
substantially equivalent. Any technological differences within this bundled 510(k), between the
subject devices and the predicate devices, do not impact substantial equivalence, or safety and
effectiveness.


                                                             Page 4 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


              Table 1: Summary of Predicate and Subject VEA Align Device Characteristics to Demonstrate Substantial Equivalence

                                Primary Predicate   Characteristic                                                            Subject VEA Align                   Substantially Equivalent?                        VEA Align (K240582)
Indications for Use   This cloud-based software is intended for         This cloud-based software is intended for      YES
                      orthopedic applications in both pediatric and      orthopedic applications in both pediatric and
                        adult populations.                                  adult populations.
                2D X-ray images acquired in EOS imaging’s     2D X-ray images acquired in EOS imaging’s
                     imaging systems is the foundation and resource   imaging systems is the foundation and
                         to display the interactive landmarks overlayed     resource to display the interactive landmarks
                   on the frontal and lateral images. These          overlayed on the frontal and lateral images.
                    landmarks are available for users to assess      These landmarks are available for users to
                         patient-specific global alignment.               assess patient-specific global alignment.
                     For additional assessment, alignment            For additional assessment, alignment
                    parameters compared to published normative     parameters compared to published normative
                      values may be available.                        values may be available.
                      This product serves as a tool to aid in the         This product serves as a tool to aid in the
                       analysis of spinal deformities, degenerative        analysis of spinal deformities and degenerative
                      diseases, lower limb alignment disorders, and     diseases, and lower limb alignment disorders
                       deformities through precise angle and length     and deformities through precise angle and
                   measurements. It is suitable for use with adult     length measurements. It is suitable for use with
                   and pediatric patients aged 7 years and older.     adult and pediatric patients aged 7 years and
                          Clinical judgment and experience are required     older.
                         to properly use the software.                         Clinical judgment and experience are required
                                                                               to properly use the software.
Contraindications   VEA Align is contraindicated for cases with     VEA Align is contraindicated for cases with       Similar
                      vertebrae with severe congenital deformities      vertebrae with severe congenital deformities    The change to the
                           (e.g., hemivertebrae, spina bifida, etc.) and         (e.g., hemivertebrae, spina bifida, etc.).           contraindications simply reflects an
                     supernumerary/missing vertebrae.                                                     enhancement of the software
                                                                                                                                                                flexibility without affecting its core
                                                                                                                       design, safety, or intended use.
Regulatory          Class II                                       Class II                            YES
Class/Code        QIH                                   QIH
                     (21 CFR 892.2050)                             (21 CFR 892.2050)


                                                                                             Page 5 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


                                Primary Predicate   Characteristic                                                            Subject VEA Align                   Substantially Equivalent?                        VEA Align (K240582)
Device             Automated Radiological Image Processing       Automated Radiological Image Processing     YES
Classification        Software                                      Software
Name
Operating System   Windows + MAC                          Windows + MAC                      YES
User Population    VEA Align Alignment Assessment mode is      VEA Align Alignment Assessment mode is     YES
                    designed for surgeons and clinical staff, such as  designed for surgeons and clinical staff, such
                      physician assistants, who have been trained to   as physician assistants, who have been trained
                   use the application.                                 to use the application.
                VEA Align 3D mode is designed for 3D Services  VEA Align 3D mode is designed for 3D
                   team members.                                 Services team members.
Target Population   The device is indicated only for patients 7 years   The device is indicated only for patients 7      YES
                   and older.                                     years and older.
Software             Global alignment assessments                   Global alignment assessments             YES
Functionalities /      Includes landmarks associated with vertebral      Includes landmarks associated with vertebral   YES
Modalities           endplates needed to calculate coronal and        endplates needed to calculate coronal and
                          sagittal clinical parameters. These landmarks      sagittal clinical parameters. These landmarks
                     are adjustable by the user.                      are adjustable by the user.
                      Includes landmarks associated with the pelvis     Includes landmarks associated with the pelvis   YES
                   and lower limbs needed to calculate coronal and  and lower limbs needed to calculate coronal
                          sagittal clinical parameters. These landmarks    and sagittal clinical parameters. These
                     are adjustable by the user.                     landmarks are adjustable by the user.
                     Provides normative values used to assess        Provides normative values used to assess     YES
                         patients’ global alignment                           patients’ global alignment
                     Provides color-coded clinical parameters to       Provides color-coded clinical parameters to    YES
                       display variance from the defined normative       display variance from the defined normative
                      values                                         values
Image            2D images display and basic manipulation      2D images display and basic manipulation     YES
Manipulation        (zoom, panning)                              (zoom, panning)
Functions


                                                                                             Page 6 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


                                Primary Predicate   Characteristic                                                            Subject VEA Align                   Substantially Equivalent?                        VEA Align (K240582)
Measurement        Distances and Angles                          Distances and Angles                   YES
Functions
Algorithms            Patient-specific clinical parameters and            Patient-specific clinical parameters and       YES
                        calculations based on published literature.         calculations based on published literature.
3D Reconstruction   Alignment mode: The 3D model supports the     Alignment mode: The 3D model supports the   YES
Model                       initial placement of the patient anatomic               initial placement of the patient anatomic
                    landmarks on the images using a machine       landmarks on the images using a machine
                      learning-based algorithm. It is not displayed to    learning-based algorithm. It is not displayed to
                      the user and as such it is not part of the device    the user and as such it is not part of the device
                       outputs.                                           outputs.
                3D mode: The 3D reconstruction model is      3D mode: The 3D reconstruction model is
                    deformed manually by the user through control   deformed manually by the user through control
                       points up to matching accurately the X-ray         points up to matching accurately the X-ray
                       contours.                                        contours.
User Interface       Computer                                 Computer                           YES
Obtaining an         Transferred from other devices                   Transferred from other devices             YES
image
Software            Cloud-based software                         Cloud-based software                   YES
Environment
Human              Required                                    Required                           YES
Intervention for
interpretation and
manipulation of
images
Control of life-      None                                  None                              YES
saving devices


                                                                                             Page 7 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


              Table 2: Summary of Predicate and Subject spineEOS Device Characteristics to Demonstrate Substantial Equivalence

                                Primary Predicate                            Subject DeviceCharacteristic                                                                                                         Substantially Equivalent?                            spineEOS (K240582)                          spineEOS
Indications for Use   spineEOS is indicated for assisting healthcare    spineEOS is indicated for assisting healthcare   YES
                       professionals with preoperative planning of        professionals with preoperative planning of
                      spine surgeries. The product provides access to   spine surgeries. The product provides access to
               EOS images with associated 3D datasets and   EOS images with associated 3D datasets and
                    measurements. spineEOS includes surgical      measurements. spineEOS includes surgical
                      planning tools that enable users to define a       planning tools that enable users to define a
                        patient specific surgical strategy.                   patient specific surgical strategy.
Contraindications   The surgical planning application is            The surgical planning application is          YES
                       contraindicated for cases with vertebrae with      contraindicated for cases with vertebrae with
                     severe congenital deformities (e.g.,              severe congenital deformities (e.g.,
                      hemivertebrae, spina bifida, etc.) and             hemivertebrae, spina bifida, etc.) and
                     supernumerary/missing vertebrae.               supernumerary/missing vertebrae.
Regulatory           Class II                                      Class II                             YES
Class/Code         LLZ                                    LLZ
                      (21 CFR 892.2050)                             (21 CFR 892.2050)
Device              System, image processing, radiological          System, image processing, radiological        YES
Classification
Name
User Population     The surgical planning application can only be    The surgical planning application can only be    YES
                   used by a trained user including:               used by a trained user including:
                              • Spine surgeons to define and validate the         • Spine surgeons to define and validate the
                           surgical plan.                                      surgical plan.
                              • EOS staff and implant distributors to define       • EOS staff and implant distributors to define
                     and save the optional pre-planning.            and save the optional pre-planning.
Target Population   The product is recommended in the            The product is recommended in the          YES
                       preoperative planning of primary and revision     preoperative planning of primary and revision
                      spine surgeries for:                             spine surgeries for:
                              • Degenerative spine and adult spinal                • Degenerative spine and adult spinal
                          deformity.                                       deformity.
                              • Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis (AIS)               • Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis (AIS)
                            patients.                                             patients.
Hardware and      Web Browsers:                      Web Browsers:                                Similar
Software                                                                                         The modified spineEOS
Requirement                                                                                                        considers the last version of the


                                                                                             Page 8 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


                                Primary Predicate                            Subject DeviceCharacteristic                                                                                                         Substantially Equivalent?                            spineEOS (K240582)                          spineEOS
                              • With Windows 10 or 11: Google Chrome in       • With Windows 10 or 11: Google Chrome in     compatible web browsers and
                                                                                        Mac Operating System.                        version 121 or higher, and Edge in version        version 130 or higher, and Edge in version
                    121 or higher.                              130 or higher.
                              • With Mac OS Monterey or Ventura: Google       • With Mac OS 15 Sequoia: Google Chrome in
                   Chrome in version 121 or higher.                 version 130 or higher.
               PC Configuration:                    PC Configuration:
                A stable high speed internet connection is      A stable high speed internet connection is
                        required: DSL 100Mb/s connection or higher,      required: DSL 100Mb/s connection or higher,
                      Wi-Fi or Ethernet.                               Wi-Fi or Ethernet.
                   Screen Resolution:                        Screen Resolution:
                  The minimum screen resolution ensuring full     The minimum screen resolution ensuring full
                        display of the interface is 1366 x 768.             display of the interface is 1366 x 768.
Input Data             Patient’s information                               Patient’s information                    YES
                      X-rays images                                 X-rays images
                 3D landmarks of the spine generated from VEA  3D landmarks of the spine generated from VEA
                        Align                                             Align
Product Workflow   3D spine reconstruction confirmation: allow   3D spine and sacrum model reconstruction    Similar
                     users to accept the 3D landmark input data or    confirmation: allow users to accept the 3D      The workflow steps are identical
                          reject the 3D landmark input data and provide    landmark input data or reject the 3D landmark    compared to the predicate. The
                     feedback on corrective adjustments.               input data and provide feedback on corrective     pediatric workflow prevents the
                     Preoperative: allow user to consult the           adjustments.                                   user to have access to the
                       preoperative state of the patient                 Preoperative: allow user to consult the           planning and rod steps.
                     Planning: allow user to define patient specific     preoperative state of the patient                However, the user still has
                        surgical strategy                              Planning: allow user to define patient specific    access to the 3D spine
                   Rod: allow user to define the design of rods       surgical strategy                                  reconstruction confirmation and
                                                          Rod: allow user to define the design of rods       the preoperative steps, with all
                                                                                                                        the image manipulation
                                                         The product includes two workflows according     functions available in these
                                                                               to the patient’s age.                               steps.
                                                                                              • Pediatric workflow, for patient under 18 years
                                                                                    old: The user has access to the 3D spine
                                                                           reconstruction confirmation and the
                                                                       Preoperative steps


                                                                                             Page 9 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


                                Primary Predicate                            Subject DeviceCharacteristic                                                                                                         Substantially Equivalent?                            spineEOS (K240582)                          spineEOS
                                                                                              • Adult workflow, for patient above 18 years
                                                                                    old: The user has access to all the steps
                                                                      described above
Tools Available for     • Segmental Alignment                                  • Segmental Alignment                         Similar
Planning                  •  Interbody Implant                                       •  Interbody Implant                             Modified spineEOS allows the
                              • Osteotomy                                               • Osteotomy                                  user to design a patient-specific
                              •  Spondylolisthesis                                       •  Spondylolisthesis                            rod until S2 vertebrae based on
                              • Rod Curvature Management (From T1 to S1)    • Rod Curvature Management (From T1 to S2)   the landmarks generated by
                                                                                   VEA Align.
Software             Obtains an image and 3D model transferred      Obtains an image and 3D model transferred    YES
Functionalities /      from other devices.                            from other devices.
Modalities           Provides normative values used to follow the     Provides normative values used to follow the    YES
                     impact of the planning on the patient             impact of the planning on the patient
                       alignment.                                       alignment.
                      Provides color-coded clinical parameters to       Provides color-coded clinical parameters to     YES
                        display variance from the defined normative       display variance from the defined normative
                       values.                                           values.
                     Requires human intervention for                Requires human intervention for            YES
                         interpretation and manipulation of images.         interpretation and manipulation of images.
Image Manipulation  2D images and 3D spine display and basic      2D images and 3D spine display and basic     YES
Functions            manipulation (zoom, panning, angles             manipulation (zoom, panning, angles
                    measurements, plumbline, and possibility to      measurements, plumbline, and possibility to
                   add comments on the image).                 add comments on the image).
Measurement        Distances and Angles                          Distances and Angles                      YES.
Functions
User Interface       Computer                                 Computer                           YES
Software            Cloud-based software                         Cloud-based software                   YES
Environment
Clinical Parameters    •  Pelvic Tilt (PT)                                           •  Pelvic Tilt (PT)                               Similar
Computation            •  Sacral Slope (SS)                                      •  Sacral Slope (SS)                          Except for the addition of L1PA,
                              •  Pelvic Incidence (PI)                                   •  Pelvic Incidence (PI)                      T4PA, the axial rotation, disc
                              •  Pelvic Obliquity (PO)                                   •  Pelvic Obliquity (PO)                           height and disc segmental lordosis.
                              •  Sagittal Vertical Axis (SVA)                           •  Sagittal Vertical Axis (SVA)
                              • C7-CSL                                                   • C7-CSL                             L1PA and T4PA measure the
                              •  PI-LL                                                      •  PI-LL                               same angle but taking respectively
                              • T1 Pelvic Angle (TPA)                                 • T1 Pelvic Angle (TPA)                     L1 and T4 instead of T1. The


                                                                                             Page 10 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                             K240582 - VEA Align / spineEOS


                                Primary Predicate                            Subject DeviceCharacteristic                                                                                                         Substantially Equivalent?                            spineEOS (K240582)                          spineEOS
                              • Cobb Angle                                              • Cobb Angle                                    subject device uses the same
                              •  Kyphosis/Lordosis Angle                              •  Kyphosis/Lordosis Angle                       validated point as the predicate.
                              • Knee Flexion/Extension Angle                       • Knee Flexion/Extension Angle
                              •  Lordosis Percentage Distributions                  •  Lordosis Percentage Distributions           The axial rotation is displayed
                              •  Spondylolisthesis grade (i.e., Slippage            •  Spondylolisthesis grade (i.e., Slippage        based on the input data received
                        percentage)                                   percentage)                                from VEA Align. It is not computed
                                                                                              • L1 Pelvic Angle (L1PA)                          at the planning step.
                                                                                              • T4 Pelvic Angle (T4PA)
                                                                                              •  Axial rotation (not computed)                 Disc height and disc segmental
                                                                                              •  Disc height (anterior and posterior)              lordosis are new clinical
                                                                                              •  Disc segmental lordosis                     parameters linked to the disc.
                                                                                                         However, they aim to calculate
                                                                                                                      distances (height) and angles
                                                                                                                                           (lordosis), same as the other
                                                                                                                                   existing clinical parameters.

Control of Life-      None                                  None                              YES
Saving Devices


                                                                                             Page 11 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                        VEA Align / spineEOS

7  PERFORMANCE DATA
Nonclinical performance testing performed on the subject devices, VEA Align and spineEOS,
supports substantial equivalence to their respective predicate devices. The following V&V testing
was performed:
   A.  Verifications activities cover the following:

           •  Design input review
           •   Unit testing
           •  Software integration
           •  System integration

   B. AI validation performance test:
      To assess the standalone performance of the AI algorithm of the VEA Align, the test
      was performed with:
           •  A dedicated test data set containing different data from the training data set.
                Specifically, the test data set is not a sampling of the training data set, has never
            been used for the algorithm training or for tunning the algorithm and leakage
            between training and test data sets did not occur.
           •  For each patient of this data set, a ground truth EOS 3DServices reconstruction
             (model) from sterEOS (K172346) that was available for comparison with VEA
               Align reconstruction generated by the AI algorithm.
           •  A global acceptance criterion to assess the performance of the AI algorithm
               predictions regarding the ground truth.
           •  Subgroup analyses to assess bias and generalizability.

       Training data information
      The training dataset remained the same as previously submitted for the predicate
       devices. The AI algorithm was trained using 10,376 X-ray images and a total of 5,188
       corresponding 3D reconstructions. This training data set contained images which were
       collected from EOS (K152788) and EOSedge (K202394) systems at a variety of sites
       from 2007-2023. This population characteristics cover the intended use population. The
       data set ensures a variety of data for the different clinical metrics: scoliosis, postural
       balance,  degenerative  disease  and  spine  surgery  implant  (preoperative  and
       postoperative). The images were also acquired using different radiation exposure
      parameters and with different fields of view.

       Testing data information
      The testing data set consisted of 361 patients and the demographic characteristics
       cover the intended use population. The data set includes images from EOS (K152788)
      and EOSedge (K202394) systems.


                                                            Page 12 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                     VEA Align / spineEOS

   Subgroup definition (generalizability)
   Test data was divided according to the subgroups listed below. The subgroups are
   intended to demonstrate the generalizability of the algorithm.
       •  Demographics
           o  Age
           o  Gender
       •   Clinical Metrics
           o  Spinal Deformity
                        Scoliosis severity
                        Postural balance severity
           o  Degenerative Disease
           o  Spine surgery implant status (preoperative and postoperative)
       •  Image Acquisition
           o  Equipment model
           o  Radiation exposure parameters
           o  Field of view
       •  Data site location
           o  Different US states

   Acceptance Criteria
   The acceptance criteria are used to characterize the performance of the AI algorithm
    feature. As such, the following acceptance criteria were defined:
       •  Median error ≤ 3 mm
       •   3rd Quartile ≤ 5 mm

   Testing summary
   Testing showed that the subject device is equivalent to the predicate device. Direct
   comparison between skeletal landmark locations between the subject device and
    predicate device met acceptance criteria for algorithm performance.

   Testing was performed over the whole population and for each sub-group mentioned
   before in order to prove the generalizability of the device performance across the
    different populations.

    All the studies performed indicate acceptable performances of the algorithm for its
   intended population.

C. Validation activities also cover the following for both VEA Align and spineEOS:
           •   Validation of the multifunctional requirements in terms of design.
           •   Usability testing was performed to demonstrate that the subject devices can
            be used safely by assessing and mitigating usability risks.
           •   Validation of the reproducibility and accuracy of clinical parameter outputs.


                                                          Page 13 of 14

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                        VEA Align / spineEOS


8  CONCLUSION
Based on the information provided in this 510(k) submission, it was determined that the subject
devices, VEA Align and spineEOS, are substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate
devices with regards to indications for use, intended use, design, technology, and performance.


                                                            Page 14 of 14