November 20, 2025

Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd.
℅ Alina Goodman
Regulatory Affairs Professional
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355


Re: K251822
    Trade/Device Name: MAGNETOM Free.Max; MAGNETOM Free.Star
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH MOS

Dear Alina Goodman:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change for
your device cleared on November 20, 2025. Specifically, FDA is updating this substantial equivalence (SE)
letter as an administrative correction to include the IFU for K251822, as it was inadvertently excluded from
our SE letter dated November 20, 2025.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
Daniel Krainak, OHT8: Office of Radiological Health, 301-796-0478, Daniel.Krainak@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

November 20, 2025


Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance Ltd.
℅ Alina Goodman
Regulatory Affairs Professional
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355


Re: K251822
    Trade/Device Name: MAGNETOM Free.Max;
               MAGNETOM Free.Star
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, MOS
    Dated: October 20, 2025
    Received: October 20, 2025

Dear Alina Goodman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251822 - Alina Goodman                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251822 - Alina Goodman                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251822

Device Name
MAGNETOM Free.Max
MAGNETOM Free.Star

Indications for Use (Describe)
MAGNETOM Free.Max:
The MAGNETOM MR system is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device (MRDD) that produces
transverse, sagittal, coronal and oblique cross-sectional images that display, depending on optional local coils that have
been configured with the system, the internal structure and/or function of the head, body or extremities.
Other physical parameters derived from the images may also be produced. Depending on the region of interest, contrast
agents may be used. These images and the physical parameters derived from the images when interpreted by a trained
physician or dentist trained in MRI yield information that may assist in diagnosis.
The MAGNETOM MR system may also be used for imaging during interventional procedures when performed with MRcompatible devices such as MR Safe biopsy needles.
When operated by dentists and dental assistants trained in MRI, the MAGNETOM MR system must only be used for
scanning the dentomaxillofacial region.

MAGNETOM Free.Star:
The MAGNETOM MR system is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device (MRDD) that produces
transverse, sagittal, coronal and oblique cross-sectional images that display, depending on optional local coils that have
been configured with the system, the internal structure and/or function of the head, body or extremities.
Other physical parameters derived from the images may also be produced. Depending on the region of interest, contrast
agents may be used. These images and the physical parameters derived from the images when interpreted by a trained
physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251822

510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Devices Act 1990 and 21 CFR
§ 807.92.


1. General Information
Establishment:                   Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                                 40 Liberty Boulevard
                                      Malvern, PA 19355, USA
                                         Registration Number: 2240869

Date Prepared:                    June 12, 2025

Manufacturer:                    Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance
                                           Ltd.
                                 Siemens MRI Center, Gaoxin C. Ave., 2nd
                                    Hi-Tech Industrial Park
                                 518057 Shenzhen
                              PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA

                                         Registration Number: 3004754211

                                 Siemens Healthineers AG
                                    Magnetic Resonance (MR)
                                         Allee am Röthelheimpark 2
                                 91052 Erlangen
                               Germany

                                         Registration Number: 3002808157

2. Contact Information
                                         Alina Goodman
                                     Regulatory Affairs Professional
                                 Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                                 40 Liberty Boulevard
                                      Malvern, PA 19355, USA
                                  Phone: +1(224)526-1404
                                         E-mail: alina.goodman@siemenshealthineers.com

3. Device Name and Classification
Device/ Trade name:           MAGNETOM Free.Max
                         MAGNETOM Free.Star
Classification Name:                Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
                              (MRDD)
Classification Panel:                 Radiology
CFR Code:                       21 CFR § 892.1000

Classification:                                        II
Product Code:                        Primary: LNH
                                    Secondary: MOS

4. Legally Marketed Predicate Device and Reference Device
4.1 Predicate Device
Trade name:                MAGNETOM Free.Max
510(k) Number:                   K231617
Classification Name:                Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
                              (MRDD)
Classification Panel:                 Radiology
CFR Code:                       21 CFR § 892.1000
Classification:                                        II
Product Code:                        Primary: LNH
                                    Secondary: MOS

Trade name:                MAGNETOM Free.Star
510(k) Number:                   K231617
Classification Name:                Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
                              (MRDD)
Classification Panel:                 Radiology
CFR Code:                       21 CFR § 892.1000
Classification:                                        II
Product Code:                        Primary: LNH
                                    Secondary: MOS

4.2 Reference Device
Trade name:                MAGNETOM Sola
510(k) Number:                   K232535
Classification Name:                Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
                              (MRDD)
Classification Panel:                 Radiology
CFR Code:                       21 CFR § 892.1000
Classification:                                        II
Product Code:                        Primary: LNH
                                    Secondary: LNI, MOS

Trade name:                          syngo.via VB40A1
510(k) Number:                   K191040
Classification Name:                  Picture Archiving and Communications
                                 System
Classification Panel:                 Radiology
CFR Code:                       21 CFR §892.2050
Classification:                                        II
Product Code:                   LLZ


1 The initial version VB40 was cleared on May 16, 2019 with K191040.
syngo.via VB80 is released via Non-Filing Justification.

5. Intended Use/ Indications for Use
MAGNETOM Free.Max:
The indications for use statement for the subject device MAGNETOM Free.Max with
syngo MR XA80A has been updated compared to the predicate device MAGNETOM
Free.Max with syngo MR XA60A, to include “dentist trained in MRI” as a new
intended user group in the statement:
The MAGNETOM MR system is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance
diagnostic device (MRDD) that produces transverse, sagittal, coronal and oblique
cross-sectional images that display, depending on optional local coils that have been
configured with the system, the internal structure and/or function of the head, body or
extremities.
Other physical parameters derived from the images may also be produced.
Depending on the region of interest, contrast agents may be used. These images
and the physical parameters derived from the images when interpreted by a trained
physician or dentist trained in MRI yield information that may assist in diagnosis.
The MAGNETOM MR system may also be used for imaging during interventional
procedures when performed with MR-compatible devices such as MR Safe biopsy
needles.
When operated by dentists and dental assistants trained in MRI, the MAGNETOM
MR system must only be used for scanning the dentomaxillofacial region.


MAGNETOM Free.Star:
The indications for use for the subject device MAGNETOM Free.Star with syngo MR
XA80A is the same as the predicate device MAGNETOM Free.Star with syngo MR
XA60A:
The MAGNETOM MR system is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance
diagnostic device (MRDD) that produces transverse, sagittal, coronal and oblique
cross-sectional images that display, depending on optional local coils that have been
configured with the system, the internal structure and/or function of the head, body,
or extremities.
Other physical parameters derived from the images may also be produced.
Depending on the region of interest, contrast agents may be used. These images
and the physical parameters derived from the images when interpreted by a trained
physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


Indications for use modification rationale for MAGNETOM Free.Max:
The newly added intended user group in the subject device’s indications for use
statement does not affect the functionality of the device to produce images that may
assist in diagnosis as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device. The submitted
nonclinical data and clinical data demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and
effective as the predicate device. Therefore, the difference does not constitute a new
intended use according to FDA Guidance “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating
Substantial Equivalence in Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”. The subject device has
the same intended use as the predicate device.

6. Device Description
The subject devices MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with
software version syngo MR XA80A, consists of new and modified hardware and
software features comparing to the predicate device MAGNETOM Free.Max and
MAGNETOM Free.Star with software version syngo MR XA60A (K231617).
Below is a high-level summary of the new and modified hardware and software
features compared to the predicate devices MAGNETOM Free.Max and
MAGNETOM Free.Star with syngo MR XA60A:


Hardware
New hardware features:
     -  Dental coil (only for MAGNETOM Free.Max)
     -  High-end host
     -  syngo Workplace


Modified hardware features:
     -  MaRS
     -  Select&GO Display (TPAN_3G)

Software
New Pulse Sequences/ Software Features / Applications:
Only for MAGNETOM Free.Max:
     -  EP_SEG_FID_PHS
     -  EP2D_FID_PHS
     -  EP_SEG_PHS
     -  GRE_Proj
     -  GRE_PHS
     -  myExam Dental Assist
     -  Select&GO Dental
     -   Slice Overlapping


For both MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star:
     -  Eco Power Mode
     -  Extended Gradient Eco Mode
     -  System Startup Timer


Modified Features and Applications:
     -  myExam RT Assist (only for MAGNETOM Free.Max)
     -  Deep Resolve for HASTE

-  Deep Resolve for EPI Diffusion
     -  Select&GO for dental (only for MAGNETOM Free.Max)
     -  Select&GO extension: Patient Registration and Start Scan
     -  SPACE improvement: MTC prep module


Other Modifications and Minor Changes:
     -  MAGNETOM Free.Max Dental Edition marketing bundle (only for
    MAGNETOM Free.Max)
     -  MAGNETOM Free.Max RT Pro Edition marketing bundle (only for
    MAGNETOM Free.Max)
     -   Off-Center Planning Support
     -  ID Gain


Below Table 1 shows an executive summary of training and validation dataset of AI
feature Deep Resolve Boost in subject devices:


Table 1. Training and validation dataset of Deep Resolve Boost
             Deep Resolve Boost
 Training and        •  TSE: more than 25,000 slices
 Validation data                     •  HASTE: pretrained on the TSE dataset and refined
                         with more than 10,000 HASTE slices
                     •  EPI Diffusion: more than 1,000,000 slices
              The data covered a broad range of body parts, contrasts, fat
                suppression techniques, orientations, and field strength.
 Sample source  In-house measurements and collaboration partners.

 Equipment       0.55T[1], 1.5T and 3T MRI scanners

 Protocols       Representative protocols (T1, T2 and PD with and without
                      fat saturation) which have been altered (e.g. to increase
              SNR, increase resolution or reduced acceleration).
 Clinical       No clinical subgroups have been defined for the datasets.
 subgroups
 Demongraphic  Due to reasons of data privacy, we did not record gender,
 distribution     age and ethnicity during data collection.
 Confounders   No confounders have been defined for the datasets.

 Test Statistics   The impact of the network has been characterized by several
 and Test          quality metrics such as peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and
 Results           structural similarity index (SSIM). Most importantly, the
                 performance was evaluated by visual comparisons to evaluate for Summary
                 example, aliasing artifacts, image sharpness and denoising levels.
               The quality metrics evaluation was performed by conventional
                    reconstruction of a set of test data (gold standard). This test data

set was compared against a retrospectively undersampled copy of
                   the test data, which was reconstructed with both conventional and
               Deep Resolve Boost reconstruction. The SSIM metric shows that
                   the Deep Resolve reconstruction has significantly better structural
                       similarity with the gold standard than the conventional
                    reconstruction. Likewise, the PSNR metric shows that the Deep
                 Resolve reconstruction has significantly better signal-to-noise ratio
                (SNR) than the conventional reconstruction.
                   Visual evaluation was performed by qualified readers. Pairs of
                images where the same dataset (or two consecutive scans) was
                   reconstructed both with conventional and Deep Resolve Boost
                    reconstruction were examined for image quality with a focus on
                     aliasing artifacts, image sharpness and SNR. In conclusion, all
                images show that the Deep Resolve Boost reconstruction results
                       in higher SNR, and superior sharpness. Deep Resolve
                    reconstruction was not found to have caused artifacts.
 Reference     The acquired datasets represent the ground truth for the
 standard         training and validation. Input data was retrospectively
                 created from the ground truth by data manipulation and
                 augmentation. This process includes further under-sampling
                   of the data by discarding k-space lines, lowering of the SNR
                    level by addition of noise and mirroring of k-space data.
 Data          The dataset was randomly split into two independent training
 independency  and validation datasets. Data split maintained similar data
                    distribution in both training and validation datasets.

[1] To confirm the applicability of the networks to 0.55T, additional validation of 0.55T datasets
covering a broad range of body regions was performed both by calculating metrics and performing
visual image comparisons.

7. Substantial Equivalence
MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with software syngo MR XA80A
are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices and include migrated features
from the following references devices (see Table 2):


Table 2. Predicate devices and reference devices

Predicate Device       FDA Clearance Number    Product Manufacturer
                     and Date               Code
MAGNETOM Free.Max    K231617, cleared on        LNH,  Siemens Shenzhen
with syngo MR XA60A    November 09, 2023       MOS   Magnetic Resonance Ltd.

MAGNETOM Free.Star    K231617, cleared on        LNH,  Siemens Shenzhen
with syngo MR XA60A    November 09, 2023       MOS   Magnetic Resonance Ltd.
                  FDA Clearance Number    Product
Reference Device                                         Manufacturer
                     and Date               Code
                                               LNH,
MAGNETOM Sola with    K232535, cleared on
                                                           LNI,   Siemens Healthcare GmbH
syngo MR XA61A        December 22, 2023
                                   MOS
                        K191040, cleared on May
syngo.via VB40A1                                 LLZ   Siemens Healthcare GmbH
                           16, 2019

8. Technological Characteristics
The subject devices, MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with
software syngo MR XA80A, are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices with
regard to the operational environment, programming language, operating system and
performance.
The subject devices conform to the standard for medical device software
(IEC 62304) and other relevant IEC and NEMA standards.
There are some differences in technological characteristics between the subject
devices and predicate devices, including new and modified hardware and software
features. These differences have been tested and the conclusion from the nonclinical and clinical data suggests that the features bear an equivalent safety and
performance profile to that of the predicate devices.
Please see below Table 3 and Table 4 for the comparison between subject devices
and predicate/ reference devices.

Table 3. Hardware Comparison
                          Subject Devices                     Predicate Devices

             MAGNETOM     MAGNETOM     MAGNETOM    MAGNETOM
   Hardware      Free.Max with       Free.Star with      Free.Max with     Free.Star with
              syngo MR XA80A   syngo MR XA80A  syngo MR XA60A    syngo MR
                                                        (K231617)        XA60A
                                                                         (K231617)
Magnet
                     Yes, same as predicate device                    Yes
System

RF System          Yes, same as predicate device                    Yes

Transmission
technique –         Yes, same as predicate device                    Yes
RF Body Coil
Gradient
                     Yes, same as predicate device                    Yes
System

Patient Table        Yes, same as predicate device                    Yes

                  Yes, modified compared to predicate
                                  devices:
Computer       -new high-end host computer hardware                Yes
                       -new syngo Workplace
                         -modified MaRS hardware
                   Yes, new coil
                 compared to        Yes, same as
Coils                                                         Yes
                   predicate device:     predicate device
                      -Dental coil
                  Yes, modified compared to predicate
Other HW
                                   device:                             Yes
components
                   -Select&GO display (TPAN 3G)

Table 4. Software Features Comparison
                            Subject Devices                    Predicate Device

               MAGNETOM    MAGNETOM    MAGNETOM    MAGNETOM
Software            Free.Max with     Free.Star with    Free.Max with     Free.Star with
                    software syngo   software syngo   software syngo   software syngo
               MR XA80A     MR XA80A     MR XA60A     MR XA60A
                                                        (K231617)        (K231617)
Sequences
                   Yes, with new and modified features
                 compared to predicate devices:
                       -Slice Overlapping for TSE and
SE-based pulse
               TSE_DIXON                                   Yes
sequence types
                            - Deep Resolve for HASTE
                            - SPACE improvement with MTC prep
                 module
GRE-              Yes, with new pulse sequences
based/Steady-     compared to predicate devices:
                                                              Yes
State Pulse      -GRE_PHS
Sequence Types   -GRE_Proj
                   Yes, with new pulse sequences and
                    modified features compared to
                     predicate devices:
EPI-based Pulse
                 -Deep Resolve for EP2D_DIFF                     Yes
Sequence Types
               -EP_SEG_PHS
                -EP_SEG_FID_PHS
                -EP2D_FID_PHS
Feature and Applications
                   Yes, with new
                                       Yes, same as
Application Suites feature: Dental                                  Yes
                                         predicate device
                     Suite
myExam AutoPilot     Yes, same as predicate device                  Yes
                   Yes, with new and
                    modified features:
                                        Yes, same as
myExam Assist   -myExam Dental                                Yes
                                          predicate device
                     Assist
                -myExam RT Assist
Inline
Postprocessing       Yes, same as predicate device                  Yes
Functions
Visualization          Yes, same as predicate device                  Yes
Basic PostYes, same as predicate device                  Yes
Processing
Communication       Yes, same as predicate device                  Yes
Application and
                       Yes, same as predicate device                  Yes
post-processing
Other Software
Feature /              Yes, same as predicate device                  Yes
Application
                   Yes, with new and modified features:
Software Platform -Select&GO workflow extension
and General       -Eco Power Mode                               Yes
Workflow         -Extended Gradient Eco Mode
                  -System Startup Timer

9. Nonclinical Tests
The following performance testing was conducted on the subject devices.

Performance Test          Tested Hardware or Software  Source/Rationale for test

                                                      Guidance for Submission of                     new coil, new features and
                                                         Premarket Notifications forSample clinical images     modified features in the pulse                                                         Magnetic Resonance
                        sequence types                                                              Diagnostic Devices

                                                      Guidance for Submission of
Image quality statement by                               Premarket Notifications for
                     new coil
U.S. board radiologist.                                   Magnetic Resonance
                                                              Diagnostic Devices

                                                      Guidance for Submission of
                                                         Premarket Notifications for
SNR and Image Uniformity new coil                                                         Magnetic Resonance
                                                              Diagnostic Devices

                                                      Guidance for Submission of
                                                         Premarket Notifications for
Surface Heating         new coil                                                         Magnetic Resonance
                                                              Diagnostic Devices

                                                      Guidance for the Content of
Software verification and    Mainly new and modified     Premarket Submissions for
validation                  software features             Software Contained in Medical
                                                         Devices


The results from each set of tests demonstrate that the devices perform as intended
and are thus substantially equivalent to the predicate device to which it has been
compared.


10. Clinical Tests
A clinical investigation report was submitted to provide data acquired from a clinical
setting for the subject device MAGNETOM Free.Max. The primary objective of this
clinical investigation was to evaluate the diagnostic image quality of MAGNETOM
Free.Max in the dentomaxillofacial region of healthy volunteers and patients. Data
collected from the study demonstrated the diagnostic image quality of the MR
images of the dentomaxillofacial region was adequate in a clinical setting, as well as
the safety of using MAGNETOM Free.Max.

Sample clinical images were provided to support substantial equivalence for the
subject devices.


11. Safety and Effectiveness
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and
warnings to ensure safe and effective use of the device.
Risk Management is ensured via a risk analysis in compliance with ISO 14971, to
identify and provide mitigation of potential hazards early in the design cycle and
continuously throughout the development of the product. Siemens adheres to

recognized and established industry standards, such as the IEC 60601-1 series, to
minimize electrical and mechanical hazards. Furthermore, the devices are intended
for healthcare professionals familiar with and responsible for the acquisition and post
processing of magnetic resonance images.
MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with software syngo MR XA80A
conform to the following FDA recognized and international IEC, ISO and NEMA
standards:

                                                                   Standards
Recognition  Product                               Reference
                              Title of Standard                            Development
Number     Area                             Number and date
                                                                       Organization
19-46        General II   Medical electrical equipment -   ES60601-        ANSI AAMI
              (ES/        Part 1: General requirements for 1:2005/(R)2012 &
           EMC)       basic safety and essential      A1:2012
                        performance                  C1:2009/(R)2012 &
                                                      A2:2010/(R)2012
                                                       (Cons. Text) [Incl.
                                                 AMD2:2021]
19-36        General    Medical electrical equipment -   60601-1-2 Edition  IEC
                           Part 1-2: General requirements  4.1 2020-09
                                for basic safety and essential
                        performance - Collateral
                          Standard: Electromagnetic
                          disturbances - Requirements
                      and tests
12-347       Radiology  Medical electrical equipment -   60601-2-33 Edition IEC
                           Part 2-33: Particular             4.0 2022-08
                          requirements for the basic
                            safety and essential
                        performance of magnetic
                        resonance equipment for
                         medical diagnosis

5-125        General I   Medical devices - Application of 14971 Third Edition ISO
             (QS/         risk management to medical    2019-12
           RM)        devices

5-129        General I   Medical devices - Part 1:        62366-1: 2015 +   ANSI AAMI
             (QS/        Application of usability        AMD1:2020       IEC
           RM)        engineering to medical devices

13-79         Software/   Medical device software -      IEC 62304:2006 +  IEC
               Informatics  Software life cycle processes   AMD1:2015
                             [Including Amendment 1 (2016)]

12-232       Radiology   Acoustic Noise Measurement  MS 4-2010      NEMA
                        Procedure for Diagnosing
                         Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                        Devices
12-288       Radiology  Standards Publication       MS 9-2008 (R2020) NEMA
                           Characterization of Phased
                          Array Coils for Diagnostic
                         Magnetic Resonance Images
12-352       Radiology   Digital Imaging and         PS 3.1 - 3.20     NEMA
                       Communications in Medicine    (2023e)
                      (DICOM) Set
2-258        Biocompati  biological evaluation of medical  10993-1:2018     ISO
                     bility        devices - part 1: evaluation and
                              testing within a risk
                     management process
                             (Biocompatibility)

12. Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence
MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with software syngo MR XA80A
have the same basic technological characteristics as the predicate device systems,
MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with syngo MR XA60A (Cleared
with K231617 on November 9, 2023), with respect to the magnetic resonance
features and functionalities. While there are some differences in technical features
compared to the predicate devices, the differences have been tested and the
conclusions from all verification and validation data suggest that the features bear an
equivalent safety and performance profile to that of the predicate devices and
reference devices.
Siemens believes that MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with
software syngo MR XA80A are substantially equivalent to the currently marketed
device MAGNETOM Free.Max and MAGNETOM Free.Star with syngo MR XA60A.