December 5, 2025
ResMed Corp
Rose Malonzo
Senior Specialist, Regulatory Affairs
9001 Spectrum Center Blvd
San Diego, California 92123


Re: K251657
    Trade/Device Name:  Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.5905
    Regulation Name: Noncontinuous Ventilator (IPPB)
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: BZD
    Dated: November 4, 2025
    Received: November 5, 2025

Dear Rose Malonzo:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251657 - Rose Malonzo                                                              Page  2


premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part

K251657 - Rose Malonzo                                                              Page  3


803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Binoy J.           DigitallyBinoy J. Mathewssigned by-S
                    Mathews -S  Date:13:56:332025.12.05-05'00'

                                          For

                                        Rachana Visaria
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT1C: Division of Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, and Sleep Devices
                                  OHT1: Office of Ophthalmic, Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, ENT, and Dental Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251657

Device Name
Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)


Indications for Use (Describe)
Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (“PTCS”) is an optional software accessory indicated for use by healthcare
professionals and patients, providing recommended non-prescription comfort settings options to support patients when
using their compatible Resmed PAP therapy device. The outputs provided by PTCS are optional recommendations and are
not required to use the therapy device. It is intended for use in a home or clinical environment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)
                                                                                              Traditional 510(k)


                                    510(k) SUMMARY
                                  [As required by 21 CFR 807.92(c)]

        Date of Submission:   5 November 2025

  Company Name/Sponsor:  Resmed Corp
                           9001 Spectrum Center Blvd
                         San Diego, CA 92123
                      USA

              Official Contact:   Mrs. Rose Malonzo
                               Senior Specialist, Global Product Regulatory Affairs
                        Resmed Corp
                           9001 Spectrum Center Blvd
                         San Diego, CA 92123 USA
                                    Tel: 858-285-5670
                            rose.malonzo@resmed.com

         Name of Device:   Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)

     Device Common Name:   Ventilator, Non-Continuous (Respirator)


           Classification and     II
        Classification Name:   Noncontinuous ventilator (IPPB)


             Product Code:  BZD


           Predicate Device:   myAir
                           K250624


       Submission Reason:  New device


510(k) Summary                                                          Page 1 of 7

Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)
                                                                                            Traditional 510(k)


Device Description

The subject device, Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS), is an AI-enabled software accessory
intended for use with compatible ResMed positive airway pressure (PAP) therapy devices. PTCS
provides optional, non-prescription comfort setting (e.g., ramp, EPR and AutoSet Response)
recommendations within the cleared configuration limits of the connected device. It is designed to support
patients in personalizing comfort settings during onboarding and early therapy adaptation.

PTCS functions as a stand-alone, machine learning (ML)-based algorithm that generates individualized
comfort setting recommendations based on patient-specific input data. The software outputs a limited set
of predefined configuration options that can be reviewed by the patient or healthcare provider. PTCS does
not automatically adjust device settings, modify prescribed therapy parameters, create new settings, or
alter configuration limits. The recommendations are optional and may be accepted, disregarded, or further
adjusted according to personal preference or clinical guidance. PTCS is integrated into compatible
ResMed products through an application programming interface (API) and has no direct user interface or
end-user access.


Indications for Use

Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (“PTCS”) is an optional software accessory indicated for use by
healthcare professionals and patients, providing recommended non-prescription comfort settings options
to support patients when using their compatible Resmed PAP therapy device. The outputs provided by
PTCS are optional recommendations and are not required to use the therapy device. It is intended for use
in a home or clinical environment.

Non-clinical testing

ResMed conducted the necessary non-clinical testing on PTCS. Results determined that PTCS met all
acceptance criteria and passed testing requirements, thus supporting determination of substantial
equivalence. There are no hazards or critical tasks identified with PTCS which are reasonably likely to
cause injury, harm, or damage to the health of patients. Therefore, usability and human factors testing are
not required for PTCS performance validation activities. Non-clinical testing conducted on PTCS included
the following:
     •   Software verification and validation – PTCS was determined to require a Basic Documentation
          level, therefore V&V was conducted in accordance with ResMed’s QMS processes for design
       and development and aligns with FDA’s guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device
        Software Functions” (issued June 2023).
     •  Model performance validation - Model performance validation was conducted to ensure the AI
         algorithm performs reliably, safely, and effectively for its intended use, in alignment with FDA’s
          draft guidance, “AI-Enabled Device Software Functions: Lifecycle Management and Marketing
        Submission Recommendations” (issued January 2025) and ResMed’s product development
        processes for software and AIML.
     •   Cybersecurity – ResMed’s approach to cybersecurity aligns with the FDA guidance
         “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices” (issued March 2024) and Section 524B of the FD&C Act.

Clinical testing

Clinical testing was not required because model performance was comprehensively characterized using
retrospective, de-identified clinical data representative of the intended population. This is consistent with
FDA’s Guidance for the “Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”
and “Good Machine Learning Practice for Medical Device Development: Guiding Principles”. Analytical
validation demonstrated robust sensitivity, specificity, and generalizability, thereby establishing safety and
effectiveness without prospective clinical study.


 510(k) Summary                                                          Page 2 of 7

Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)
                                                                                            Traditional 510(k)


Retrospective analyses demonstrated that the PTCS model performs as safe and as effective as the
predicate device by generating optional, non-prescription comfort setting recommendations that support
patient usage with their PAP therapy device without altering prescribed therapeutic pressures. Analytical
validation confirmed consistent and reliable model performance across large, representative datasets,
with consistent treatment-effect results and no identified safety concerns. Retrospective comparisons of
PTCS recommended settings to default configurations showed measurable improvements in patient
therapy engagement, including increased nightly usage and additional usage days, while maintaining
comparable residual AHI and mask leak. These data indicate that selecting from existing comfort settings,
including those PTCS may recommend, is safe, effective, and consistent with real-world clinical practice.
Usability evaluations with both clinical and non-clinical users confirmed clear comprehension of PTCS
recommendations, appropriate application of judgment, and no critical tasks or use-related risks.
Collectively, these findings demonstrate that PTCS provides reliable, user-comprehensible decision
support that enhances comfort-setting selection without impacting therapy delivery or patient safety.

Substantial Equivalence

The primary predicate, myAir (K250624), is a software platform cleared under product code BZD that
enables device connectivity with the compatible ResMed PAP devices via Bluetooth to configure nontherapeutic comfort settings, start and stop therapy, and provide supplemental therapy support.

The predicate and subject devices share a similar intended use and operate within equivalent ResMed
PAP therapy device systems. The subject device differs from the predicate only in that it uses a machinelearning algorithm to recommend alternative default non-therapeutic comfort-setting options based on
patient information. The recommended settings options and allowable ranges are unchanged from the
predicate device, and no new operating modes are introduced. Differences are limited to software-based
logic that provides optional, non-prescription recommendations for comfort settings, without altering
delivered therapy or automatically changing device settings. Therefore, the AIML implementation does not
raise different questions of safety or effectiveness relative to the predicate.


 510(k) Summary                                                          Page 3 of 7

7
                                                                                         of
                                             4              a                               raise                    to        non-    does                                                                                                                                                                             users                                                                                                                                                           provides                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     devices.                                                                not      510(k)                                                                        create               comfort(PTCS)                                                                                                                         enables                                                                                                                                               therapy                                                                                                                                                                                   Page                                                                                                           primary                                                                                                    and                                           not                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             control)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            provides                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             effectiveness.                                                                                      does                                                                                intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  enables                                                                                                                     (PTCS)                             do                                              the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                therapy                                                                             or                                                                                                                                                                                    accessories                                                                                  same                               to                                                                                                                                                                                                                facilitating (myAir)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  directSettings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   comfort                                                             the                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (PTCS) same           Traditional                              by      device                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (myAir)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        safety
                                                             for                                                                                                                                                              device.                                                                             of                                                                                                                                   software                                                                                                                                                                                                                       statements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     accessories         the versus                                                                                                                                               statements                                                                                                                                                                      predicate                                                                                                                           compared                                                                                                                                                                                                                     device forComfort                                                                                                                          therapy                                                                                                                                        subject   use                                                                                                                                    facilitating                                           use                                                       the                      subject                                                                                                   predicate                                                                   by                                                          the   for                                           for when optional PAP                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    software                                                                    the                                                                                                        the subject                   questions                                 as                                                                                            WhileTherapy                                                                for                                    the      new                                                                                            device                                                                                                                                                                               directly,                                                                                                                                                                             While                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   recommendations                                                                                  serve    use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              recommendation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            indications                                                                                optional therapy                                                                                                                                                                                                 raise                                                                                                                                                                              prescribed                                                                 as PAP use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     recommendations                                                                              Justification                                                                                indications                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                directly,                                                                the efficacy                                                                             or                                           the subject                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (e.g.,                                                                                                              device settings setting in or                                                                                                                  devices                                              the                                                                                 serve                usePersonalized                                                                                                                                  patients                                                                                                 device       setting                                              for Both      during                   safety                                                                                                settings                                                                                                    between                             comfort comfort                                                                                                                        prescribed                                             of                                                                                                                                             difference                                              use                                                                                                                                                                                                                       difference                                                                      devices      during                                                                  Equivalence                                                                                                                          support                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                comfort        intended                                                                                                                  device. to      modify   The                                        Both patients       comfort      the
                                       to                                                                                                                                                             differences intended                     engagement                            questions                                                                                                                                             functional alter                                                                                                                                                                                                                     modify                                                                  Substantial                      The new predicate intended and users non-therapeutic devices. new                                                                       Similar. support engagement to therapeutic The not                      Similar          Identical Identical

                             is by
                                                                the or
                                                                   by
                                                          The   use                                                                                                                 and             PAP                                              for                                                                                          home                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         AutoSet devices.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    intended                                          (PTCS)                                                  (“PTCS”) use                                                                   for                                           to                       a                                                                                                                                                   providing settings their                                             in                                    and               support use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          therapy      PAP                                                                                                                                        device.                                                                                            using                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  setting               therapy                         ResMed                                                                    use                                                        Settings                                                  Settings indicated                                                                                                                          comfort                 optional required                                                                                                    PAP    EPR,                   device                                                                                                                                                   patients,                                                                    for                                                                                accessory                                                                          when                                                             are not                                                                                    comfort                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ResMed control                                                                                                                                        therapy                                                 and                                                                                                                                                                                  ramp,                                                 Comfort                                            Comfort                   are                              or supplemental during                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            compatible                                                                                                                                          accessory                                                          PAP PTCS                                                                                                                                                                                    intended                                           a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    software prescribed      (e.g.,                                                                                                                                                   patients                                                                and                                             is                                         by                                             It                                                                                                   deliver                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      non-prescription                                                                                                                                                                                      compatible       provide                                                 Therapy                                            Therapy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             clinicians                                                                                                                     Resmed                                                                                                optional                                                                                                              for not to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            patients                                                                                                                           software professionals       support                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      non-therapeutic                                                                 an                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              §868.5905                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            prescribed device.                                     to        provided       device. environment.                                    device            Corp      Number                                                                 is                 does only and                                                                                          II                                                                                                                           optional                                                                                                                        support                                   CFR                                          Subject Personalized             Manufacturer ResMed      510(k) K251657 Personalized an healthcare recommended options compatible outputs recommendations therapy clinical                                PTCS to providing recommendations Response) PTCS serves patients                 Patients therapy Class 21                                               Comparison)                                                                        aid                                                                     the                                                                                                                                             Air11                                          patients               display                                                                                              their       operate      and        for:                                                                           or                             therapy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   NightOwl                          Device                                                                                       platform device        software                                                                                     and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                functions comfort                                                               and        provide         use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    software                                                                                         their                                                                                                                                                device                                          to  to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    enabling                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               compatible                                                                                                                                             Air10                                                                                                                                                                         configure                                                                                                                                                                                                                     device                                                                                                                                                               optional                                                                   to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         adjusting analysis             PAP                                                                                         using                                      to                                                                                                                                                                                                                         hospital                                       Predicate                                                      Air11                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               compatible                                                                                                                                          device                                        an                                    to                              a          companion                                                                                                              and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    devices,                                                                                                                                                                                            acclimate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ResMed                                                        and is                                                                                 and                                                                                                     ResMed                                                                                                                                                                                                                        connected                                a                                                                                                                                                                         ResMed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         control             and                                        It                                          to                                                                                                                                 patients:                                                                                         prior                                                                 is                                                        of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        diagnostic                                                                        the process.                                                                                                        HST                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Bluetooth                                           for                                                                                                           and                                                                                                                                                                                        wearable            home                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                therapy                                                                                        and          via                                                                                                                                                                         settings,                                                                                 for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               prescribed                                                                                                                             therapy        therapy. patients                                                                                                                                                                               testing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            compatible                                   (Subject                                                                                                                                                                        compatible                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  patients                                                                                                                                                                                  usage       perform                                                                                                                                                                        operate                                    Device                                                                                                                                                                                            (HST).                                           a HST.                 a                                                                                           are                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     application        NightOwl                                                to                                                                                                                                 indicated                                                                                                                                                                                                             devices                                                                                                                 not                                                                                                                                                         device. NightOwl                                                                                                                             sleep                                                                                                                             test         connects
                       a                                                                                           who                                                                                                        and                      Table                 is      with               support allowto                                                                                                                                                                                                                         intended                                                                                                                                              simulate prescribed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  existing                                            therapy                                        to             is                                           app     to                                                                                  mobile that            does results.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               NightOwl                                                                                                    home                                                      Predicate            Corp                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              §868.5905                                                                                                                                                             sleep      PAP                  starting/stopping It                                          prescribed                                                                                                                                                                                                                        interface                                                                                     and therapy users                                                                         Number                            their               therapy                                                                                        or
                                                                                          II                                                                           the                     as                                                                       myAir                                                                       device                      myAir                                                                                                                                                                        prescribed device with settings accessory their prescribed user in      new PAP new home                                         CFR                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   self-track
                   •      •     • •                                               Equivalence Primary myAir             Manufacturer ResMed      510(k) K250624 The                                    The             The accessory ResMed to such settings. diagnostic                         Patients device Class 21

                                           Use                                           for                                                                                                                                                                                        Number                                               Substantial                                                                                Use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Summary
         1:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            510(k)                      Table Characteristic                                                                                Indications                                                                                                                                         Intended                                                                           Intended Population Classification Regulation

7
                                                            or                                  of
                                             5                                                                                                                                 impact a             safety devices                                                                                  control                                                                                                                                                            efficacy                                                                                            efficacy                  efficacy      The(PTCS) 510(k)                                  or   not                                             is    of        comfort- altering safety  or     or       (ramp,                                                                                                                                                                                   Page                                                            of                                                                                  use.                 software                                                                                                                                    use.         use.             direct                   new                                                                                                                                                                                           therapy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            device.                                                                                                                                       device                                                                                                                                                                                                         without             safety              safety                                                                                                                     safety    does                                                                                                                                                             than                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         raise                                                                                                                                                                                                                              provides                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       questions                                                                of                                                                      of                                       ofSettings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            concerns.           Traditional                                                                                                                                            not Furthermore,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        intended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            questions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  intended parameters                                                                                                                                                                    intended device subject ResMeda interface.                                                                             new ResMed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            rather                                                                                                               PTCS devices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         predicate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  safety                                                                                  same                                                                                                                                    same                                                                                                                                                 same   the                                                                    the with      raise         new          questions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             questionsComfort                                                                                                                                                                     questions                                                                                 or                                                                                                                                                                                           does device.                                                                                                                                                       subject                                                                                                        comfort in                                                             the                                                                                                   the       the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               application not                raise                                                          new   the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           compatible           compatible                                                                                                                                                              because                                                                                         not                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              subject                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 themselves.                                                                                  have for                                                                                                                                    have                                                                                                                                                 have                                                                                                       does                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   features                                          pathways                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            integrated                                                                                the                                                                                                                                                                raise                                                                                                                                                                                raiseTherapy                                                                                            raise                                  new       new                                                       of                                                                                                                                                    mobile
                                                     as                                               be                                                                                                                   same does                                                                                      type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          established available recommendations                                                 or                                                                                                not                                                                                                          not                                                                                                                                       device                                                          not                                                                                                                                               for                                                                                   and                                                                           of                                                                                                                                               devices                                                                               the                                                                                      the                       devices               devices                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           comfort                                                                       may                                                       in                                               Justification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            already                                                                                                                                             does                                                                                      for         does                                                                              does                                                                                                   the                                                                                                             the                                                             the display      weba       device                                                                                                                                                              subject                                                   new                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  providing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             efficacy                                         as of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          difference    as    as subset                                                                                                                      which                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              communication                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           interoperability
                                     aPersonalized                                                                         type                                                                               to                                                                    the                                                                                                  have                                                                                             in                                                   in                                                                                      lack of                      subject equivalent    This                                  or                                                                                                                           device                                                                                                                                                                                                      device                                                                                                                                                                                                                         device          Response)                                                                          may   the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            introduce                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               functionality                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          functionality                                                                 the use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              safety                                        Equivalence                                                                                                        display                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                    algorithm                                       in                                                                                                                           which Difference for                   delivery.  in     in      is not                                                    Difference of                                                                                                                                               subject                                                                                                             recommendations                       subject               subject recommends                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            AutoSet                                                                                                                                                                  does                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         substantially             the       the                                                             the        intended                         efficacy                                        Substantial                                                                  Identical          Identical Identical Identical          Identical Difference for Furthermore, the standalone product Similar. or are setting therapy effectiveness. Difference for            Difference for PTCS EPR, difference and                                          Similar. questions


                                a
                                                                to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         intended.                            (PTCS)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     controlling                                                                  as                           level
                                                                      of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           interoperability                                                                                                                                                                                                             devices.                                                                                                                      and                                                     of                                          connection                                     Settings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       operate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    relief)                                                                  to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      capabilities                                                                        (IPPB)                                                                                                      platform                               direct                                 Comfort                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 capabilities                                                            device.                                                                                                                                Air11                                                                                                                                                                                                                               require device     have                         pressure                                                                                                               HST.
                                                                                                not       not                                                                                                                       ventilator                                      and have                                 Therapy                                                                                                                                                                     software.                                                                 home
                                     is                                                   10 not                 does Resmed     does                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              therapy Response                                                                                                                                                                               interface                Air                                                                                                                                                                                                                              NightOwl                                                                                                                     (expiratory                   and                      device            Corp      Number                and                                                                                        API                                                                                                           does                                                                                   the             PTCS         PTCS                                                                         PTCS user                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          compatible AutoSet Ramp EPR                         Subject Personalized             Manufacturer ResMed      510(k) K251657 Noncontinuous   BZD Yes Clinical   No, No                               ResMed PTCS with          No, compatible    No. a • • •                               HTTPS


                                                                to
                                                                                                HST
                                                                                                          HST                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       EctoSense                                                                      or                   “EPR”)                                                                             and                         or                                                  internet                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               compatible                                a                therapy                   relief
                                                                to                                                                                                                                                                                    devices                                                                                                                                                                wireless
                                                                                             or                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           pressure                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         intended.           connected                                                                        (IPPB)                                                                                                      platform                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               connected as                                                                                                          the                                                                                              (cellular                                                                be                      Device                                                                                                         Air11                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 (expiratory                                                                                                                       ventilator                                      and                     must                control                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         functions                                                               HTTPS                                                                 home          software. display          10                app       can                   relief                     level                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Response                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         control                                                                                                                                            and                                 Predicate            Corp                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       start/stop                                     is                   Air HST                               Stella                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              temperature                                                                                                                                                                                                          level pressure                                                           Number                and                                                                                                                                                                myAir           myAir                                                                                            myAir                                                                                                                              AutoSet Ramp Pressure EPR Start Climate Tube Humidity Smart                         Primary myAir             Manufacturer ResMed      510(k) K250624 Noncontinuous   BZD Yes Clinical   No, Smartphone                               ResMed NightOwl                 Yes. operate     Yes. device. • • • • • • • • • Bluetooth connection)

                                                    Use                                                        Code                                              Use  of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Available                                                                                                                                        Display                                                                                                                                       Settings                                                                        Summary                                                                                                                                                                                        Contacting                                                                                                                             Connection                Control                                                                                                  Product                                                   Characteristic                                                                                                      Classification Name FDA  Prescription Intended Environment Patient Interface Type                         Device Compatibility                         Device Requirement       Device        Comfort Supported                                                                                               Communication Pathways      510(k)

7
                                             of                                                of
                                             6                                                                                                                efficacy(PTCS) 510(k)                        or                                                                                               intended                                                                                                                                    Page                                                            use.                                                        questions
                                    the
                                                                   newSettings                                                                             safetyof           Traditional                                                                                                                        intended                                                                                   support                                               raise
                                                                   not                                                            same                                                                                                                              questionsComfort                                                                        device effectiveness.
                                             the                                                                                         does                                       and new
                                                                                   subject         haveTherapy                                                                 raise                                                                              safety                                    the                                                                         device.                                          not                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            availability                                    for               devices                                               Justification                                                  device does                                             the                               store subject
                                       and  asPersonalized                                                                                      required                            app the
                                                                      for                                                                                          device                                                                                                        product, functionality                                                                                                                                      mobile                                        Equivalence                                                   testing                                       the in               in efficacy                          of        subject               or
                                             the                                        Substantial                                                                                performance design Difference for                                                               Difference safety

                                                                                          device                            (PTCS)                 of
                                                                                                         therapy

               a                                     Settings                                                                                                    capabilities                                                                                                         between                                 Comfort                                 have
                                          not data
                                 Therapy                                 does                                                                                          device
                      device            Corp      Number             PTCS                         Subject Personalized             Manufacturer ResMed      510(k) K251657           None. transferring app.and                     None


                                  to
                                                                           (MCS)                                                   app   the
                                  to                                                                                                                                                                                      analysis.                                                                                                         Service                                                                                                                                      through                                                                                                       device      for
                                                                           Cloud                                                                    from                                                                                                                   sensor server
                                                                             from                                                                                                         Machine                              to                             backend                                                                                                                                                                                            transferred                      Device                                                                                                                                   transfers                                                                    data                                                                                                                                        transfers            data EctoSense                                                                                                       device                                        to      Store                                                            data                                 Predicate            Corp                                                           Number                                                     Galapagos.             device                                                             app   App
                                to                                                                                          Device                                                          HST                                                                                                                        Therapy
                              1) then                                  2) MCS.                                      3) myAir      Apple                         Primary myAir             Manufacturer ResMed      510(k) K250624                    Pathways:

                                          app
                            to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Summary                                                        data
                                                                                                                Store                                                   Characteristic                                                        Device communication pathway                App Availability                                                                                                                                         510(k)

Personalized Therapy Comfort Settings (PTCS)
                                                                                            Traditional 510(k)


Predetermined Change Control Plan

This premarket submission contains a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP), which complies with
Section 3308 of the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act (FDORA) of 2022, enacted on December 29,
2022. The PCCP does not include provision for implementation of adaptive algorithms that continuously
learn a production environment. All algorithm modifications will be trained, tuned, and locked prior to
release of the software to the field. A procedure has also been established for updating the electronic
user guide(s) to inform users about modifications to the algorithm changes enabled under this FDAauthorized PCCP, including a summary of changes, characterization of algorithm performance, and
availability and compatibility of the function. ResMed will publish updated electronic user guide
documentation on its company website and make them accessible within the product for end users.

The PCCP specifies possible device modifications to the subject device as well as design control
activities to implement the changes in a controlled manner such that the device remains safe and
effective with the changes as the authorized subject device and predicate device. The PCCP includes a
list of planned scope of modifications. The PCCP includes impact assessment considerations, specific
requirements for data management, including data sources, collection, storage, and sequestration, as
well as documentation and data processing practices. Specific test methods are specified in the PCCP to
establish substantial equivalence relative to the PTCS subject device and include analysis methods and
acceptance criteria. Details of the proposed changes are summarized in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Proposed Modifications to PTCS under the PCCP
 Modification Description    Testing Methods              PCCP Rationale
 Performance or data drift                                      Data attributes remain unchanged.
 updates                                                          Maintain and improve the model
                          Comparison against baseline                                                              performance and device
                             performance. Performance for the                                                                      effectiveness in production.
                                modification will be evaluated
 Infrastructure updates                                        Data attributes remain unchanged.                              against predefined metrics, which
                                                      To maintain or improve the                          must pass verification and validation.
                                                                      operational performance of the ML
                                                                         service.

Conclusion

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate K250624 because:
     •  They have the same intended use;
     •  They have the same technological characteristics;
     •  They have similar operating principles;
     •  The differences do not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness; and
     •     It is as safe and effective as the predicate device.


 510(k) Summary                                                          Page 7 of 7