June 12, 2025

GE Medical Systems Israel
Hanne Jubran
Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
Functional Imaging (GE Healthcare)
4 Hayozma Street
Tirat HaCarmel, 30200
Israel

Re: K251153
    Trade/Device Name: Aurora
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1200
    Regulation Name: Emission computed tomography system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KPS, JAK
    Dated: April 14, 2025
    Received: April 14, 2025

Dear Hanne Jubran:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251153 - Hanne Jubran                                                               Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251153 - Hanne Jubran                                                               Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use

 Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                          1<251153            ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

Aurora


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?

The Aurora system is a medical tool intended for use by appropriately trained healthcare professionals to
 aid in detecting, localizing, diagnosing of diseases and in the assessment of organ function for the
evaluation of diseases, trauma, abnormalities, and disorders such as, but not limited to, cardiovascular
disease, neurological disorders and cancer. The system output can also be used by the physician for
staging and restaging of tumors; and planning, guiding, and monitoring therapy, including the nuclear
medicine part of theragnostic procedures.

•NM System: General Nuclear Medicine imaging procedures for detection of radioisotope tracer uptake in
the patient body, using a variety of scanning modes supported by various acquisition types and imaging
features designed to enhance image quality. The scanning modes include planar mode (Static, Multi-gated,
Dynamic and Whole body) and tomographic mode (SPECT, Gated SPECT, Whole body SPECT), Imaging
modes include single photon, multi-isotope, and multi-peak, with data stored in frame/list mode. The
imaging-enhancement features include assortment of collimators, gating by physiological signals, and real­
time automatic body contouring.

• CT System: produces Cross sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of X-Ray
transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Cine, Helical (Volumetric), Cardiac,
and Gated acquisitions. These images may be obtained with or without contrast. The CT system is
indicated for head, whole body, cardiac and vascular X-Ray Computed Tomography applications.

•NM+ CT System: Combined, hybrid SPECT and CT protocols, for CT-based SPECT attenuation
corrected imaging as well as functional and anatomical mapping imaging (localization, registration, and
 fusion).

The Aurora system may include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and equipment supports,
components and accessories. The system may include digital processing of data and images, including
 display, quality check, transfer, and processing, to produce images in a variety of trans-axial and
reformatted planes. The images can also be post processed to obtain additional images, imaging planes,
analysis results and uptake quantitation. The system may be used for patients of all ages.

                                                                            Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     IZ]
                                                                                               ?                                                                   Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D


Aurora

K251153
GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Aurora


               510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information  is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):

  Date:                      April 14, 2025
  Submitter:           GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging (GE Healthcare)
                       4 Hayozma Street
                               Tirat Hacarmel, 30200, Israel
  Primary Contact:       Hanne Jubran
                           Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
                     GE Healthcare
                                Tel: +972-4-8563666
                             Fax: +972-4-8577662
                            email: hannejubran@gehealthcare.com
  Secondary Contacts:     John Jaeckle
                            Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer and Strategist
                     GE Healthcare
                                Tel: 262-424-9547
                            email: John.Jaeckle@gehealthcare.com
  Device Trade Name:     Aurora
  Device Classification:     Class II
  Regulation Number     21CFR 892.1200 & 21CFR 892.1750
  Product Code:          KPS & JAK

  Predicate Device Information
  Device Name             Aurora
  Manufacturer          GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
  510(k) number           K243605
  Regulation number       21CFR 892.1200 and 21CFR 892.1750
  Product Code            KPS and JAK

                                      1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Aurora

Marketed Device
GE HealthCare’s (GEHC) subject Aurora device is a modification to the predicate Aurora (K243605) device
by adding a new deep-learning Automatic Kidney Segmentation algorithm to the “Realtime Time Activity
Curve” software feature cleared under Aurora system (K243605).  This method  is intended to
automatically localize and outline kidneys on Nuclear Medicine Dynamic Renal Scintigraphy images to
reduce manual steps by the user during patient scan and lessen technologist’s work. The outputted
segmentation must be confirmed by the user.
Aurora’s Indications for Use remain unchanged to those cleared under Aurora system (K243605).

Device Description
GEHC’s Aurora is a SPECT-CT system that combines an all-purpose Nuclear Medicine imaging system and
the commercially available Revolution Ascend system. It is intended for general purpose Nuclear Medicine
imaging procedures as well as head, whole body, cardiac and vascular CT applications and CT-based
corrections and anatomical localization of SPECT images. Aurora does not introduce any new Intended
Use.
Aurora consists of two back-to-back gantries (i.e. one for the NM sub-system and another for the CT
subsystem), patient table, power distribution unit (PDU), operator console with a computer for both the
NM acquisition and SmartConsole software and another for the CT software, interconnecting cables, and
associated accessories (e.g. NM collimator carts, cardiac trigger monitor, head holder). The CT sub-system
main components include the CT gantry, PDU, and CT operator console. All components are from the
commercially available GEHC Revolution Ascend CT system.

Intended Use
   The Aurora system is intended for general Nuclear Medicine imaging procedures for detection of
   radioisotope tracer uptake in the patient body. It includes a general purpose Nuclear Medicine system
   using a variety of scanning modes supported by various acquisition types, and a Computed Tomography
   system which is intended for enabling attenuation correction and anatomical localization of SPECT
   images and for standalone head, whole body, cardiac and vascular X-ray Computed Tomography
   applications.

Indications for Use
   The Aurora system is a medical tool intended for use by appropriately trained healthcare professionals
   to aid in detecting, localizing, diagnosing of diseases and in the assessment of organ function for the
   evaluation of diseases, trauma, abnormalities, and disorders such as, but not limited to, cardiovascular
   disease, neurological disorders and cancer. The system output can also be used by the physician for
   staging and restaging of tumors; and planning, guiding, and monitoring therapy, including the nuclear
   medicine part of theragnostic procedures.
    •  NM System: General Nuclear Medicine imaging procedures for detection of radioisotope tracer
        uptake in the patient body, using a variety of scanning modes supported by various acquisition
         types and imaging features designed to enhance image quality. The scanning modes include

                                      2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Aurora

         planar mode (Static, Multi-gated, Dynamic and Whole body) and tomographic mode (SPECT,
        Gated SPECT, Whole body SPECT), Imaging modes include single photon, multi-isotope, and
         multi-peak, with data stored in frame/list mode. The imaging-enhancement features include
        assortment of collimators, gating by physiological signals, and real-time automatic body
         contouring.
    •   CT System: produces Cross sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of X-Ray
         transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Cine, Helical (Volumetric),
         Cardiac, and Gated acquisitions. These images may be obtained with or without contrast. The CT
        system is indicated for head, whole body, cardiac and vascular X-Ray Computed Tomography
          applications.
    •  NM + CT System: Combined, hybrid SPECT and CT protocols, for CT-based SPECT attenuation
         corrected imaging as well as functional and anatomical mapping imaging  (localization,
          registration, and fusion).
   The Aurora system may include signal analysis and display equipment, patient and equipment supports,
   components and accessories. The system may include digital processing of data and images, including
   display, quality check, transfer, and processing, to produce images in a variety of trans-axial and
   reformatted planes. The images can also be post processed to obtain additional images, imaging
   planes, analysis results and uptake quantitation. The system may be used for patients of all ages.

Technological Characteristics
The proposed Aurora device employs the same fundamental scientific technology as the predicate Aurora
(K243605) device.
The table below summarizes the substantive feature / technological differences between the predicate
and proposed devices.


                                      3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Aurora

  Specification /             Predicate Device:                     Proposed Device:
     Attribute              Aurora (K243605)                         Aurora
 NM System       Dual NaI-based detectors NM system   Dual NaI-based detectors NM system for
                       for Planar and SPECT imaging, with      Planar and SPECT imaging, with “Real-
                   “Real-time Time Activity Curve” option     time Time Activity Curve” option for
                            for Planar Dynamic Scans         Planar Dynamic Scans and DL Automatic
                                                              Kidney Segmentation
 CT System          GEHC Commercially Available      GEHC Commercially Available Revolution
                       Revolution Ascend (K213938)                Ascend (K213938)
 Patient Table      Dual axis table for Planar, SPECT, CT    Dual axis table for Planar, SPECT, CT and
                      and SPECT / CT Imaging                  SPECT / CT Imaging
                      SPECT Scan Range: 200cm              SPECT Scan Range: 200cm
                     SPECT-CT Scan Range: 185 cm           SPECT-CT Scan Range: 185 cm
 Standards         IEC 60601-1 and applicable Collateral   IEC 60601-1 and applicable Collateral and
 Conformance          and Particular Standards.                     Particular Standards.

Aurora’s technological characteristics do not create new questions of safety or effectiveness, and did not
introduce any new risks/hazards, warnings, or limitations.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing
Aurora has successfully completed the design control testing per our quality system. No additional
hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. Aurora was designed and is
manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GEHC believes that the
extensive bench testing performed are sufficient for FDA’s substantial equivalence determination.
Aurora has been independently tested and conforms with IEC 60601-1 and its applicable Collateral and
Particular Standards including IEC 60601-1-2, 60601-1-3, 60601-2-44, as well as performance testing per
NEMA NU-1.
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the system:
  •  Risk Analysis
  •  Required Reviews
  •  Design Reviews
  •  Testing on unit level (Module verification)
  •  Integration testing (System verification)
  •  Performance testing (Verification)
  •  Safety testing (Verification)


                                      4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Aurora

  •  Simulated use testing (Validation)
The testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated
with predicate device. GE believes the proposed Aurora is of comparable type and substantially equivalent
to our currently marketed system Aurora (K243605).
Summary of Additional Testing
In addition to the verification and validation testing successfully completed as required by GE Healthcare’s
quality system, additional engineering bench testing and clinical testing were performed to support
substantial equivalence, demonstrate performance, and substantiate the product claims.
Bench Testing
The additional engineering bench testing has successfully evaluated the performance of the DL Automatic
kidney segmentation algorithm. The testing evaluated 70 planar NM renal studies acquired using GEHC
systems from 2 hospitals in the United States and 1 hospital in Europe, serving a diverse patient population
that include a range of ethnicities and demographics. The studies encompassed a range of dynamic renal
clinical scenarios, detection technologies and collimators, tracers, scan parameters, and patient age. The
studies were segregated, and not used in any stage of the algorithm development. The bench testing used
the DICE similarity score to compare algorithm generated contours to ground truth (GT) contours, for
evaluating performance against pre‐defined acceptance criteria. The GT contours were reviewed and
confirmed by an experienced Nuclear Medicine physician. The DL Automatic kidney produced an average
DICE score above the predefined success criteria.
Clinical Testing
The clinical testing evaluated the same 70 representative clinical exams, which were used in the additional
bench testing. The results of the DL Automatic kidney Segmentation were evaluated by three qualified
U.S. readers, who assessed the quality of the segmentation using a 4-point Likert scale. The readers
evaluation demonstrated that generated segmentation was of acceptable utility, required minimal user
interaction and supports the determination of substantial equivalence. All readers attested that the range
of clinical cases reviewed in this evaluation provided adequate representation of the standard clinical
practice and that the quality of the kidneys’ segmentation generated by the algorithm was acceptable.
Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
The DL Automatic Kidney Segmentation associated with Aurora does not change the Indications for Use
or Intended Use from the predicate and represent equivalent, previously cleared technological
characteristics, with no changes to the energy type, operating principles, or control mechanisms.
GEHC’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify any new
hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.
Aurora with DL Automatic kidney Segmentation was developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system.
Design verification, along with bench testing and the clinical reader evaluation included in “Performance
Testing” section of this submission, demonstrate that Aurora is substantially equivalent to, and hence as
safe and effective for its Intended Use as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                      5