July 3, 2025

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Clayton Ginn
Regulatory Affairs Professional
2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60192


Re: K251528
    Trade/Device Name:  syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 19, 2025
    Received: May 19, 2025

Dear Clayton Ginn:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251528 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K251528 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page  3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use

  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
                                                                 K251528           ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

syngo.via Ml Workflows;
Scenium;
syngo MBF
 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?

syngo.via molecular imaging (Ml) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging
modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via Ml workflows can perform harmonization of SUV
(PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction methods.

syngo.via Ml workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid
in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ
function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via Ml workflows can also be used by the
physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning_
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  � Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                               ?                                                                  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D


syngo.via Ml Workflows

510(k) Summary
1.  Identification of the Submitter                            K251528
Submitter / Primary Contact        Clayton Ginn
Person                            Regulatory Affairs
                                  clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 898-2692

Secondary Contact Person          Brian Wui
                                  Regulatory Affairs
                                 hansong.wui@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 367-4337

Applicant Name and Address      Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
                              2501 North Barrington Road
                              Hoffman Estates IL, 60192, USA
                                  Establishment Registration Number: 1423253

Date of Preparation            May 15th, 2025


2. Device Name and Classification
 Product Trade Name:      syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF

 Common Name:         Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:     Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Classification Panel:       Radiology

 CFR Section:            21 CFR §892.2050

 Device Class:              Class II

 Product Code:          QIH


3. Predicate Devices
Primary Predicate Device:
 Product Trade Name:      syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF

 510(k) Number          K242275

 Clearance Date          08/30/2024


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      1

Common Name:         Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:     Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Classification Panel:       Radiology

 CFR Section:            21 CFR §892.2050

 Device Class:              Class II

 Product Code:          QIH


Reference Predicate Device:
 Product Trade Name:      syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF

 510(k) Number          K232000

 Clearance Date          11/28/2023

 Common Name:         Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:     Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

 Classification Panel:       Radiology

 CFR Section:            21 CFR §892.2050

 Device Class:              Class II

 Product Code:          QIH


4. Device Description
syngo.via MI Workflows (including Scenium and syngo MBF applications) is a multi-modality postprocessing software only medical device intended to aid in the management of diseases, including those
associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The syngo.via MI Workflows
applications are part of a larger syngo.via client/server system which is intended to be installed on
common IT hardware. The hardware itself is not seen as part of the syngo.via MI Workflows medical
device.


The syngo.via MI Workflows software addresses the needs of the following typical users of the product:
    •   Reading Physician / Radiologist – Reading physicians are doctors who are trained in interpreting
        patient scans from PET, SPECT and other modality scanners. They are highly detail oriented and
       analyze the acquired images for abnormalities, enabling ordering physicians to accurately
       diagnose and treat scanned patients. Reading physicians serve as a liaison between the ordering
        physician and the technologists, working closely with both.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      2

•   Technologist – Nuclear medicine technologists operate nuclear medicine scanners such as PET
      and SPECT to produce images of specific areas and states of a patient’s anatomy by
        administering radiopharmaceuticals to patients orally or via injection. In addition to
        administering the scan, the technologist must properly select the scan protocol, keep the
        patient calm and relaxed, monitor the patient’s physical health during the protocol and evaluate
       the quality of the images. Technologists work very closely with physicians, providing them with
        quality-checked scan images.

The software has been designed to integrate the clinical workflow for the above users into a serverbased system that is consistent in design and look with the base syngo.via platform and other syngo.via
software applications. This ensures a similar look and feel for radiologists that may review multiple types
of studies from imaging modalities other than Molecular Imaging, such as MR.
The syngo.via MI workflows software supports integration through DICOM transfers of positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM) data, as well as anatomical datasets, such as
computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).
Although data is automatically imported into the server based on predefined configurations through the
hospital IT system, data can also be manually imported from external media, including CD, external mass
storage devices, etc.
The Siemens syngo.via platform and the applications that reside on it, including syngo.via MI Workflows,
are distributed via electronic medium. The Instructions for Use is also delivered via electronic medium.
syngo.via MI Workflows includes 2 workflows (syngo.MM Oncology and syngo.MI General) as well as the
Scenium neurology software application and the syngo MBF cardiology software application which are
launched from the OpenApps framework within the MI General workflow.


5. Indications for Use
syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging
modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can perform harmonization of
SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction methods.
syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to
aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and
organ function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the
physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      3

6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device
The indications for use are the same between the subject device and the primary predicate device.


7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
syngo.via MI Workflows with software version VC10, Scenium with software version VE70, and syngo
MBF with software version VB30 software provide the same technological characteristics in terms of
materials, energy source, and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate
device since all devices are software only devices.
The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced
device functionality.
The intended use, indications for use, and fundamental scientific technology for the subject device
remains unchanged from the predicate device. No features present from the predicate device have been
de-scoped.
At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:
    •  Data Supported (PET, SPECT, CT, MR)
    •   Server/Client architecture
    •  Workflow Activities (preprocessing, evaluation and reading, reporting and storage)
    •   Feature Licensing Structure
    •  SUV values calculated

The following technological differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.
syngo.via MI Workflows VC10:
   MI General
    •  Improved Lung Segmentation in Anatomy Segmentation and Auto Lung 3D
    •  VQ Ratio and Subtraction Images for Auto Lung 3D
    •   General Masking Tool for PET/SPECT/GNM
    •   Deauville Score from MM Oncology
    •  Improved Liver Reference Region Placement
    •  CT Oncology Extensions
     o  Basic Oncology Tools: Assisted Perpendicular (RECIST/WHO) and Nodule Marker (Lesion
            quantification / lung lesion segmentation)
     o  Lung CAD
    •   Layout editing and User Presets updates
    •  Organ Processing Updates
     o  CBF Image Creation and Display
     o  GSA Liver
     o  Cardiac Shunt


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      4

MM Oncology
    •  Extended Large Matrix CT Data Support
    •  Advanced Density Tool Enhancements for CT Segmentations
    •  SPP 2.0 Extended Support (DE Preprocessing, VNC/Iodine Fusion, DE Layouts)
Scenium VE70:
    •  No changes
syngo MBF VB30:
    •  No changes
Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. Testing and validation are completed. Test results show that the subject devices are
comparable to the predicate devices in terms of technological characteristics and safety and
effectiveness and therefore are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

8. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Test Summary & Conclusions
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Non-Clinical Testing
‘Enhanced’ software documentation per FDA’s guidance document “Content of Premarket Submissions
for Device Software Functions” issued in June, 2023 is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. The testing supports that all software specifications have met the acceptance
criteria. Verification and validation testing substantiates all requirement and functional specifications,
including specifications related to device hazards, and supports the claim of substantial equivalence.
Lung and Lung Lobe Segmentation
In addition to verification and validation testing, performance evaluation was conducted in order to
ensure the safety and effectiveness of the lung lobe segmentation algorithm compared to the predicate
device. The lung lobe segmentation algorithm was re-trained with additional data and is utilized within
the Auto Lung 3D and Anatomy Segmentation features of the MI General workflow.
Quantitative evaluation of the segmentation results was performed using the commonly used overlap
measure Dice coefficient (DSC). The algorithm was tested retrospectively on an independent cohort of
20 patients that were not part of training or tuning cohort. The test cohort was augmented compared to
the predicate to include new subjects. Half of the patients in the test cohort were new and the other
50% were randomly selected from the predicate testing cohort. Performance was compared between
the predicate and updated algorithms. In summary:
         I.   No overlap of patients between training, tuning, and test cohorts.
        II.    Relevant test cohort parameters are as follows:
          •  ~50% male patients
          •   Slice thickness <=5 mm


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      5

•  50% of patients were from the US
          •   All patients from Siemens Scanner
          •   Adults, age > 21

Acceptance Criteria for organ segmentation in syngo.via MI Workflows:
    •   For new organs, the average Dice coefficient per organ shall be greater than 0.8 or the average
       symmetric surface distance (ASSD) per organ less than 2 voxel of worst slice thickness, i.e. 10
     mm.
    •   For unchanged organs, the average Dice coefficient per organ shall be within +/-0.03 of the
       average Dice coefficient per organ of the predicate algorithm.
    •   For improved organs, the average Dice coefficient per organ shall be greater or equal than the
       average Dice coefficient per organ of the predicate algorithm.
The average Dice coefficient for the 20 subjects was higher for each lobe in the subject device than in
the predicate device, although not greater than a +0.03 difference for all lobes.
The anatomy segmentation feature supports segmentation for a wide variety of organs. Since each
organ utilizes a different model, the Dice-score on other organs (other than lungs and lung lobes) that
were not retrained remained unchanged and this was verified by recalculating the Dice score with the
new algorithm.

PERCIST Liver Reference Region Placement
Additionally, performance evaluation was conducted for the updated PERCIST Liver Reference Region
placement. The algorithm takes as input the PET/CT image together with a binary liver mask and returns
the coordinates of the reference region center.

The performance specifications for the binary liver mask used as input to the algorithm are detailed
below. This AI/ML segmentation algorithm is the same segmentation algorithm as utilized in the
Anatomy Segmentation feature of the reference predicate device (K232000).

The test data consisted of 20 patients. The patients were obtained from clinical partners in Europe and
USA. The data was randomly selected using the following stratification:
        •  No overlap of patients between training, tuning, and test cohorts
        •   Adults, Age > 21
        •  ~50% male patients
        •   Slice thickness <= 5 mm
        •   All subject from Siemens Scanner

The acceptance criteria for the liver and all other organs supported by the anatomy segmentation feature
is an average Dice coefficient greater than 0.8 or an average symmetric surface distance (ASSD) less than
10 mm. The liver met both criteria.

The performance evaluation for the updated PERCIST Liver Reference Region placement is detailed
below.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      6

In the first analysis conducted, the reference standard used to evaluate the subject device method
performance consisted of liver VOI positioning obtained semi-automatically by two expert readers. The
subject device algorithm was then compared to the reference standard and shown to yield results in
better agreement with semi-automatic evaluation by expert readers compared with the method of
placement used in the predicate device.

The second analysis conducted focused on PET/CT scans presenting foci with suspicious tracer uptake
either in the liver or with spill over to the liver, evaluating the subject and predicate devices based on
how often the PERCIST VOIs intersected the suspicious uptake masks identified by an expert reader. Out
of 129 subjects included in the analysis, the subject device had fewer intersections (4 cases) compared
to the predicate device (13 cases). As with the predicate device, the user can manually reposition the
PERCIST liver reference region at any time.

Clinical Testing
Clinical testing was not conducted for this submission.

Conclusion
There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use, or Fundamental Technological
Characteristics of the updated syngo.via MI Workflows software (including Scenium and syngo MBF) as
compared to the currently commercially available syngo.via MI Workflows software (K242275).
Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis, and
comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points.
Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. The predicate devices were cleared based on the
results of non-clinical testing including verification and validation. . The subject device is also validated
using the same methods as used for the predicate devices. The non-clinical verification and validation
demonstrate that the subject devices should perform as intended in the specified use conditions.
Based on this information, as well as the documentation in support of the modifications, the subject
devices with the modifications outlined in this application are substantially equivalent to the predicate
devices.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      7