November 14, 2025


EOS imaging
℅ Mathilde Masurel
Design Quality and Regulatory Affairs Specialist
32 rue blanche
PARIS, 75009
FRANCE

Re: K251078
    Trade/Device Name: AutoDensity
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 8, 2025
    Received: October 14, 2025

Dear Mathilde Masurel:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251078 - Mathilde Masurel                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251078 - Mathilde Masurel                                                           Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251078

Device Name
AutoDensity


Indications for Use (Describe)
AutoDensity is a post-processing software intended to estimate spine Bone Mineral Density (BMD) from EOSedge dual
energy images for orthopedic pre-surgical assessment applications.  It is an opportunistic tool that enables immediate
assessment of bone density from EOSedge images acquired for other purposes.
AutoDensity is not intended to replace DXA screening. Suspected low BMD should be confirmed by a DXA exam.
Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                 AutoDensity


510(k) Summary

   K251078


                                       Page 1 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                    AutoDensity

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.
1  SUBMITTER
   EOS imaging
    32 rue Blanche
     Paris, France 75009
    Phone: +33 1 55 25 60 60
    Fax: +33 1 55 25 60 61

    Contact Person:               Mathilde MASUREL
                                Design Quality and Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                       EOS imaging
                                 Contact Phone: +33 1 55 25 60 60

    Date Summary Prepared:     November 10, 2025

2  DEVICE
    Trade Name:                 AutoDensity
   Common or Usual Name:      Medical Image  processing  software  for Bone  Mineral
                                  Density evaluation
     Classification Name:           Medical Image Management and Processing System
                                  (21 C.F.R. § 892.2050)
    Regulatory Class:             Class II
    Product Code:              QIH

3  LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICE
     510(k)                       Product Name                        Clearance Date
   K251747                    VEA Align                            August 2025

4  REFERENCE DEVICE
     510(k)                       Product Name                        Clearance Date
   K072847      APEX Software for QDR X-Ray Bone Densitometers        December 2007

5  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Based on EOSedge™ system’s images acquired with the dual energy protocols cleared in
K233920, AutoDensity software provides an estimate of the Bone Mineral Density (BMD) for L1-
L4 in EOSedge AP radiographs of the spine. These values are used to aid in BMD estimation in
orthopedic surgical planning workflows to help inform patient assessment and surgical decisions.
AutoDensity is opportunistic in nature and provides BMD information with equivalent radiation


                                                                    Page 2 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                    AutoDensity

dose compared to the EOSedge images concurrently acquired and used for general radiographic
exams. AutoDensity is not intended to replace DXA screening.

6  INDICATIONS FOR USE
AutoDensity is a post-processing software intended to estimate spine Bone Mineral Density
(BMD) from EOSedge dual energy images for orthopedic pre-surgical assessment applications.
It is an opportunistic tool that enables immediate assessment of bone density from EOSedge
images acquired for other purposes.
AutoDensity is not intended to replace DXA screening. Suspected low BMD should be confirmed
by a DXA exam.
Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.

7  TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON TO PREDICATE
The subject device was compared to its predicate device and reference device in intended use,
indications for use, design, function and technology and it was demonstrated that it is substantially
equivalent. Any technological differences within this 510(k), between the subject device and the
predicate or reference device, do not impact substantial equivalence, or safety and effectiveness.


                                                                    Page 3 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                                                          AutoDensity


Specification                  Predicate               Reference Device             Subject Device
Manufacturer            EOS imaging                     Hologic              EOS imaging             Substantial Equivalence
                                      APEX Software for QDR X-                                       Discussion
System              VEA Align (K251747)       Ray Bone Densitometers             AutoDensity
                                                         (K072847)
Product Code        QIH                         KGI                        QIH                            Yes, same as predicate
Device Classification      II                                                       II                                                       II                               Yes, same as predicate
Device Classification  Medical Image Management and                                   Medical Image Management and                                                Bone Densitometer                                               Yes, same as predicateName                  Processing System                                               Processing System
Regulation Number    §892.2050                      §892.1170                      §892.2050                       Yes, same as predicate
                         This cloud-based software is      The APEX for QDR X-Ray Bone    AutoDensity is a post-processing   Yes, the subject device intended
                         intended for orthopedic            Densitometers is indicated for      software intended to estimate       use/indications for use are
                           applications in both pediatric and   the estimation of bone mineral     spine Bone Mineral Density         substantially equivalent to the
                           adult populations.                  density (BMD), comparison of     (BMD) from EOSedge dual         predicate device as both devices
                                                  measured variables obtained      energy images for orthopedic       intended/indicated to provide clinical                  2D X-ray images acquired in                                                        from a given QDR scan to a        pre-surgical assessment          parameters from X-ray images                 EOS imaging’s imaging systems                                                      database of reference values,       applications.  It is an               acquired by EOS imaging system                                 is the foundation and resource to                                                            the estimation of fracture risk,       opportunistic tool that enables     (EOSedge) for orthopedic pre-                           display the interactive landmarks                                                                vertebral deformity assessment,    immediate assessment of bone     surgical assessment applications                         overlayed on the frontal and                                                   body composition analysis, and     density from EOSedge images     (alignment parameters for the                              lateral images.                                                                discrimination of bone from        acquired for other purposes.        predicate and BMD for the subject
                     These landmarks are available     prosthetics using the Hologic                                            device).                                                                                         AutoDensity is not intended toIntended use /            for users to assess patient-     QDR® X-Ray Bone                                                                                              replace DXA screening.Indications                specific global alignment.          Densitometers.                                                                                   Suspected low BMD should be
                        For additional assessment,        IVA scans are intended for the     confirmed by a DXA exam.
                         alignment parameters compared    visualization or quantitative                                                                                                             Clinical judgment and experience                            to published normative values     assessment of vertebral body                                                                                           are required to properly use the                   may be available.                   deformities. IVA also allows the                                                                                                 software.                                                                  visualization of abdominal aortic
                         This product serves as a tool to     calcifications and, if present,
                           aid in the analysis of spinal           clinical correlation may be
                           deformities and degenerative      advised since abdominal aortic
                         diseases, and lower limb             calcification may be associated
                         alignment disorders and            with cardiovascular disease.
                           deformities through precise angle
                     and length measurements. It is

                                                                                                   Page 4 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                                                          AutoDensity


Specification                  Predicate               Reference Device             Subject Device
Manufacturer            EOS imaging                     Hologic              EOS imaging             Substantial Equivalence
                                      APEX Software for QDR X-                                       Discussion
System              VEA Align (K251747)       Ray Bone Densitometers             AutoDensity
                                                         (K072847)
                           suitable for use with adult and
                            pediatric patients aged 7 years
                     and older.
                             Clinical judgment and experience
                         are required to properly use the
                         software
Contraindications     VEA Align is contraindicated for    Pregnancy and the use of         AutoDensity is contraindicated     Yes, the updated contraindications
                       cases with vertebrae with severe   contrast agents within the past 7    for cases with supernumerary/     do not change the Intended Use.
                          congenital deformities (e.g.,       days are contraindicated.          missing vertebrae.               Both devices treat the same patient
                         hemivertebrae, spina bifida, etc.).                                                                        population and compute clinical
                                                                                                                      parameters from X-ray images
                                                                                                                             acquired by EOSedge system for
                                                                                                                                orthopedic applications.
                                                                                                                        While contraindications are
                                                                                                                                                          different, this is not critical to the
                                                                                                                   proposed device's functionality.
Technical              AutoDensity software runs in a    APEX software runs on QDR X-    AutoDensity software runs in a  Yes, same as the predicate.
Characteristics         cloud-environment.             Ray Bone Densitometers.          cloud-environment.
                  VEA Align generates spine       The Hologic APEX software       AutoDensity generates bone       Yes, the subject device is
                       landmarks from 2D X-ray images   generates a range of reports and   mineral density information          substantially equivalent to the
                         acquired with EOSedge system,   images utilizing the DXA data        utilizing the dual-energy images    predicate device as they both used
                      used to compute alignment        acquired with the Hologic QDR     acquired with the EOSedge      EOSedge images to compute
                                clinical parameters.               systems. It can display the DXA    system. It computes bone            clinical parameters.
                                                  measurements along with a        mineral density measurements    The subject device is also
                                                             representative color image        from "aluminum" and "PMMA"      equivalent to the reference device
                                                   mapping of bone and soft tissue.   images:                        as they both enable bone mineral
                                                                                                                 assessments to be identified from                                                                                                    •   Aluminum image is
                                                                                                                              bone-equivalent and tissues-                                                                                                     bone-equivalent
                                                                                                                                   equivalent images.                                                                                                               density,


                                                                                                   Page 5 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                                                          AutoDensity


Specification                  Predicate               Reference Device             Subject Device
Manufacturer            EOS imaging                     Hologic              EOS imaging             Substantial Equivalence
                                      APEX Software for QDR X-                                       Discussion
System              VEA Align (K251747)       Ray Bone Densitometers             AutoDensity
                                                         (K072847)
                                                                                                    •  PMMA image is soft
                                                                                                            tissue-equivalent
                                                                                                               density.
                     The software allows:            The software allows:            The software allows:              Yes, the subject device is
                      Assessment of patient spinal           •   Assessment of bone     Assessment of bone density with   substantially equivalent to the
                           global alignment.                            density with lumbar       lumbar spine.                     reference device as they both
                                                                                                                    assess bone mineral density of                                                                        spine, double hip and
                                                                                                                      lumbar spine.                                                                             wrist examinations.
                                                                 •   Diagnosis of vertebral
                                                                          fractures using lowdose spinal imaging.
                                                                 •    Instant quantification of
                                                         bone quality of a lumbar
                                                                   spine examination.
                                                        Other functionalities are available
                                                  on the system that are not
                                                          described in this comparison
                                                                    table.
Principles of         VEA Align workflow is divided    APEX software workflow is        AutoDensity workflow is divided    Yes, same
Operation                 into the following steps:            divided into the following main       into the following main steps:
                              •   Data Acquisition           steps:                                 •   Data Ingestion,
                              •   Data Computation             •   Data Acquisition,              •   Data Computation,
                              •   Report Generation             •   Data Computation,            •   Report Generation.
                                                                 •   Report Generation.
Device Input            X-ray images from EOS and       Dual-energy X-ray images         Dual-energy X-ray images from    Yes, the subject device is
                   EOSedge systems                                      EOSedge systems                  substantially equivalent to the
                                                                                                                                   predicate device as they both uses
                                                                                                 EOSedge images as input.
Device Output       VEA Align processes data and    APEX software processes data     AutoDensity processes data and   Yes, the subject device is
                         generates:                    and generates:                    generates:                           substantially equivalent to the
                                                                                                                                   predicate device as they both


                                                                                                   Page 6 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                                                          AutoDensity


Specification                  Predicate               Reference Device             Subject Device
Manufacturer            EOS imaging                     Hologic              EOS imaging             Substantial Equivalence
                                      APEX Software for QDR X-                                       Discussion
System              VEA Align (K251747)       Ray Bone Densitometers             AutoDensity
                                                         (K072847)
                              •   Preview of the spine           •   Previews with vertebrae       •   Previews with vertebrae   generate clinical parameters and
                             used to compute                used for BMD                  used for BMD            preview of the images used to
                               landmarks and clinical                                                              compute them.                                                                   computation,                      computation,
                               parameters                                                                    The subject device is also                                                                 •  BMD measurement.           •  BMD measurements.                              •   Alignment clinical                                                                                equivalent to the reference device
                               parameters                                                                          as they both process data and
                                                                                                                         generate previews and BMD
                                                                                                                 measurements.
Regions of Interest    VEA Align computes landmarks    Region of interest detection is     Region of interest detection is      Yes, the subject device is
detection               associated with vertebral centers   done for at least the following     done for the following anatomical   substantially equivalent to the
                     and endplates needed to          anatomical body part:            body part:                         reference device as they both
                           calculate coronal and sagittal           •   Spine (lumbar                 •   Spine (lumbar            perform region of interest detection
                                clinical parameters.                          vertebrae):                         vertebrae)             on similar anatomical body parts.
                                                        o   Frontal: L1, L2,           o   Frontal: L1, L2,
                                                                 L3 and L4                     L3 and L4.

Provides Bone        N/A                         Bone Mineral Density values are   Bone Mineral Density values are   Yes, the subject device is
Mineral Density                                     computed for at least the         computed for the following          substantially equivalent to the
Value                                                          following anatomical body part:     anatomical body part:              reference device in that Bone
                                                                 •   Spine (lumbar                 •   Spine (lumbar            Mineral Density values are also
                                                                        vertebrae):                         vertebrae):             computed using L1 to L4.
                                                   o   Frontal: L1, L2,           o   Frontal: L1, L2,
                                                                              L3, L4 and                        L3, L4 and
                                                                                               total BMD                               total BMD
Information Provided   Patient information                 Patient information                 Patient information               Yes, same
in the Report           Examination information           Examination information           Examination information
                     Landmark detection            ROI detection                 ROI detection
                        Alignment clinical parameters     Bone Mineral Density Values     Bone Mineral Density Values


                                                                                                   Page 7 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                    AutoDensity

8  PERFORMANCE DATA
Non-clinical and clinical performance testing has been completed on the subject AutoDensity
device to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device and reference device. The
safety and effectiveness of AutoDensity's BMD output have not been established for the pediatric
population.

The following V&V testing was performed on the subject device:

   A.  Verification activities covering the following
           •  Design input review
           •   Unit testing
           •  Software integration
           •  System integration

   B. Region of Interest (ROI) Performance Evaluation
      To assess the standalone performance of the AI algorithm of AutoDensity, the test was
      performed with:
           •  A dedicated test data set containing different data from the training data set.
                Specifically, the test data set is not a sampling of the training data set, has never
            been used for the algorithm training or for tunning the algorithm and leakage
            between training and test data sets did not occur.
           •  A ground truth established for all cases following a 3 truther majority voting
                principle with input from a senior US board certified expert radiologist (gold
               standard).
           •  A global acceptance criterion to assess the performance of the AI algorithm
               predictions regarding the ground truth.
           •  Subgroup analyses to assess bias and generalizability.

       Training data information
      The AI algorithm was trained using 4,679 3D reconstructions and 9,358 corresponding
     EOS (K152788) or EOSedge (K233920) biplanar 2D X-ray images was selected to only
      keep relevant images with the fields of view of interest, at a variety of sites from 2007-
       2024. This population characteristics cover the intended use population.

       Testing data information
      The testing data set consisted of 129 patients and the demographic characteristics cover
       the intended use population. All cases were obtained from EOSedge systems (K233920)
       using low dose, single energy acquisition protocols.

      Subgroup definition (generalizability)
      Subgroup testing was performed to demonstrate generalizability of the algorithm:


                                                                    Page 8 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                             AutoDensity

       Type                Subgroup               Category
 Demographics*        Age                             Pediatric
                                                         Adult
                    Sex                       Male
                                               Female
 Image Acquisition*       Field of View                     Full Spine
                                                                 Full Body
 Data Collection Site     Country                US
                                    OUS
 Disease Conditions      Degenerative – Spine          Normal-Mild
                                                 Moderate
                                                 Severe
 Lumbar Morphometry    Vertebral Sagittal Angle for    Low
 (Levels evaluated        L1, L2, L3 and L4 each, and   Medium
 separately; maximum   maximum                                                   High
 angle compared to                          Vertebral Axial Rotation      Low view-plane)
                      (VAR) for L1, L2, L3 and L4    Medium
                        each, and maximum                                                   High


Ground truthing method:
Ground truth ROIs and level identification were established by two trained technologists
under the supervision of a senior US board-certified radiologist. The radiologist reviewed
the results, selected the more accurate set, and made any necessary adjustments,
ensuring that the final ground truth reflected a majority vote with expert adjudication as the
gold standard.

Testing method
Testing of the AutoDensity algorithm was performed against the ground truth to evaluate:
   •   Vertebral Level Identification, assessed based on the % of vertebral levels
        correctly identified compared to ground truth
   •  Spine ROI Accuracy, assessed by Dice Coefficient overlap between algorithm
       predicted ROIs and radiologist ground truth

Testing was performed with images acquired from single energy acquisitions. A bridging
study using 30 cases from dual energy acquisitions demonstrated equivalent performance
of the ROI algorithm and justified utilization of single energy acquisition images for this
purpose.

Acceptance Criteria
The acceptance criteria are used to characterize the performance of the AI algorithm
feature. As such, the following acceptance criteria were defined:
    •   Vertebral Level Identification Accuracy
        o  Percent of levels correctly identified ≥ 90%


                                                              Page 9 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                 AutoDensity

       •  Spine ROI Accuracy:
           o  Lower boundary of 95% CI of mean Dice Coefficient ≥ 0.80
   Testing summary
   Testing confirms that the AutoDensity ROI detection algorithm meets performance
    thresholds. The high accuracy in both vertebral level identification and ROI detection
   combined  with  strong  subgroup  performance,  supports   its   clinical   utility  and
    generalizability for the AutoDensity intended use population.

C. Bench performance testing
    Precision and agreement of BMD measurements in phantoms, compared to the reference
    device.
       •  BMD precision was assessed by measuring three phantoms ten times without
            repositioning. Results met the acceptance criterion (CV% < 1.5%), indicating
           equivalent precision performance  to the same phantoms scanned with the
          reference device.
       •  BMD agreement was assessed by measuring one phantom analyzed with
          AutoDensity and the reference device. Bland-Altman analysis showed a maximum
       BMD difference of 0.057 g/cm2 for the high BMD phantom vertebra, and a
           difference of less than 0.018 g.cm2 for the vertebrae within a clinically relevant
          range of BMD for the specified orthopedic planning workflow for pre-surgical
           patient evaluation of suspected low BMD.

D.  Clinical performance testing
    Clinical studies were performed to demonstrate the performance of AutoDensity with
   respect to:
       •   Precision of AutoDensity BMD measurements in 30 human subjects undergoing
          repeated measurements with repositioning. AutoDensity precision CV% was
         2.23% [95% CI: 1.78%, 2.98%] with the patient in a weight-bearing standing
            position, in contrast to modalities where the patient is lying supine and stabilized
           with positioning aids which yields higher precision for DXA densitometers. Despite
           the difference in mode of operation, AutoDensity precision performance is within
           the range of acceptable clinical limits for the specified pre-surgical orthopedic
           patient assessment.
       •  Bland-Altman agreement between AutoDensity and the reference device BMD
         measurements in a  clinical population of 253 subjects representative of the
          intended use population, including 65% US subjects and 35% French subjects;
       68% were female; the proportion of subjects aged below 50 years was 62% and
         above 50 was 38%; 56% of subjects had BMI below 25, 34% between 25-30 and
       10% between 30-35. Bland-Altman bias was 0.045 g/cm2 and limits of agreement
          (LoA) were  [-0.088  g/cm2, 0.178  g/cm2]. Bland-Altman  bias and LoA  for
          AutoDensity compared to the reference device were equivalent to published BlandPage 10 of 11

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                    AutoDensity

             Altman agreement between other commercial bone densitometers  in similar
                 clinical study populations.

The results demonstrate that the subject AutoDensity device is substantially equivalent to the
predicate and reference device for nonclinical and clinical testing.


9  CONCLUSION
Based on the information provided in this 510(k) submission, it was determined that the subject
device, AutoDensity, is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device and
reference device with regards to indications for use, intended use, design, technology, and
performance.


                                                                    Page 11 of 11