Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.
Omar Naimi
Regulatory Affairs & Quality Management Systems Analyst
Suite 1800, 707 8 Avenue SW                                           October 27, 2025
Calgary, AB T2P 1H5
Canada

Re: K251027
    Trade/Device Name: cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 25, 2025
    Received: September 26, 2025

Dear Omar Naimi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251027 - Omar Naimi                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn

K251027 - Omar Naimi                                                               Page  3


(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251027

Device Name
cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application


Indications for Use (Describe)
cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and
quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital Imaging and Communications in
Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.

It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in qualitative and quantitative assessment of cardiac CT images to determine
the presence and extent of coronary plaques and stenoses, in patients who underwent Coronary Computed Tomography
Angiography (CCTA) for evaluation of CAD or suspected CAD.

cvi42 Coronary Plaque’s semi-automated machine learning algorithms are intended for an adult population.

cvi42 Coronary Plaque shall be used only for cardiac images acquired from a CT scanner. It shall be used by qualified
medical professionals, experienced in examining cardiovascular CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic
information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251027


                    Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
Address:                   Suite 1800 – 707 8th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 1H5
Date Prepared:            October 27, 2025
Telephone Number:       +1 587 686 0784
Contact Person :        Omar Naimi
Email:                     omar.naimi@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

510(k)                  K251027
Name of the Device:        cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application
Common or Usual Name:   Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name:       Medical Image Management and Processing System
Proposed Classification:   Device Class: II
                           Product Code: QIH, LLZ
                           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICE

The predicate device(s) identified are cvi42 Auto Imaging Software Application manufactured by
Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc. (K213998) as the primary predicate, and Cleerly Labs
manufactured by Cleerly Inc. (K190868) as the secondary predicate.

The predicate device(s) have not been subject to a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 1 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary

    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Circle’s cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application (‘cvi42 Coronary Plaque’ or ‘Coronary
Plaque Module’, for short) is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) that enables the analysis of
CT Angiography scans of the coronary arteries of the heart. It is designed to support physicians
in the visualization, evaluation, and analysis of coronary vessel plaques through manual or semiautomatic segmentation of vessel lumen and wall to determine the presence and extent of
coronary plaques and luminal stenoses,  in patients who underwent Coronary Computed
Tomography Angiography (CCTA)  for the evaluation of coronary artery disease (CAD) or
suspected CAD. The device is intended to be used as an aid to the existing standard of care and
does not replace existing software applications that physicians use. The Coronary Plaque Module
can be integrated into an image viewing software intended for visualization of cardiac images,
such as Circle’s FDA-cleared cvi42 Software Application. The Coronary Plaque Module does not
interface directly with any data collection equipment, and its functionality is independent of the
type of vendor acquisition equipment. The analysis results are available on-screen, can be sent
to report or saved for future review.
The Coronary Plaque Module consists of multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) views, curved planar
reformation (CPR) and straightened views, and 3D rendering of the original CT data. The Module
displays three orthogonal MPR views that the user can freely adjust to any position and
orientation. Lines and regions of interest (ROIs) can be manually drawn on these MPR images
for quantitative measurements.
The Coronary Plaque Module implements an Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML)
algorithm to detect lumen and vessel wall structures. Further, the module implements postprocessing methods to convert coronary artery lumen and vessel wall structures to editable
surfaces and detect the presence and type of coronary plaque in the region between the lumen
and vessel wall. All surfaces generated by the system are editable and users are advised to verify
and correct any errors.
The device allows users to perform the measurements listed in Table 1.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 2 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary


                                     Table 1. Measurements in the Coronary Plaque Module
Measurement [units]      Description                                                 Display
Calcified Plaque (CP)     The volume of calcified plaque (CP) in a lesion or all the lesions    •  On Screen Data Panel
Volume [mm3]                in a vessel.                                                       •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                                                                                  Module Report
Non-Calcified Plaque      The volume of non-calcified plaque (NCP) in a lesion or all the      •  On Screen Data Panel
(NCP) Volume [mm3]       lesions in a vessel.                                               •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                                                                                  Module Report
Low-Attenuation Plaque   The volume of low-attenuation plaque (LAP) in a lesion or all       •  On Screen Data Panel
(LAP) Volume [mm3]        the lesions in a vessel; LAP volume is also included in NCP        •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                         volume.                                                    Module Report
Total Plaque Volume      The volume of total plaque including CP and NCP (with LAP) in     •  On Screen Data Panel
[mm3]                  a lesion or all the lesions in a vessel.                              •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                                                                                  Module Report
Calcified Plaque (CP)     The burden of CP in a lesion or the whole vessel; obtained by      •  On Screen Data Panel
Burden [%]                  dividing the CP volume by the lesion vessel wall or entire vessel    •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                         volume, as appropriate.                                       Module Report
Non-Calcified Plaque      The burden of NCP in a lesion or the whole vessel; obtained by     •  On Screen Data Panel
(NCP) Burden [%]           dividing the NCP volume by the lesion vessel wall or entire         •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                           vessel volume, as appropriate.                                  Module Report
Low-Attenuation Plaque   The burden of LAP in a lesion or the whole vessel; obtained by     •  On Screen Data Panel
(LAP) Burden [%]           dividing the LAP volume by the lesion vessel wall or entire          •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                           vessel volume, as appropriate.                                  Module Report
Total Plaque Burden      The burden of total plaque in a lesion or the whole vessel;          •  On Screen Data Panel
[%]                       obtained by dividing the total plaque volume by the lesion          •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                           vessel wall or entire vessel volume, as appropriate.                 Module Report
Remodeling Index [no    A measure of enlargement of vessel dimensions to                 •  On Screen Data Panel
unit]                   accommodate plaque development compared to normal vessel     •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                             sections; it is expressed as the ratio of the largest diameter           Module Report
                          across the lesion and reference diameter (or maximum vessel
                             wall cross-sectional area and reference vessel wall crosssectional area).

Diameter-Based           Stenosis expressed as the percent amount of reduced lumen       •  On Screen Data Panel
Stenosis [%]               diameter compared with reference diameter.                       •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                                                                                  Module Report

Area-Based Stenosis       Stenosis expressed as the percent amount of reduced lumen       •  On Screen Data Panel
[%]                      area compared with reference area.                               •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                                                                                  Module Report

Lesion Length [mm]       The length of the lesion.                                          •  On Screen Data Panel
                                                                                             •   Coronaries (Plaque)
                                                                                  Module Report


          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 3 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary


   V.    INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

Intended Use
Viewing,  post-processing,  qualitative and  quantitative  evaluation  of  blood  vessels and
cardiovascular CT images in DICOM format.
Indications for Use
cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing,
qualitative and quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular computed tomography (CT) images in a
Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.
It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in qualitative and quantitative assessment of cardiac
CT images to determine the presence and extent of coronary plaques and stenoses, in patients
who underwent Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography (CCTA) for evaluation of CAD or
suspected CAD.
cvi42 Coronary Plaque’s semi-automated machine learning algorithms are intended for an adult
population.
cvi42 Coronary Plaque shall be used only for cardiac images acquired from a CT scanner. It
shall be used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining cardiovascular CT
images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive
diagnostic decision-making process.


    VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

The detailed analysis of the subject device and the predicate devices (shown in Table 2 and
Table 3) demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent in indications for use /
intended use, technological characteristics, functionality, and operating principles with the primary
(K213998) and secondary (K190868)  predicates. Of  the  three  characteristics  (technical,
biological, and clinical) required for the demonstration of equivalence, biological characteristics
are not applicable since both the subject device and predicate device(s) are software as a medical
device applications with no tangible component interfacing with the body.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 4 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary


                                                      Table 2. Intended use and indications comparison.


             Subject Device                                Primary Predicate                           Secondary Predicate
              cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application          cvi42 Auto Imaging Software Application (K213998)   Cleerly Labs (K190868)

             Manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.  Manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.  Manufactured by Cleerly Inc.
Intended     Viewing, post-processing, qualitative and             Viewing, post-processing, qualitative and           N/A
Use           quantitative evaluation of blood vessels and           quantitative evaluation of blood vessels and
              cardiovascular CT images in DICOM format.          cardiovascular MR and CT images in DICOM
                                                                     format.
Indications    cvi42 Coronary Plaque Software Application is        cvi42 Auto is intended to be used for viewing, post-    Cleerly Labs is a web-based software application
for Use       intended to be used for viewing, post-processing,     processing, qualitative and quantitative evaluation     that is intended to be used by trained medical
                qualitative and quantitative evaluation of               of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) and      professionals as an interactive tool for viewing and
              cardiovascular computed tomography (CT) images   computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital       analyzing cardiac computed tomography (CT) data
                 in a Digital Imaging and Communications in          Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)   for determining the presence and extent of
             Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.                Standard format.                                  coronary plaques and stenosis in patients who
                                                                                                         underwent Coronary Computed Tomography
                       It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in              It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in        Angiography (CCTA) for evaluation of CAD or
                qualitative and quantitative assessment of cardiac     qualitative assessment of cardiac images and        suspected CAD. This software post processes CT
          CT images to determine the presence and extent of   quantitative measurements of the heart and         images obtained using any Computed Tomography
             coronary plaques and stenoses, in patients who      adjacent vessels; perform calcium scoring; and to    (CT) scanner.
             underwent Coronary Computed Tomography         confirm the presence or absence of physicianAngiography (CCTA) for evaluation of CAD or          identified lesion in blood vessels.                 The software provides tools for the measurement
             suspected CAD.                                                                          and visualization of coronary arteries. The software
                                                     The target population for cvi42 Auto’s manual           is not intended to replace the skill and judgment of
              cvi42 Coronary Plaque’s semi-automated machine    workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42 Auto’s    a qualified medical practitioner and should only be
               learning algorithms are intended for an adult         semi-automated machine learning algorithms are     used by people who have been appropriately
               population.                                        intended for an adult population.                       trained in the software’s functions, capabilities and
                                                                                                                                           limitations. Users should be aware that certain
              cvi42 Coronary Plaque shall be used only for         cvi42 Auto shall be used only for cardiac images     views make use of interpolated data. This is data
              cardiac images acquired from a CT scanner. It shall   acquired from an MR or CT scanner. It shall be        that is created by the software based on the original
            be used by qualified medical professionals,         used by qualified medical professionals,             data set. Interpolated data may give the
             experienced in examining cardiovascular CT         experienced in examining and evaluating           appearance of healthy tissue in situations where
             images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic       cardiovascular MR or CT images, for the purpose of  pathology that is near or smaller than the scanning
              information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic     obtaining diagnostic information as part of a           resolution may be present.
             decision-making process.                         comprehensive diagnostic decision-making
                                                                 process.


                        Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 5 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary


                                                     Table 3. Regulatory and technological features comparison.
Feature                       Subject Device                    Primary Predicate                Secondary Predicate              Comparison
                              Coronary Plaque Module               cvi42 Auto (K213998)                   Cleerly Labs (K190868)

                              Manufactured by Circle               Manufactured by Circle               Manufactured by Cleerly Inc
                                Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.            Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.
Device Class                                  II                                                              II                                                              II                          Same as predicate device(s)

Product Code                  QIH, LLZ                           QIH, LLZ                        LLZ                         Same as primary predicate device,
                                                                                                                                       secondary predicate uses AI/ML
                                                                                                                                                                              functionality.

Regulation Name                Medical image management and       Medical image management and        Picture archiving and             Same as primary predicate device,
                                processing system                    processing system                   communications system              secondary predicate uses AI/ML
                                                                                                                                                                              functionality.

Regulation Number            21 CFR § 892.2050                21 CFR § 892.2050                21 CFR § 892.2050              Same as predicate device(s)

Computer operating system     macOS, Microsoft Windows         macOS, Microsoft Windows            Client-Server Google Chrome       Same as primary predicate device.
                                                                                                                   Application                        Core functionality of subject
                                                                                                                                               device unaffected by OS. No
                                                                                                                                                           safety or effectiveness concerns
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         .
Imaging Modalities           CT                     MR and CT                   CT                         Same as the predicate device(s)
                                                                                                                                                           with the exception that the primary
                                                                                                                                                       predicate also allows MR inputs.

DICOM Compliant             Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

Import and display CT images    Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

Post process CCT images       Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

Images can be displayed by     Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)
study and series
2D Imaging                  Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

2D Measurement              Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

3D Imaging                  Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)


                               Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 6 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary


Multiplanar reformatting (MPR)   Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

Segmentation of Region of       Manual and Semi-Automatic (using    Manual and Semi-Automatic (using    Manual and Semi-Automatic (using    Same as the predicate device(s),
Interest                      Machine Learning technique)         Machine Learning technique)         Machine Learning Technique)          with the exception that the primary
                              Segmentation of Coronary Vessels,     Centerline Generation of the          Segmentation of Coronary Vessels,     predicate does not offer
                                   Including Lumen and Vessel Wall      Coronary Vessels.                      Including Lumen and Vessel Wall      segmentation of the lumen and
                                   Structures.                                                                      Structures.                           vessel wall structures.

                                                                                                                        The successful passing of the
                                                                                                        V&V performance testing has
                                                                                                                                       demonstrated that the addition of
                                                                                                                                               semi-automatic segmentation of
                                                                                                                                                     the lumen and vessel wall
                                                                                                                                                             structures does not raise new
                                                                                                                                                 questions of safety.

Plaque Thresholds            Yes                         No                             Yes                               Both the subject device and
                                                                                                                                       secondary predicate device
                                                                                                                                                   provide plaque thresholds.

Measurements
Signal Density [HU]            Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)

Distance Measurements        Yes                            Yes                            Yes                         Same as predicate device(s)
(Vessel, Lesion, Length) [mm]
Volumetric Plaque                       - Non-Calcified Plaque (NCP)              -    Calcified Plaque (CP)                  - Total Vessel                   The subject device and the
Measurements [mm3]                   - Low-Attenuation Plaque (LAP)                                                                - Total Lumen                     secondary predicate display the
                                                -  Calcified Plaque (CP)                                                                            - Non-Calcified Plaque (NCP)       same measurements, with the
                                                - Total Plaque                                                                                        - Low-Density Non-Calcified Plaque   exception of Total Vessel and
                                                                                                (LD-NCP)                           Total Lumen – which are
                                                                                                                                                           -  Calcified Plaque (CP)               calculated but not reported as a
                                                                                                                                                           - Total Plaque                      device output.

Remodeling Index             Yes                         No                             Yes                         Same as the secondary predicate
                                                                                                                                                        device.

Stenosis [%]                               - Diameter-Based Stenosis                 - Diameter-Based Stenosis                 - Diameter-Based Stenosis        Same as predicate device(s)
                                                - Area-Based Stenosis                       - Area-Based Stenosis                       - Area-Based Stenosis


                               Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 7 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary

    VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in
accordance with ISO 13485:2016, IEC 62304:2015, ISO 14971:2019, and DICOM standards.
Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and performance of
the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of
Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device Premarket Submission”. No clinical studies were
necessary to support substantial equivalence.
The Coronary Plaque Module has been tested according  to the  specifications  that are
documented in a Master Software Test Plan. Testing is an integral part of Circle Cardiovascular
Imaging Inc.’s software development as described in the company’s product development
process.

Cybersecurity Testing
The Coronary Plaque Module has been designed to meet cybersecurity requirements  in
accordance  with FDA  Guidance  “Cybersecurity  in  Medical  Devices:  Quality  System
Considerations and Content of Premarket Submissions”, through the use of threat modeling,
software composition analysis (SCA), static analysis, vulnerability testing, and a risk assessment
based on exploitability and severity of harm.
Penetration testing was conducted to ensure that there were no unidentified vulnerabilities and
that the appropriate risk control measures were implemented to protect from known vulnerabilities
when the device subject to a source of threat.
Circle maintains a cybersecurity risk management plan for post-market monitoring and response.

Validation of non-Machine Learning Outputs
The validation of non-ML and mathematical outputs in the Coronary Plaque Module have been
performed through general in-house software QA verification and validation processes including
unit  tests, content/phantom  tests,  quantitative and  qualitative analysis, and visual/manual
evaluation.

Validation of Machine Learning Derived Outputs

The Machine Learning (ML) algorithms of the Coronary Plaque Module have been trained and
tested on images acquired from major vendors of CT imaging devices. All data used for validation
were not used during the development of the ML algorithms. Image information for all samples
was anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers. The validation data was sourced from
multiple sites, with 100% of the data sampled from US sources.

Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 8 of 9

Coronary Plaque Module 510(k) Summary

The performance of the ML-based coronary vessel and lumen wall segmentation algorithm was
evaluated against pre-defined acceptance  criteria and compared to a reference standard
established from three expert annotators. Segmentation accuracy was quantified using the Dice
Similarity Coefficient (DSC) and Hausdorff Distance (HD), while the correlation of derived plaque
volumes across plaque compositions was assessed with the Pearson Correlation Coefficient
(PCC). All performance testing results met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.

                      Endpoint                Results             Pass / Fail
             Lumen Mean DSC          0.76                  Pass
                 Wall Mean DSC            0.80                  Pass
             Lumen Mean HD           0.77 mm               Pass
                 Wall Mean HD             0.87 mm               Pass
             TP PCC                   0.97                  Pass
            CP PCC                   0.99                  Pass
            NCP PCC                 0.93                  Pass
             LAP PCC                  0.74                  Pass


The ML algorithms of the Coronary Plaque Module demonstrated consistent and comparable
performance across diverse subgroups, including variations in scanner vendor, tube current, pixel
resolution, slice thickness, patient age, sex, vessel location, and plaque lesion volume.


     VIII.  CONCLUSION

The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and
predicate device comparison, support the safety and effectiveness of the Coronary Plaque
Module as compared to the predicate device(s) when used for the defined intended use.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 9 of 9