September 11, 2025
GE Medical Systems, LLC
Xinyu Song
Lead Specialist, Regulatory Affairs - MR
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K251399
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA™ Sprint
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI, MOS
    Dated: August 13, 2025
    Received: August 13, 2025

Dear Xinyu Song:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K251399 - Xinyu Song                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251399 - Xinyu Song                                                                Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                                      Digitally                NINGZH
                                            signed by
                                      I LI -S    NINGZHI LI -S
                                                  for
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use

  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
                                                                 K251399            ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

SIGNA TM Sprint


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?

The SIGNATM Sprint is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high
signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times.  It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce
axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra,
dynamic images of the structures and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head,
neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal
regions of the body. Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.

The images produced by SIGNATM Sprint reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield
information that mav assist in diaqnosis.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  � Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                               ?                                                                  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D


SIGNA Sprint

SIGNA™ Sprint
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

K251399                      510(k) Summary

     In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date           September 10, 2025
              GE Medical Systems, LLC
 Submitter      3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                Waukesha, WI USA 53188
                  Xinyu Song
                Lead Specialist, Regulatory Affairs, MR Primary              GE HealthCare Contact Person                 Phone: 86 186 1188 4503
                    E-mail: Xinyu.Song@gehealthcare.com

                 Glen Sabin
                   Director - Regulatory Affairs, MR Strategy Secondary              GE HealthCare Contact Person                 Phone: 262 894-4968
                    E-mail: Glen.Sabin@gehealthcare.com
 Device Trade                 SIGNATM Sprint Name
 Common/Usual                 Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device Name
 Classification                 Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device per 21 CFR 892.1000 Names
 Product Code   LNH, LNI, MOS
 Predicate                 SIGNATM Premier (K193282) Device
 Reference             (1) SIGNATM Artist (K202238)
 Device                 (2) SIGNATM Champion (K233728)


Reason for Submission:
   This 510(k) is being submitted due to the introduction of SIGNATM Sprint, a new 1.5T MR
   system from GE HealthCare.


                                                                                            Page 1 of 6

SIGNA™ Sprint
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

Device Description:
   SIGNA™ Sprint is a whole-body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high
    resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan time. The system uses a combination
    of time-varying magnet fields (Gradients) and RF transmissions to obtain information
   regarding the density and position of elements exhibiting magnetic resonance. The
   system can image in the sagittal, coronal, axial, oblique, and double oblique planes, using
   various pulse sequences, imaging techniques and reconstruction algorithms. The system
   features a 1.5T superconducting magnet with 70cm bore size. The system is designed to
   conform to NEMA DICOM standards (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine).

   Key aspects of the system design:
   •  Uses the same magnet as a conventional whole-body 1.5T system, with integral active
       shielding and a zero boil-off cryostat.
   •  A gradient coil that achieves up to 65 mT/m peak gradient amplitude and 200 T/m/s
      peak slew rate.
   •  An embedded body coil that reduces thermal and enhance intra-bore visibility.
   •  A newly designed 1.5T AIR Posterior Array.
   •  A detachable patient table.
   •  A platform software with various PSD and applications, including the following AI
       features:
        o  AIRx™ (Cleared in K183231)
        o  AIR™ Recon DL (Cleared in K202238)
        o  Sonic DL™ (Cleared in K223523)

Indications for Use
   The SIGNA™ Sprint is a whole-body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high
    resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a
   diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images,
   spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the
    structures and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck,
   TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and
   musculoskeletal regions of the body. Depending on the region of interest being imaged,
   contrast agents may be used.
   The images produced by SIGNA™ Sprint reflect the spatial distribution or molecular
   environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when
   interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


                                                                                            Page 2 of 6

SIGNA™ Sprint
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

Comparison of Indications for Use
   The changes in technology do not impact the indications for use. The indications for use
   have not been changed, other than to reflect the SIGNA™ Sprint product name.
   Therefore, the intended use is the same as the predicate device in accordance with the
   FDA’s guidance document “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in
   Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.

Technology
   The SIGNA™ Sprint employs the same fundamental scientific technology as its predicate
    device.
   SIGNA™ Sprint is built with a superconducting magnet, gradient, RF transmit architecture,
   RF receive chain and software application suite.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics
    Overall, the SIGNA™ Sprint employs the same fundamental scientific technology and
   operating principles as the predicate device and reference devices.
   There are some differences in characteristics between the proposed device and the
   predicate/reference devices, as summarized below:

 Subsystem or     Predicate Device       Proposed Device              Comments
  Component      SIGNATM Premier        SIGNATM Sprint
                      (K193282)
 Magnet          3.0T Superconducting    1.5T Superconducting   The magnet has same technology with
                Magnet with active      Magnet with active       different magnet field strength, and
                    shielding.                 shielding.              minor modification on enclosure.
                                                                                                   It is identical with Reference Device
                                                              SIGNATM Artist.
 Gradient       A gradient coil with water-cooled, active-shielded  The gradient coil is modified to
 Subsystem       design.                                      reduced DC resistance and AC
                                                         impedance for less cooling
                                                                  requirements.
 RF Transmit      3.0T Transmit with       1.5T Transmit with      The platform body coil is modified to
 Subsystem     embedded body coil    embedded body coil     reduce thermal and enhance intra-bore
               and local T/R coil.      and local T/R coil.          visibility.
                                                         The RF Transmit Subsystem except
                                                        body coil is identical with Reference
                                                                 Device SIGNATM Artist.
 RF Receive       3.0T Digitize-Per-Pin     1.5T Digitize-Per-Pin     The RF Receive Subsystem uses the
 Subsystem      (DPP) receive chain      (DPP) receive chain     same technology with different RF
                    architecture.             architecture.            frequency.
                                                                                                   It is identical with Reference Device
                                                              SIGNATM Artist.

                                                                                            Page 3 of 6

SIGNA™ Sprint
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification


 Subsystem or     Predicate Device       Proposed Device              Comments
  Component      SIGNATM Premier        SIGNATM Sprint
                      (K193282)
 RF Coils –       Comprehensive suite    Comprehensive suite    The RF coils use same technology with
 detachable       of 3.0T detachable        of 1.5T detachable        different RF frequency.
                     coils for imaging all       coils for imaging all                                                          They are substantial equivalent with
                 anatomies.             anatomies.                                                                Reference Device SIGNATM Artist’s RF
                                                                                   coils.
 RF Coil –         AIR Posterior Array       1.5T AIR Posterior       The 1.5T AIR Posterior Array coil has
 embedded                               Array                   the same fundamental scientific
                                                                        principles and similar SNR and
                                                                  Uniformity measurements within their
                                                              operated field strength. It is
                                                                        substantially equivalent with SIGNA™
                                                                   Premier’s AIR PA coil.
 Software        Comprehensive suite of software features, pulse   SIGNA™ Sprint uses equivalent
 Features        sequences, and image processing applications to   software with predicate and reference
                 support MR imaging of all anatomies.               devices.
 Gating           Respiratory peripheral and cardiac gating with    SIGNA™ Sprint uses the identical gating
 Accessories      wireless connection.                              accessories with predicate and
                                                                    reference devices.

   These differences do not raise any different questions regarding safety and effectiveness.
   Both devices must address questions of whether they provide an adequate level of image
    quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance data described in this submission
   include results of both bench testing and clinical testing that show the image quality
   performance of SIGNA™ Sprint compared to the predicate device.

Comparison of Operating Principles: The SIGNA™ Sprint functions using the same operating
principles as the predicate device.

Comparison of Materials: The SIGNA™ Sprint and the predicate device both use flame
retardant materials.

Comparison of Safety and Performance Testing: Both the SIGNA™ Sprint and the predicate
device comply with the same safety and performance testing (see Determination of
Substantial Equivalence, below).
These technological differences do not raise any different questions regarding safety and
effectiveness. Both devices must address questions of whether they provide an adequate
level of image quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance data described in this
submission include results of both bench testing and clinical testing that show the image
quality performance of SIGNA™ Sprint compared to the predicate device.


                                                                                            Page 4 of 6

SIGNA™ Sprint
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
   Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
   The SIGNA™ Sprint and the predicate device were subject to similar risk management
    testing to demonstrate substantial equivalence of safety and performance.
   Testing to the following voluntary standards included:
      •  ANSI AAMI ES60601-1
      •  IEC 60601-1-2
      •  IEC 60601-2-33
      •  IEC 62304
      •  IEC 60601-1-6
      •  IEC 62366-1
      •  ISO 10993-1
      •  NEMA MS 1
      •  NEMA MS 2
      •  NEMA MS 3
      •  NEMA MS 4
      •  NEMA MS 5
      •  NEMA MS 8
      •  NEMA MS 9
      •  NEMA MS 14
      •  NEMA PS 3.1 – 3.20
   Both the SIGNA™ Sprint and the predicate device have a successful biocompatibility track
    record, as demonstrated by ISO 10993 testing and by their history of use in previously
   cleared devices.
   The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the subject
    device, as they were for the predicate device:
      •  Risk Analysis
      •  Requirements Reviews
      •  Design Reviews
      •  Testing on unit level (Module verification)
      •  Integration testing (System verification)
      •  Performance testing (Verification)
      •  Simulated use testing (Validation)
   Summary of Clinical Tests:
   The subject of this premarket submission, the SIGNA™ Sprint, did not require clinical
   studies to support substantial equivalence. Sample clinical images have been included in
    this submission.


                                                                                            Page 5 of 6

SIGNA™ Sprint
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification

   The sample clinical images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic image performance of the
   SIGNA™ Sprint in accordance with the FDA Guidance “Submission of Premarket
    Notifications for Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on October 10, 2023. The
   image quality of the SIGNA™ Sprint is substantially equivalent to that of the predicate
    device.


   Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
   The indications for use of the proposed device are comparable to the claimed predicate
    device. The SIGNA™ Sprint employs equivalent technology to the claimed predicate
    device. Additionally, the results from the above non-clinical tests demonstrate that the
   device performs as intended. Therefore, the SIGNA™ Sprint is substantially equivalent to
   the predicate device to which it has been compared.


Conclusion
    In conclusion, GE HealthCare considers the SIGNA™ Sprint to be as safe, as effective, with
   performance that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                            Page 6 of 6