May 9, 2025

Philips Ultrasound LLC
Vera Kong
Regulatory Affairs Manager
22100 Bothell Everett Highway
Bothell, Washington 98021


Re: K251110
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems; Affiniti Series Diagnostic
                        Ultrasound Systems
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH, OBJ
    Dated: April 11, 2025
    Received: April 11, 2025


Dear Vera Kong:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K251110 - Vera Kong                                                                 Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251110 - Vera Kong                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use

 Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                 K251110            ? textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems;
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems

 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?
EPIQ:
The intended use of Philips EPIQ series diagnostic ultrasound systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, lntraoperative (Vascular), lntraoperative (Cardiac),
lntra-luminal, Intra-cardiac Echo, Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial),
Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),
Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode,
Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.
The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with
image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and
live echo guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures
and operating instructions given in the product user information.
Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for
which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for
sound clinical judgment and best clinical procedure.

Affiniti:
The intended use of the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
fluid flow analysis of the human body with the following Indications for Use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, lntraoperative (Vascular), lntraoperative (Cardiac),
Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel,
Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
Modes of operation include: B Mode, M Mode, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Mode ,
Power Doppler, and Harmonic Imaging.
The clinical environments where the Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include Clinics,
Hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures
and operating instructions given in the product user information.
Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for
which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for
sound clinical iudQment and best clinical procedure.
 Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     [gJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                               ?                                                                   Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)  applicable).                    D

Special 510(k) Summary

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

510(k) Number: K251110

Date Prepared: Apr 11, 2025


      I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and        Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy Bothell,
                       WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information          Vera Kong
                                       Regulatory Affairs Manager
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                + 86 139 1311 8726

        Secondary Contact             Erdit Gremi
                                            Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Philips Ultrasound LLC
                                  22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA
                                 +1 (617) 798-8092

      II.     Device

         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                       Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Regulation Description        Classification Description       21 CFR §      Product Code
                                   Primary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed doppler,
                                                                    892.1550       IYN
                                            ultrasonic
                                 Secondary
                                    System, imaging, pulsed echo,
                                                                    892.1560      IYO
                                            ultrasonic
                                      Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic   892.1570       ITX
                                  Automated Radiological Image
                                                                    892.2050      QIH                                     Processing Software
                                        Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter   870.1200      OBJ*
                                *EPIQ only

        Device Class                 Class II

       Review Panel                 Radiology
        Predicate Device            K240850; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                  K240850; Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
       Reference Devices           K243862; LVivo Software Application
                                   K243235; LVivo Software Application

III.     Device Description

The purpose of this Special 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to modify the Segmental Wall Motion and
introduce Auto EF with contrast software application onto the  Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems. SWM algorithm was previously
cleared (K243862) and Auto EF contrast algorithm(K243235) was also previously cleared. The current
software release version VM 13, replaces the previous version of the segmental wall motion algorithm
included in version 11 of the software release with the current cleared version (K243862) without any
modifications, and integrates Auto EF contrast algorithm(K243235) without any modifications into one
software release.

The SWM v2 software automatically evaluates the segmental (regional) function of the left ventricle
(LV) from adult TTE echo examinations. For input, the SWM algorithm uses 3 apical views (A4C, A2C
and A3C) and performs border detection and tracking to identify each of the LV segments based on
the three views. The SWM v2 software is a semi-automated quantitative imaging algorithm, as users
are generally expected to review and concur with the initial and generated results. The users can also
manually edit algorithm-generated segmental wall motion scores for individual segments based on
their clinical expertise.

Auto EF with contrast is an AI based automated software feature that assists clinicians with assessing
Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) from images acquired with contrast agent as part of an adult
transthoracic echo (TTE) examination. The feature  is located  within the  Philips Auto EF Adv
application. Auto EF with contrast uses 2 apical views (Apical four chamber view (A4C), Apical two
chamber (A2C)) and provides EF for each view and a biplane Simpsons EF.

No hardware changes to the EPIQ or Affiniti systems were made due to the SWM v2 and Auto EF with
contrast, and existing, cleared Philips TTE transducers are used with these software applications.

The SWM v2 and Auto EF with contrast feature is supported by all EPIQ models running software
version 13.0 or higher including EPIQ CVx/CVxi, EPIQ Elite Advanced, EPIQ Elite, EPIQ 7, EPIQ 5,
as well as all Affiniti models including Affiniti CVx, Affiniti 70, Affiniti 50, and Affiniti 30. The SWM v2
and Auto EF with contrast software features are associated with the cardiac adult indication.

IV.     Intended Use and Indications for Use


EPIQ Intended Use:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
 fluid flow analysis of the human body.

EPIQ Indications for Use:

The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
 flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:


Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
 (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
 (Cardiac),  intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal
 (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
 Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
 Doppler, Harmonic Imaging.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic ultrasound Systems can be used include
 clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
 with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live

X-ray and live echo guidance.


The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound
clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.


Note: There are no changes to the EPIQ Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to modifythe
Segmental Wall Motion and the introduction of Auto EF with contrast software applications. The
software applications are associated with the Cardiac Adult indication.


Affiniti Intended Use:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body.

Affiniti Indications for Use:

The intended use of Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:


Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac Other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic
(Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative
(Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
Transvaginal, Lung.


Modes of operation include: B, M, PW Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power
Doppler, Harmonic Imaging.


The clinical environments where the Affiniti diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics,
hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.


The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information.


Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for
which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility
for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

Note: There are no changes to the  Affiniti Ultrasound System Indications for Use due to modify
Segmental Wall Motion  and the introduction of Auto EF with contrast software applications. The
software applications are associated with the Cardiac Adult indication.

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate

          The purpose of this Special 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to modify Segmental Wall Motion and introduce Auto EF with contrast
             software application onto the Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems.
            Table 1 shows an evaluation of the subject device to the predicate device (K240850) to allow for comparison of the product intended
             use, Indications for Use, technological characteristics and other aspects of use and design.


                                              Table 1 Comparison to Predicate -EPIQ and Affiniti


             EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound                                         EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound LVivo Software Application         LVivo Software Application
                        System                                                     System                       K243862                    K243235
                          Affiniti Series Diagnostic                                                               Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound        Feature (SWM v2)        Feature (Auto EF with contrast)
    Feature           Ultrasound System                                                                                                 Comparison                                                     System                Reference Predicate Device     Reference Predicate Device
                Feature: SWM Version 2 and Auto
                                                      K240850
                   EF with contrast
                                                           Predicate Device
                    Proposed Device

                Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac  Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac    LVivo platform is intended for non-  LVivo platform is                  Identical to predicate
                  other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric,     other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric,        invasive processing of ultrasound   intended for nonCerebral Vascular, Cephalic        Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),   images to detect, measure, and     invasive processing
                    (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),        Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,   calculate relevant medical           of ultrasound
                   Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological,      Gynecological, Intraoperative         parameters of                   images to detect,
                   Intraoperative (Vascular),            (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),   structures and function of patients  measure, and
                   Intraoperative (Cardiac), intra-       intra-luminal, intra-cardiac echo,       with suspected disease and         calculate relevant
Indications for  luminal, intra-cardiac echo,         Musculoskeletal (Conventional),      Age>18. In addition, it has the      medical parameters of
    Use        Musculoskeletal (Conventional),     Musculoskeletal (Superficial),            ability to provide Quality Score      structures and
                 Musculoskeletal (Superficial),       Ophthalmic, Other: Urology,          feedback.                           function of patients
                 Ophthalmic, Other: Urology,          Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small                                         with suspected disease. In
                   Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small  Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),                                             addition, it has the ability to
               Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),   Transesophageal (Cardiac),                                             provide Quality Score
                Transesophageal (Cardiac),         Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.                                        feedback. (For Adults Age>18)
                  Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

                 Trained healthcare professionals    Trained healthcare professionals      Trained healthcare professionals    Trained healthcare               Identical to predicate
                                                                                                                                professionals
                 Intended for sonographers,         Intended for sonographers,
                  physicians, and biomedical          physicians, and biomedical engineers
                 engineers who operate and       who operate and maintain your
                 maintain your product.              product.

                Before use of the system and user  Before use of the system and user
Intended Users                   information, the user must be        information, the user must be familiar
                    familiar with ultrasound techniques.  with ultrasound techniques.
               Sonography training and clinical    Sonography training and clinical
                procedures are not included in the   procedures are not included in the
               User Manual or with the EPIQ      User Manual or with the EPIQ Series
                 Series Diagnostic Ultrasound       Diagnostic Ultrasound System.
                System.

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound                                          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound LVivo Software Application         LVivo Software Application
                         System                                                      System                       K243862                    K243235
                          Affiniti Series Diagnostic                                                                Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound        Feature (SWM v2)        Feature (Auto EF with contrast)
    Feature           Ultrasound System                                                                                                 Comparison                                                      System                Reference Predicate Device     Reference Predicate Device
                 Feature: SWM Version 2 and Auto
                                                      K240850
                   EF with contrast
                                                           Predicate Device
                     Proposed Device

                     Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-  Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-   Professional healthcare             Professional healthcare          Identical to predicate
 Intended User   of-care for diagnosis of patients.     of-care for diagnosis of patients.      environments                    environments
  Environment

                 Class II                          Class II                            Class II                          Class II                            Identical to predicate
  USA FDA
 Classification

               IYN                          IYN                          QIH                        QIH                               Identical to predicate
Primary Product
    Code

                System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler,  System, Imaging, Pulsed Doppler,    Medical image management and   Automated Radiological Image   Identical to predicate
    Primary                   Ultrasonic                           Ultrasonic                           processing system.               Processing Software
   Regulation
    Name

               21 CFR 892.1550               21 CFR 892.1550                 21 CFR 892.2050               21 CFR 892.2050                 Identical to predicate
    Primary
   Regulation
   Number

                ITX                            ITX                            N/A                          N/A                                Identical to predicate
  Secondary   IYO                         IYO
 Product Codes OBJ                      OBJ
              QIH                        QIH
                  Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer     Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer      N/A                          N/A                                Identical to predicate
                   Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging      Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging
  Secondary
                system                         system
   Regulation
                  Diagnostic intravascular catheter    Diagnostic intravascular catheter
    Name
                Automated Radiological Image     Automated Radiological Image
                 Processing Software               Processing Software
               21 CFR 892.1570               21 CFR 892.1570                 N/A                          N/A                                Identical to predicate
  Secondary               21 CFR 892.1560               21 CFR 892.1560
   Regulation               21 CFR 870.1200               21 CFR 870.1200
   Number               21 CFR 892.2050               21 CFR 892.2050
               Yes                         Yes                              No, software-only                 No, software-only                Identical to predicate   ReusableSystems and
  Transducers

                  Limited (≤ 24 hours)                Limited (≤ 24 hours)                No, software-only                 No, software-only                Identical to predicate
Duration of use

EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound                                         EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound LVivo Software Application         LVivo Software Application
                        System                                                     System                       K243862                    K243235
                          Affiniti Series Diagnostic                                                               Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound        Feature (SWM v2)        Feature (Auto EF with contrast)
    Feature           Ultrasound System                                                                                                 Comparison                                                     System                Reference Predicate Device     Reference Predicate Device
                Feature: SWM Version 2 and Auto
                                                      K240850
                   EF with contrast
                                                           Predicate Device
                    Proposed Device

              The SWM software automatically   The SWM software automatically     The SWM software automatically  SWM: Not applicable – the       Identical to reference
                 evaluates the segmental (regional)  evaluates the segmental (regional)    evaluates the segmental (regional)  focus of this application was on  predicate
                  function of the left ventricle (LV)     function of the left ventricle (LV) from  function of the left ventricle (LV)     the addition of the Contrast EF
                from adult TTE echo examinations.  adult TTE echo examinations.        from adult TTE echo examinations.  software feature.              Note :Contrast EF means
                                                                                                                                             Auto EF with contrast


                Auto EF with contrast is an AI      Auto EF is a semi-automated (non AI) Auto EF with contrast: Not         LVivo CE-EF is an AI based      Identical to reference
               based automated software feature   software feature that assists           applicable – the focus of this       automated software feature that predicate
                   that assists clinicians with            clinicians with assessing               application was on the revision in    assists clinicians with
                assessing                             Left Ventricular (LV) Ejection Fraction SWM algorithm                   assessing
                   Left Ventricular (LV) Ejection       (EF) from images acquired as part of                                         Left Ventricular (LV) Ejection
  Application                  Fraction (EF) from images acquired an adult transthoracic echo (TTE)                                         Fraction (EF) from images
  Description                  with contrast agent as part of an    examination application. . supports                                      acquired with contrast agent as
                   adult transthoracic echo (TTE)     The Auto EF feature supports                                                part of an adult transthoracic
                 examination. The feature is located  standard Echo images.                                           echo (TTE) examination.
                   within the Philips Auto EF Adv                                                                         LVivo CE-EF uses 2 apical
                   application. Auto EF with contrast                                                                      views (Apical four chamber
               uses 2 apical views (Apical four                                                                       view (A4C), Apical
               chamber view (A4C), Apical two                                                                     two chamber (A2C)) and
               chamber (A2C)) and provides EF                                                                           provides EF evaluation for each
                     for each view and a biplane                                                                           view and a biplane Simpsons
               Simpsons EF.                                                                                    EF.
                                                                                                                  Note: CE means Contrast
                                                                                                                     echocardiography
                Users manually edit wall motion    Users manually edit wall motion      No.                            Not applicable                    Identical to reference
                 scores using a drop-down          scores using a drop-down selection                                                                       predicate
                   selection.
 SWM scoring
  adjustment
                  Additional interface to set wall
  (SWM v2)
                motion scores of all segments to
               Normal

                Yes. Based on the same machine   Yes. Based on the machine learning   Yes. Based on the same machine  Not applicable                     Identical to referenceSegmental wall
                  learning algorithm, multiple          algorithm                              learning algorithm, multiple                                          predicate    motion
                 processing steps were added and                                       processing steps were added and  evaluation
                 the calculated features revised                                           the calculated features revised  (SWM v2)_
               Manual border edit on ED or ES    Manual border edit on ED or ES      Not applicable                  Manual border edit on ED or     Identical to predicate
Border editing              Frame and results recalculation    Frame and results recalculation                             ES Frame and results
 (Auto EF with                                                                                                                                      recalculation
   Contrast)

                 AI Based EF evaluation for the     Non-AI based EF evaluation for the   Not applicable                     AI based EF evaluation for the   Identical to reference
EF Evaluation               A4C, A2C and Biplane (Contrast    A4C, A2C and Biplane (Non Contrast                               A4C, A2C and Biplane          predicate
 (Auto EF with              Exams) as part of Auto EF adv     exams) as part of Auto EF
   Contrast)

VI.     Safety Considerations

The proposed EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems, including SWM v2 and Auto
EF with contrast software applications, and compatible transducers are  all Track 3 Devices and
comply with the referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document, Guidance
 for Industry and FDA Staff -Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers,
 issued in February 2023.

VII.     Nonclinical Performance Data

 Philips Ultrasound tested the subject devices per the following standards to ensure the continued safe
and effective performance, given the modifications made to the EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound Systems:
     •  IEC 62304 Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
     •  IEC 62366-1 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices
         Edition 1.1 2020-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION

     •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

 Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
 provided to support the modification of the subject SWM v2 and the introduction of Auto EF with
 contrast software applications. The activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the
 software revision included, but are not limited to, the following:

     •   Requirements Review
     •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
     •   Product Specification Review
     •   Design Reviews

Since this is a software-only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
 Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
Systems with SWM v2 and Auto EF with contrast. The transducer patient contact materials and
manufacturing processes are not impacted by the release of the subject EPIQ and Affiniti Series
 Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with SWM v2 and Auto EF with contrast.

SWM v2

A retrospective data analysis study was conducted to assess the use of Segmental Wall Motion
(SWM) v2, a machine learning- based feature in quantification of Wall Motion Score Index (WMSI) in
 transthoracic (TTE) ultrasound clips obtained from subjects referred for clinical TTE exam. The SWM
v2 application was operated automatically on manually selected clips by an experienced sonographer
from the apical views. The automated results were compared to reference results provided using
 visual estimation by 3 expert cardiologists to ensure that similar trends in performance are seen in
terms of sensitivity and specificity (K243862).The acceptance criteria were defined to be specificity
and sensitivity of WMSI > 0.675 (Lower Bound of the Confidence Interval) based on predefined
prevalence of abnormal cases of 65%, for the primary endpoint, for the study overall. The expected
 value of the correlation coefficient is 0.8, and lower bound is 0.675, computed for Sensitivity, using a
 test for one-sample sensitivity with a power of 80%, a one-sided alpha of 0.025, a prevalence of 65%,
and a target sensitivity of 0.80. There was no acceptance criteria defined for Philips data only,
however the objective was to ensure that similar trends in performance are seen in terms of sensitivity
and specificity (K243862).

Two approaches for sensitivity and specificity analyses were tested. The  first one compared the
average of WMSI provided by ground truthers to the WMSI reported by the SWM v2 software. The
second approach utilized the majority agreement between ground truthers. Specifically, a minimum of
 2/3 ground truthers were required to provide WMSI =1, for WMSI to be considered normal for the
exam, or WMSI>1 to be considered abnormal for the exam. The 2/3 WMSI scores were then

compared to the software WMSI.

 WMSI assessment by visual estimation is subject to variability as previously reported (K243862). The
 results showed opposite but anticipated trends in sensitivity and specificity based on the ground truth
 definition, due to the inherent variability in visual estimation of WMSI. Importantly, regardless of the
 methodology used for the ground truth definition, the SWM v2 software applied to Philips data shows
 performance that aligns with previously reported assessment of the algorithm (K243862). Taken
 together, the reported sensitivity and specificity of the SWM v2 software as compared to visual
 estimation of WMSI, indicate that the safety and effectiveness of the proposed subject software, SWM
 v2, is acceptable and aligns with the previously reported performance.


 Auto EF with Contrast

 A retrospective data analysis study was conducted to assess the use of Contrast EF, an artificial
 intelligence (AI) based feature  in quantification of Ejection Fraction (EF)  in transthoracic (TTE)
 contrast enhanced clips obtained from subjects referred for clinical TTE exam. The ground truth for
 the study was obtained following a manual selection of contrast-enhanced A4C and A2C clips
 (performed by a qualified sonographer) for subsequent manual EF assessment using the Simpson’s
 method of disks (performed by 3 qualified sonographers). The sonographers performed “shoulder to
 shoulder” consensus meetings and reviewed together the manual measurements. The sonographers
 then jointly selected the best traced images (“Best Trace”) and the resulting LV EF measurements for
 each one of the clips (A4C and A2C) for each exam. If needed the sonographers manually adjusted
 the trace, and the EF measurement results were recalculated. A Cardiologist specializing in echo
 subsequently reviewed the selected A4C and A2C clips with “Best Trace” and the resulting LV EF
 measurements  for each  examination. Manual adjustments were performed   if needed by  the
 cardiologist. These final measurements of EF for each exam/subject were used as the ground truth in
 the study. The same A2C and A4C clips were processed automatically through the Contrast EF
 application to an EF output. The ground truth EF measurements were compared to the Contrast EF
 automated results for EF (biplane). The acceptance criteria for the study were defined as Lower
 Confidence Bound for the Pearson’s correlation to be >0.75. The expected value of the correlation
 coefficient is 0.85, and lower bound is 0.75 computed with the criteria of achieving 80% power to
 detect a difference of -0.10 between the null hypothesis correlation of 0.75 and the alternative
 hypothesis correlation of 0.85 using a one-sided hypothesis test with a significance level of 0.025.
 The acceptance criteria were defined in accordance with published literature and previous FDA
 clearance(s) (K232145).

 A sub-analysis was performed on data acquired with Philips systems in support of the Contrast EF
 algorithm integrated into the EPIQ and Affiniti Systems.

 The acceptance criteria for the primary endpoint were met, specifically, the Pearson’s correlation
 coefficient and associated confidence intervals are 0.952 (95%CI 0.919, 0.972).

 In addition, the results presented above for correlation and Bland-Altman agreement demonstrate
 acceptable performance compared to the results previously reported for automated EF analysis
 utilizing standard echo examinations (K210053) and published literature for automated solutions for
 EF analysis based on contrast echo. Overall, the data obtained and results from the supporting
 additional analyses indicates the continued safety and effectiveness of the proposed subject software,
 Auto EF with contrast, and aligned with the previously reported performance(K243235).


 VIII.    Clinical Data

 There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the EPIQ and Affiniti Series
 Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems with SWM v2 and Auto EF with contrast software applications, with
 substantial equivalence being demonstrated based on the following attributes:

•   Indications for use
•   Risk assessment
•   Application of design controls
•   Established methodologies used to evaluate the changes

•   Non-clinical performance testing
•   Safety and effectiveness comparisons


 IX.      Sterilization

 Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.


 X.     Conclusion

 For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
 proposed subject device continues to meet its intended use, and the modifications made do no raise
new or different questions of safety and effectiveness in support of a substantially equivalence
 determination.