November 3, 2025
Mighty Oak Medical
Mark Wylie
VP Quality and Regulatory
750 W. Hampden Ave
Suite 120
Englewood, CO 80110


Re: K251532
    Trade/Device Name: Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009); Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, QIH
    Dated: October 6, 2025
    Received: October 6, 2025

Dear Mark Wylie:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

2K251532 - Mark Wylie                                                               Page


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

3K251532 - Mark Wylie                                                               Page


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
im oar _ K251532

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

Please provide the device trade name(s).
Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009);
Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)

Please provide your Indications for Use below.
Acorn 3D Software is a modular image processing software intended for use as an interface for
visualization of medical images, segmentation, treatment planning, and production of an output file.
The Acorn 3D Segmentation module is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation
system for the transfer of CT or CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn 3D Segmentation is also
intended for measuring and treatment planning. The Acorn 3D Segmentation output can also be used for
the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file using additive manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP
Models. The physical replica can be used for diagnostic purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and
craniomaxillofacial applications.
The Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module may be used to plan pedicle screw placement in the thoracic
and lumbar regions of the spine in pediatric and adult patients.
Acorn 3D Software and 3DP Models should be used in conjunction with expert clinical judgment.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both,as  [X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

applicable). [[] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
Acorn 3D Software Page 9 of 43

K251532


510(K) SUMMARY


                             Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation

Submitter:
 Mighty Oak Medical
 750 W. Hampden Ave., Suite 120
 Englewood, CO 80110
  (720) 398-9703

 Contact:            Mark A. Wylie, VP of Quality and Regulatory
 Date Prepared:       03OCT2025

Device

 Trade Name:         Acorn 3D Software
 Common Name:     Image processing system
 Device Classification:  Class II
 Regulation, Name:    21 CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Device Product Code:  LLZ, QIH

Type of 510(k)

        Original Submission: Traditional.

Predicate Device(s):
      Acorn Segmentation & 3DP Model

           510(k)    Product Code               Trade Name                  Manufacturer
         Primary Predicate Device
         K234009       LLZ, QIH              Acorn 3D Software            Mighty Oak Medical
        Subsequent Predicate Device
             K141669          LLZ                    Surgimap                    Nemaris Inc.

Introduction

This 510(k) filing seeks to expand the indications for use of the previously cleared Acorn 3D
Software (K234009) to plan pedicle screw placement in the spine. This submission includes the
Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module as a new extension of the Acorn 3D Software.

Acorn 3D Software is a modular and multi-functional software suite. The subject device, Acorn
3D Trajectory Automation module, builds on the functions and capabilities of the Acorn 3D
Software (predicate), specifically image segmentation and the transfer of imaging information
from a medical scanner to an output file. Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module contains
dedicated fully automatic algorithms for planning pedicle screw trajectories.

Description

Acorn 3D Software is an image processing software that allows the user to import, visualize and
segment medical images, check and correct the segmentations, and create digital 3D models.
The models can be used in Acorn 3D Software for measuring, treatment planning and producing
an output file to be used for additive manufacturing (3D printing). Acorn 3D Software is
structured as a modular package.


This includes the following functionality:
   Importing medical images in DICOM format
   Viewing images and DICOM data
   Selecting a region of interest using generic segmentation tools
   Segmenting specific anatomy using dedicated semi-automatic tools or fully automatic
    algorithms
   Verifying and editing a region of interest
   Calculating a digital 3D model and editing the model
   Measuring on images and 3D models
   Exporting 3D models to third-party packages
   Planning pedicle screw placement
The Acorn 3D Segmentation module contains both machine learning based auto segmentation
as well as semi-automatic and manual segmentation tools. The auto-segmentation tool is only
intended to be used for thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12 and L1-L5) and the
pelvis (sacrum). Semi-automatic and manual segmentation tools are intended to be used for all
musculoskeletal anatomy.
                       Automatic                Semi-Automatic                Manual
                                 A combination of                 Algorithmic with little or no                                        Directly controlled by a
  Definition                                       algorithmic and direct
                  direct human control                              human
                                   human control
              Machine Learning algorithm
                                                Algorithmic based tools that
               used to automatically                                 Manual tools requiring user
 Tool Type                            do not incorporate machine              segment individual vertebrae                                     input.
                                                    learning.
             and the pelvis
                                                Musculoskeletal &             Musculoskeletal &
                                                  craniomaxillofacial bone:      craniomaxillofacial bone:
                  Spinal anatomy:
                                          Short                    Short Anatomical    Thoracic (T1-T12)
                                   Long                Long
 Location (s)   Lumbar (L1-L5)
                                           Flat                      Flat
             Sacrum
                                      Sesamoid              Sesamoid
                                                 Irregular                    Irregular

Acorn 3DP Model is an additively manufactured physical replica of the virtual 3D model
generated in Acorn 3D Segmentation. The output file from Acorn 3D Segmentation is used to
additively manufacture the Acorn 3DP Model.

The Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module contains dedicated fully automatic algorithms for
planning pedicle screw trajectories. The algorithms are only intended to be used for the thoracic
and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12 and L1-L5). The output file from Acorn 3D Trajectory
Automation contains information relevant to pedicle screw placement surgery, including entry
points, end points, and screw sizes of planned screws.


Indications for Use

Acorn 3D Software is a modular image processing software intended for use as an interface for
visualization of medical images, segmentation, treatment planning, and production of an
output file.

The Acorn 3D Segmentation module is intended for use as a software interface and image
     segmentation system for the transfer of CT or CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn 3D
     Segmentation is also intended for measuring and treatment planning. The Acorn 3D
     Segmentation output can also be used for the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file
      using additive manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The physical replica can be used for
      diagnostic purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial applications.
     The Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module may be used to plan pedicle screw placement in
      the thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine in pediatric and adult patients.
     Acorn 3D Software and 3DP Models should be used in conjunction with expert clinical judgment.

      Materials
     The manufactured components of the Acorn 3DP Model are manufactured from a polymer
     powder for use in additive manufacturing (HP 3D High Reusability PA12).

      Predicate Device Comparison Table

     The table below provides a descriptive comparison of the similarities and differences for the
      subject and predicate devices. The items marked bold in the table highlight the differences
     between the Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module and the predicate device Acorn 3D
      Software (K234009).

                                         Table 1: Comparison of devices

  Device→            Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                    Surgimap
   Features↓                     (K251532)                                           (K234009)                                 (K141669)

Trade Name     Acorn 3D Software(AC-SEG-4009);               Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009); Acorn 3DP     Surgimap
               Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)                 Model (AC-101-XX)

Common       Image processing system                    Image processing system                           Picture Archiving and
Name                                                                                             Communication System (PACS)

Premarket       K251532                                      K234009                                      K141669
notification

Manufacturer    Mighty Oak Medical                            Mighty Oak Medical                           Nemaris Inc.

Indications for    Acorn 3D Software is a modular image                                                         The Surgimap software assists
Use Statement    processing software intended for use as an                                                       healthcare professionals in
                   interface for visualization of medical images,                                                         viewing, storing, and measuring
                 segmentation, treatment planning, and                                                     images as well as planning
                 production of an output file.                                                                    orthopedic surgeries. The device
                                                                                                                        allows service providers to
                                                                                                            perform generic as well as
                The Acorn 3D Segmentation module is intended    Acorn Segmentation is intended for use as a        specialty measurements of the
                     for use as a software interface and image         software interface and image segmentation       images, and to plan surgical
                segmentation system for the transfer of CT or       system for the transfer of CT or CTA medical        procedures. The device also
              CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn      images to an output file. Acorn Segmentation is    includes tools for measuring
                Segmentation is also intended for measuring       also intended for measuring and treatment       anatomical components for
              and treatment planning. The Acorn                planning. The Acorn Segmentation output can    placement of surgical implants,
                Segmentation output can also be used for the      also be used for the fabrication of physical       and offer online synchronization
                   fabrication of physical replicas of the output file    replicas of the output file using additive             of the database with the
                  using additive manufacturing methods, Acorn     manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The    possibility to share data among
              3DP Models. The physical replica can be used      physical replica can be used for diagnostic       Surgimap users. Clinical judgment
                     for diagnostic purposes in the field of             purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and      and experience are required to
                  musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial            craniomaxillofacial applications.                   properly use the software.
                   applications.


                The Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module
            may be used to plan pedicle screw placement
                     in the spine in pediatric and adult patients.

               Acorn 3D Software and 3DP Models should be     Acorn Segmentation and 3DP Models should be
               used in conjunction with expert clinical           used in conjunction with expert clinical
                judgment.                                    judgment.

Device→            Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                    Surgimap
   Features↓                             (this submission)                                    (K234009)                                 (K141669)

General         Acorn 3D Software is an image processing        Acorn Segmentation is an image processing       Surgimap is image analysis and
intended use     software that allows the user to import, visualize    software that allows the user to import, visualize     surgical planning software
              and segment medical images, check and       and segment medical images, check and        intended for use by medical
                  correct the segmentations, and create digital      correct the segmentations, and create digital      professionals to view, measure,
              3D models.                               3D models.                              and annotate medical images
                                                                                                                            (including DICOM images) for
                                                                                                                     diagnostic and preoperative
                                                                                                               planning purposes.

Product        Automated radiological image processing       Automated radiological image processing        Medical image management
Classification     software                                        software                                and processing system.

Regulatory        Class II                                            Class II                                            Class II
Class

Classification     892.2050                                         892.2050                                         892.2050

Product Code    QIH, LLZ                                         QIH, LLZ                                              LLZ

Device         Acorn 3D Software is an image processing        Acorn Segmentation is an image processing       Surgimap is a software
Description       software that allows the user to import, visualize    software that allows the user to import, visualize    application intended for use by
              and segment medical images, check and       and segment medical images, check and         trained medical professionals,
                  correct the segmentations, and create digital      correct the segmentations, and create digital      including physicians, to view,
              3D models. The models can be used in Acorn 3D   3D models. The models can be used in Acorn      measure, and annotate medical
                 Software for measuring, treatment planning and   Segmentation for measuring, treatment          images (including DICOM
                producing an output file to be used for additive    planning and producing an output file to be       images) for diagnostic and
                manufacturing (3D printing). Acorn 3D Software    used for additive manufacturing (3D printing).      planning purposes.
                               is structured as a modular package.             Acorn Segmentation is structured as a modular
                                                         package.
                                                                                                        Surgimap provides tools for
                                                                                                             orthopedic surgical planning
                      This includes the following functionality:                This includes the following functionality:           such as templating and
                                                                                                          measuring angles, lengths, and
                        Importing medical images in DICOM              Importing medical images in DICOM         other relevant anatomical data.
                      format                                         format                                  The software may also be used to
                        Viewing images and DICOM data                 Viewing images and DICOM data           create preoperative plans that
                        Selecting a region of interest using generic        Selecting a region of interest using generic   can be shared among
                                                                                                              healthcare professionals.                     segmentation tools                            segmentation tools
                        Segmenting specific anatomy using               Segmenting specific anatomy using
                    dedicated semi-automatic tools or fully           dedicated semi-automatic tools or fully           It is intended as a planning and
                     automatic algorithms                          automatic algorithms                     imaging tool and not for primary
                         Verifying and editing a region of interest            Verifying and editing a region of interest     image interpretation or as a sole
                        Calculating a digital 3D model and                Calculating a digital 3D model and                                                                                                                     diagnostic device.
                         editing the model                                  editing the model
                        Measuring on images and 3D models              Measuring on images and 3D models
                        Exporting 3D models to third-party                 Exporting 3D models to third-party
                   packages                                 packages
                        Planning pedicle screw placement


                The Acorn 3D Segmentation module contains      The Acorn Segmentation module contains both
                both machine learning based auto             machine learning based auto segmentation as
                segmentation as well as semi-automatic and       well as semi-automatic and manual
               manual segmentation tools. The auto-            segmentation tools. The auto-segmentation tool
                segmentation tool is only intended to be used          is only intended to be used for thoracic and
                     for thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-   lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12 and L1-L5)
                  T12 and L1-L5) and the pelvis (sacrum). Semi-     and the pelvis (sacrum). Semi-automatic and
                automatic and manual segmentation tools are    manual segmentation tools are intended to be
                intended to be used for all musculoskeletal       used for all musculoskeletal anatomy.
               anatomy.                                                                    Semi-        Manual
                                                                              Automatic
                                             Semi-        Manual                            Automatic
                           Automatic                                          Automatic
                                                                                       Algorithmic   A
                                                                                                                                     Directly
                                                                                        with                                                                                                                                              little or    combination                             Algorithmic                               A                                                                                                                         controlled                                                                      Directly                                                                    no                                                                                                 direct                                                                                                         of                                                                                                          algorithmic                             with                                                    little or                                        combination                                                                                                   by                                                                                          a                                                                controlled                                                               human                                                                             and                                                                                                                  direct                       no                                  direct                                              of                                                algorithmic                                                                                       human                                                    by a                                                                                          control                                                                          human                                                                                                                 control                     human                                  and                                                     direct                                              human                                              Definition
                              control       human control                                                                                              Definition

Device→            Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                    Surgimap
   Features↓                             (this submission)                                    (K234009)                                 (K141669)

                       Machine                                        Machine
                           Learning                                                Learning
                            algorithm       Algorithmic                              algorithm
                                                                                                      Algorithmic                         used to        based tools      Manual              used to
                                                                                   based tools      Manual
                            automaticall    that do not        tools                 automatic                                                                                                       that do not        tools
                           y segment      incorporate       requiring                   ally
                                                                                                  incorporate       requiring                               individual      machine          user input.           segment                                     Type                                                              machine          user input.
                           vertebrae       learning.                                    individual                                                                                                                                      Type                    learning.                                     Tool   and the                                               vertebrae
                                pelvis                                                                              Tool   and the
                                                         Musculoske              pelvis
                                                                            letal &                                             Musculoske
                            (s)                   Musculoskelet    craniomaxil                                                       letal &
                              Spinal            al &                                                                       lofacial             (s)                  Musculoskelet    craniomaxil                        anatomy:       craniomaxillof                              Spinal           al &
                                                       bone:                                                         lofacial
                                 Thoracic      acial bone:                          anatomy:      craniomaxillof                                                                                                        bone:                                                                        Short                                                                           Location       (T1-T12)          Short                                                                                                 Thoracic    acial bone:
                                                                                                                                      Short                                 Lumbar          Long                                                                        Long                              Location       (T1-T12)         Short
                                                                        Flat                                                         Long
                                    (L1-L5)           Flat                                       Lumbar         Long                                                                        Sesam                                                      Flat
                                 Sacrum          Sesamoid                                   (L1-L5)          Flat                                                                  oid                                                         Sesam
                                                    Irregular                                  Sacrum         Sesamoid
                                                                                                                          oid                                                                                              Anatomical                                             Irregul                                   Irregular                                                                     ar                                                 Anatomical                                           Irregul
                                                                                                                               ar
               Acorn 3DP Model is an additively manufactured
                                                          Acorn 3DP Model is an additively manufactured
                  physical replica of the virtual 3D model
                                                                     physical replica of the virtual 3D model               generated in Acorn Segmentation. The output
                                                           generated in Acorn Segmentation. The output
                           file from Acorn Segmentation is used to
                                                                                                     file from Acorn Segmentation is used to
                   additively manufacture the Acorn 3DP Model.
                                                                        additively manufacture the Acorn 3DP Model.


                The Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation contains
                dedicated fully automatic algorithms for
                 planning pedicle screw trajectories. The
                  algorithms are only intended to be used for the
                  thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12
              and L1-L5). The output file from Acorn 3D
                   Trajectory Automation contains information
                  relevant to pedicle screw placement surgery,
                  including entry points, end points, and screw
                    sizes of planned screws.

Technological    Acorn 3D Software is a standalone modular       Acorn Segmentation is a standalone modular      Surgimap software includes the
characteristics    software package. This software package         software package. This module includes, but is      following functions:
                   includes, but is not limited to, the following        not limited to the following functions:
                    functions:                                                                        Image Import
               Image import                             Image Import                                                                                                                                     Importing medical images in
                        Importing medical images in DICOM              Importing medical images in DICOM          DICOM format (e.g. CT,
                      format (e.g. CT and CTA)                        format (e.g. CT and CTA)                       CTA, MRI, etc.)
                                                                                                                                     Standard formats (JPEG, TIFF,              Image Processing                          Image Processing
                                                                                                       PNG, PPT…)
                        Processing of images with common noise-         Processing of images with common noisereduction filters                                  reduction filters                        Image Processing
                         Editing of spatial arrangement of images           Editing of spatial arrangement of images          Processing of images with
                                                                                    common noise-reduction                    Visualization                                          Visualization
                                                                                                                                                                                      filters
                        Viewing images and DICOM data                 Viewing images and DICOM data                  Editing of spatial
                Segmentation                                Segmentation                                    arrangement of images
                        Selecting a region of interest using generic        Selecting a region of interest using generic    Visualization
                     segmentation tools                            segmentation tools                                 Viewing images and DICOM
                        Segmenting specific anatomy using               Segmenting specific anatomy using             data
                    dedicated semi-automatic tools                dedicated semi-automatic tools
                        Segmenting specific vertebral anatomy           Segmenting specific vertebral anatomy      Segmentation
                       using machine-learning-based fully                 using machine-learning-based fully               None
                     automatic algorithms                          automatic algorithms                    Measurement
                         Verifying and editing a region of interest            Verifying and editing a region of interest
                                                                                                                                     Measuring on images
               Measurement                              Measurement
                                                                                                 Data Export
                        Measuring on images and 3D models              Measuring on images and 3D models
               Data Export                                Data Export                                              Machine-readable format
                                                                                                                                          (e.g. CSV and DICOM)
                        Machine-readable format (e.g. JSON and         Machine-readable format (e.g. STL)                Project Files (proprietary file
                           STL)                                                                                          format specific to the
                        Project Files (proprietary file format specific        Project Files (proprietary file format specific         software)
                        to the software)                                    to the software)

Device→            Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Models                    Surgimap
   Features↓                             (this submission)                                    (K234009)                                 (K141669)
              3D Models                               3D Models                                                Standard formats (JPG, PNG,
                        Calculating a digital 3D model and editing        Calculating a digital 3D model and editing           TIFF, PDF)
                      the model                                      the model                            3D Models
                        Smoothing a 3D model                             Smoothing a 3D model
                        Importing 3D models                               Importing 3D models                              None
                Treatment Planning                             Treatment Planning                             Treatment Planning
                Importing of third-party STLs to visualize         Importing of third-party STLs to visualize         Procedures
                 planned interactions with anatomy as           planned interactions with anatomy as           o Wedge
                   represented in DICOM images                    represented in DICOM images                     Osteotomy(ex:SPO,PSO)
              Generic Implants                                                                      o Opening Osteotomy
                 o Pedicle Screw Implant                                                                o Resect Osteotomy
                                                                                                     o Un-Slip (i.e. spondylolisthesis
                Other features                                 Other features                                          correction)
                        Using a collection of images and masks as         Using a collection of images and masks as      o Anatomical Marker
                 a training dataset for machine-learning         a training dataset for machine-learning     Generic Implants
                                                                                                     o Screw Implant                     segmentation algorithm                        segmentation algorithm
                                                                                                     o Reference Line for Screw
                                                                                                     o Interbody Spacer o
                                                                                                            Freehand Rod
                                                                                                     o SA Rod
                                                                                                     o Coronal Free hand
                                                                                        Vendor Specific Implant
                                                                                                     o Globus Medical Spacer
                                                                                                              Template
                                                                                                     o Globus Rod
                                                                                                     o K2M Interbody Spacer
                                                                                                              Template
                                                                                                     o K2M BACS Patient Specific
                                                                                                   Rod
                                                                                                     o K2M Pre-Bent Rod Template
                                                                                                     o K2M Screw

                                                                                                              Other features
                                                                                                                                     Various

Pedicle Screw               Surgeon Inputs / Preferences         N/A                                                        Surgeon Inputs /
Planning                  o   Screw Size                                                                             Preferences
                         o    Trajectory Angle                                                              o   Screw Size
                         o     Tulip Position                                                                 o    Trajectory Angle
                         o   Breach Criteria                                                               o    Entry and End Point
                              Automatic Optimization                                                                             Manual Optimization
                              Review against patient imaging                                                                     Review against patient
                                                                                                              imaging

Physical Model    The Acorn 3D Segmentation module output can   The Acorn Segmentation output can be used for   N/A
              be used for the fabrication of physical replicas     the fabrication of physical replicas of the output
                   of the output file using additive manufacturing       file using additive manufacturing methods. The
                methods. The physical replica can be used for     physical replica can be used for diagnostic
                  diagnostic purposes in the field of orthopedic     purposes in the field of orthopedic and
              and musculoskeletal applications.                 musculoskeletal applications.

Intended User     The Acorn 3D Segmentation module can be      Acorn Segmentation can be used by            Surgimap is intended as a
                used by biomedical engineers or personnel        biomedical engineers or personnel equivalent     decision support system for
                  equivalent by training or experience. Their        by training or experience. Their results should be   persons who have received
                       results should be used in conjunction with expert   used in conjunction with expert clinical            appropriate medical training, and
                      clinical judgement.                            judgement.                                    should not be used as a sole
                 The Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation module is                                                         basis for making clinical
                 intended for use by medical professionals, such                                                      decisions pertaining to patient
                 as clinicians and surgeons, who are trained in                                                          diagnosis, care, or management.
                    spinal procedures and the interpretation of                                                                              All information derived from the
                                                                                                                  software must be clinically                  diagnostic imaging.
                                                                                                         reviewed regarding its plausibility
               Be advised that the quality of medical images    Be advised that the quality of medical images     before use in treating patients.
                 determines the accuracy of the 3D model in      determines the accuracy of the 3D model in      Any derivation of the application
                Acorn 3D Software. Scanning protocols are left    Acorn 3D Software. Scanning protocols are left     of medical information from the
                   to the discretion of the user; however, we          to the discretion of the user; however, we         program, other than the original
              recommend that industry standards are        recommend that industry standards are           design or intended use thereof, is
                 referenced and followed. Only images           referenced and followed. Only images            not advised and considered a
                obtained less than six months before should be    obtained less than six months before should be     misuse of the software product.
                used for planning and/or evaluating treatment    used for planning and/or evaluating treatment
                   options.                                            options.

Performance Data
Software verification and validation were performed and documentation was provided
following the “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices”. This includes verification against defined requirements and validation against
user needs. Both end-user validation and bench testing were performed.

The accuracy of pedicle screw geometry as well as pedicle screw trajectories created in the
subject device, Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation, was assessed via bench testing. This was tested
using worse-case-scenario conditions. Accuracy of the pedicle screws was compared using
clinical data. Deviations were within the acceptance criteria. This shows that for planning
pedicle screws and pedicle screw trajectories, Acorn 3D Trajectory Automation is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.

In conclusion, all performance testing conducted demonstrated device performance and
substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

Technological Characteristics

Acorn 3D Software is a standalone modular software package. This software package includes,
but is not limited to, the following functions:
   Image import
       Importing medical images in DICOM format (e.g., CT and CTA)
   Image Processing
       Processing of images with common noise-reduction filters
       Editing of spatial arrangement of images
    Visualization
      Viewing images and DICOM data
   Segmentation
       Selecting a region of interest using generic segmentation tools
      Segmenting specific anatomy using dedicated semi-automatic tools
      Segmenting specific vertebral anatomy using machine-learning-based fully automatic
       algorithms
       Verifying and editing a region of interest
   Measurement
      Measuring on images and 3D models
   Data Export
      Output information is exported in a machine-readable format (e.g., JSON and STL)
   3D Models
       Calculating a digital 3D model and editing the model
      Smoothing a 3D model
       Importing 3D models
   Treatment Planning
       Importing of third-party STLs to visualize planned interactions with anatomy as
       represented in DICOM images
      Generic Implants
      o    Pedicle Screw Implant
   Other features
           Using a collection of images and masks as a training dataset for machine-learning
          segmentation algorithm

Conclusion

The Acorn 3D Software with Trajectory Automation possesses the same intended use and
technological characteristics as the predicate devices. Therefore, the Acorn 3D Trajectory
Automation module is substantially equivalent for its intended use.