September 19, 2025


VideaHealth, Inc.
℅ Adam Foresman
Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs
179 South Street
Floor 5
Boston, MA 02111


Re: K251002
    Trade/Device Name: Videa Dental AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: March 13, 2025
    Received: August 18, 2025


Dear Adam Foresman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251002 - Adam Foresman                                                            Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251002 - Adam Foresman                                                            Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

51 0(k) Number (if known)
K251002

Device Name
Videa Dental AI


Indications for Use (Describe)
Videa Dental AI is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) device that analyzes intraoral radiographs to identify and
localize the following features. Videa Dental AI is indicated for the review ofbitewing, periapical, and panoramic
radiographs acquired from patients aged 3 years or older.

Suspected Dental Findings:
- Caries
-Attrition
- Broken/Chipped Tooth
- Restorative Imperfection
- Pulp Stones
- Dens Invaginatus
- Periapical Radiolucency
- Widened Periodontal Ligament
- Furcation
- Calculus

Historical Treatments:
-Crown
- Filling
- Bridge
- Post and Core
-Root Canal
- Endosteal Implant
- Implant Abutment
- Bonded Orthodontic Retainer
- Braces

Normal Anatomy:
- Maxillary Sinus
- Maxillary Tuberosity
- Mental Foramen
- Mandibular Canal
- Inferior Border of the Mandible
- Mandibular Tori
- Mandibular Condyle
- Developing Tooth
- Erupting Teeth
- Non-matured Erupted Teeth
- Exfoliating Teeth
- Impacted Teeth
- Crowding Teeth


FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                            Page 1 of2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (8123)                            Page 2 of2

K251002
510(k) Summary                                                           Page 1 of 11


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) Summary for the Videa
Dental AI device is provided below.


1.       SUBMITTER

Applicant:                   VideaHealth, Inc.
                         179 South Street, Floor 5
                            Boston, MA, 02111
                        +1 617-340-9940
                              florian@videa.ai

Contact & Submission     Adam Foresman
Correspondent:               Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs
                            VideaHealth, Inc.
                       +1 617-340-9940
                          adam@videa.ai

Date Prepared:             September 17, 2025


2.       DEVICE

Device Trade Name:        Videa Dental AI

Device Common Name:     Dental AI System


Classification Name:        Medical image analyzer

Classification Regulation    21 CFR 892.2070
Number:

Device Class:             2

Product Code:        MYN


3.       PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device:  K232384 VideaHealth’s Videa Dental Assist

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 2 of 11

4.      DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Videa Dental AI (VDA) software is a cloud-based AI-powered medical device for the automatic
detection of the features listed in the Indications For Use statement in dental radiographs. The
device itself is available as a service via an API (Application Programming Interface) behind a
firewalled network. Provided proper authentication and an eligible bitewing, periapical or
panoramic image, the device returns a set of bounding boxes and/or segmentation outlines
depending on the indication representing the suspect dental finding, historical treatment or
normal anatomy detected.
VDA is accessed by the dental practitioner through their dental image viewer. From within the
dental viewer the user can upload a radiograph to VDA and then review the results. The device
outputs a binary indication to identify the presence or absence of findings for each indication. If
findings are present the device outputs the number of findings by finding type and the
coordinates of the bounding boxes/segmentation outlines for each finding. If no findings are
present the device outputs a clear indication that there are no findings identified for each
indication. The device output will show all findings from one radiograph regardless of the
number of teeth present.
The intended users of Videa Dental AI are trained dental professionals such as dentists and
dental hygienists. For the suspect dental findings indications specifically, VDA is intended to be
used as an adjunct tool and should not replace a dentist’s review of the image. Only dentists that
are performing diagnostic activities shall use the suspect dental finding indications.
VDA should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or
confirm a diagnosis. The system is to be used by trained dental professionals including, but not
limited to, dentists and dental hygienists.

Depending on the specific VDA indication for use, the intended patients of Videa Dental AI are
patients 3 years of age and older above with primary, mixed and/or permanent dentition
undergoing routine dental visits or suspected of one of the suspected dental findings listed in the
VDA indications for use statement above. VDA may be used on eligible bitewing, periapical or
panoramic radiographs depending on the indication.

See Table 1 below for the specific patient age group and image modality that each VDA
indication for use is designed and tested to meet. VDA uses the images metadata to only show
the indications for the patient age and image modalities in scope as shown in Table 1. VDA will
not show any findings output for an indication for use that is outside of the patient age and
radiographic view scope.


Table 1: VDA Indications Scope by Patient Age and Image Modality Type

 Videa Dental Assist Indication           Patient Age in Scope   Radiographic View in
                                                         Scope

 Caries                              3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Attrition                             3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 3 of 11


 Videa Dental Assist Indication           Patient Age in Scope   Radiographic View in
                                                         Scope

 Broken/Chipped                      3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Restorative Imperfection                3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Pulp Stone                          12+ years of age and     Bitewing and Periapical
                                            older with permanent
                                              dentition

 Dens Invaginatus                      3 years & older         Bitewing and Periapical

 Periapical Radiolucency                22 years of age and       Periapical only
                                            older with permanent
                                              dentition

 Furcation                            22 years of age and      Bitewing and Periapical
                                            older with permanent
                                              dentition

 Calculus                            3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Widened PDL                        3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Historical Treatments: All Indications     3 years and older         All on Bitewing,
                                                                        Periapical & Panoramic
                                                                      except:

                                                                  1.‘Screw’ VDA
                                                                             historical treatment
                                                                           identification is only on
                                                            Panoramic images.

                                                                            2.‘Plate’ VDA historical
                                                                    treatment indication is
                                                                 only on Panoramic
                                                                 images.

                                    12 years and older        1. Impacted Tooth
 Normal Anatomy: All Indications                                       2. Mental Foramen
                                                                            3. Maxillary Tuberosity

                                               On Bitewing, Periapical
                                     & Panoramic

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 4 of 11


 Videa Dental Assist Indication           Patient Age in Scope   Radiographic View in
                                                         Scope

                                    3 years and older         All other indications are
                                                         on Bitewing, Periapical
                                     & Panoramic except:

                                                                 1.‘Mandibular Condyle’
                                        VDA normal anatomy
                                                                        indication is only on
                                                            Panoramic images.


5.      INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
Videa Dental AI is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) device that analyzes intraoral
radiographs to identify and localize the following features. Videa Dental AI is indicated for the
review of bitewing, periapical, and panoramic radiographs acquired from patients aged 3 years or
older.

       Suspected Dental Findings:
          ● Caries
          ●  Attrition
          ● Broken/Chipped Tooth
          ● Restorative Imperfections
          ● Pulp Stones
          ● Dens Invaginatus
          ●  Periapical Radiolucency
          ● Widened Periodontal Ligament
          ● Furcation
          ● Calculus

        Historical Treatments:
          ● Crown
          ●  Filling
          ● Bridge
          ● Post and Core
          ● Root Canal
          ● Endosteal Implant
          ● Implant Abutment
          ● Bonded Orthodontic Retainer
          ● Braces

      Normal Anatomy:
          ● Maxillary Sinus

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 5 of 11


          ● Maxillary Tuberosity
          ● Mental Foramen
          ● Mandibular Canal
          ●  Inferior Border of the Mandible
          ● Mandibular Tori
          ● Mandibular Condyle
          ● Developing Tooth
          ● Erupting Teeth
          ● Non-matured Erupted Teeth
          ●  Exfoliating Teeth
          ● Impacted Teeth
          ● Crowding Teeth


6.       SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Comparison of Indications
Videa Dental AI has the same indications for use statement and intended use as Videa Dental
Assist. The only differences are the inclusion of a second output style (segmentation in addition
to bounding boxes) and a second operating point (high sensitivity and high specificity) as user
toggle settings. Videa Dental AI and Videa Dental Assist both analyze dental radiographs and
highlight regions of interest in an image viewer. For the VDA suspect dental finding indications,
both devices are only intended as an aid to the trained professional and are not intended to
replace the diagnosis by the physician.
Videa Dental AI contains historical treatment and normal anatomy indications. These
indications are not intended to be diagnostic aides. They are used for general understanding of
features present in a radiograph and to assist the dental practice in patient operations
management. These Videa Dental AI indications do not assess quality or the need for treatment
of these features.
Videa Dental AI’s artificial intelligence algorithms were trained with that patient population and
VideaHealth followed the pediatric medical device guidance document among other standards
and guidance documents listed in Section 7 below in the design process. Videa Dental AI testing
has shown to be safe and effective for patients between the ages of 3 and 21 years of age with
primary, mixed or permanent dentition in the image.
Videa Dental AI artificial intelligence algorithms were trained with bitewing, periapical and
panoramic radiographs. Videa Dental AI testing has shown to be safe and effective for bitewing,
periapical and panoramic radiographs. Panoramic radiographs are only intended to be used on
historical treatment and normal anatomy indications which are not diagnostic aides.

Technological Comparisons
Table 2 compares the key technological feature of the subject devices to the predicate device
(Videa Dental Assist., K232384).

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 6 of 11


Table 2:      Device Comparison Table

                           Proposed Device             Proposed Device

510(k) Number             K251002                  K232384

Applicant                     VideaHealth, Inc.              VideaHealth, Inc.

Device Name                 Videa Dental AI               Videa Dental Assist

Classification Regulation      892.2070                    892.2070

Product Code          MYN              MYN

Image Modality            X-Ray                    X-Ray

Radiograph View Type        Bitewing Images, Periapical    Bitewing Images, Periapical
                              Images, and Panoramic         Images, and Panoramic
                              Images.                       Images.


                             Radiograph view type scope is  Radiograph view type scope is
                             Videa Dental Assist indication  Videa Dental Assist indication
                                    specific.                           specific.

Suspect Dental Findings       Caries: Active and Secondary   Caries: Active and Secondary
Indications                    Caries at all penetration depths  Caries at all penetration depths


                               Additional Suspect Dental      Additional Suspect Dental
                              Findings listed in the Videa     Findings listed in the Videa
                              Dental Assist’s Indications For  Dental Assist’s Indications For
                          Use statement.              Use statement.

Historical Treatment and      Included                      Included
Normal Anatomy
Indications

Tooth Surface                For the caries indication only:   For the caries indication only:
                               Proximal, Buccal/Lingual,      Proximal, Buccal/Lingual,
                                Occlusal, Root, Cervical.        Occlusal, Root, Cervical.


                         None of the additional VDA    None of the additional VDA
                               ‘Suspect Dental Finding’        ‘Suspect Dental Finding’
                                 indications are specific to a      indications are specific to a
                                tooth surface.                   tooth surface.

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 7 of 11


                           Proposed Device             Proposed Device

Clinical Output             Message indicating if and how  Message indicating if and how
                        many findings were detected   many findings were detected
                                  for each enabled Videa Dental   for each enabled Videa Dental
                               AI’s indication for use.           Assist’s indication for use.

                               All Videa Dental AI’s           All Videa Dental Assist’s
                                 indications use a set of           indications use a set of
                                togglable bounding boxes       toggleable bounding boxes
                             around suspected areas of       around suspected areas of
                                      interest.                             interest.


                          The user has the option to
                                toggle to segmentation view
                                  (also called isocontour view)
                                 instead of bounding boxes for
                                  caries and calculus.


                          The user has the option to
                                toggle between operating
                                 points (high sensitivity vs.
                              high specificity) for a caries
                            and periapical radiolucency.


                          The user has the option to
                                toggle normal tooth anatomy
                              segmentations including
                              enamel, pulp, crown dentin
                            and root dentin on and off.
Patient Population             Patients ≥ 3 years of age.        Patients ≥ 3 years of age.

                                  Patient age range is Videa       Patient age range is Videa
                              Dental Assist indication        Dental Assist indication
                                    specific.                           specific.
Intended User                Dental professionals            Dental professionals

Development Technology      Supervised Deep Learning      Supervised Deep Learning

Image Source              X-Ray Sensor              X-Ray Sensor
Image Viewing              Image Viewer               Image Viewer

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 8 of 11

7.      PERFORMANCE DATA

Biocompatibility, Sterilization, and Reprocessing
Not applicable. The subject device is a software-only device. There are no direct or indirect
patient-contacting components of the subject device. There are no sterile or reprocessed
components.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
Not applicable. The subject device is a software-only device.  It contains no electric
components, generates no electrical emissions, and uses no electrical energy of any type.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Content of Premarket
Submissions for Device Software Functions.”
Among others, the following standards and guidance documents were used during the Videa
Dental AI design, development, and testing.
  ●  ISO 14971:2019 Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices.
  ● AAMI CR34971:2022 Guidance on the Application of ISO 14971 to Artificial
        Intelligence and Machine Learning
  ●  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Consolidated Version: Medical Device Software -
       Software Life Cycle Processes
  ●  Good Machine Learning Practice for Medical Device Development: Guiding Principles
       October 2021.
  ● FDA Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions (June 14, 2023)

Bench Testing
A Standalone Performance Assessment was conducted to measure and report the performance of
Videa Dental AI by itself, in the absence of any interaction with a dental professional in
identifying the regions of interest for that specific indication. All suspect dental finding,
historical treatment and normal anatomy VDA indications were in scope. The dataset was 1,445
radiographs collected from more than 35 US sites that were ground-truthed by three US
board-certified dentists. The same data distribution was used for the new design of Videa Dental
AI vs. the predicate Videa Dental Assist.


Because there was no lesion-detection AI training for Videa Dental AI, the predicate Videa
Dental Assist generalizability analysis for lesion detection still applies. Generalizability was not
reperformed for this analysis.

510(k) Summary                                                                                  Page 9 of 11


The bench study results were:
   ● VDA caries had a DICE of 0.720 and calculus had a DICE of 0.716 respectively.
   ● The normal tooth anatomy segmentations the following DICE statistics.
          ○ Enamel is 0.907
          ○ Pulp is 0.825
          ○ Crown Dentin is 0.878
          ○ Root Dentin is 0.874

Animal Testing
Not applicable. Animal studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence.

Clinical Testing
A fully crossed, randomized, multiple reader multiple case (MRMC) controlled study was
performed to determine whether the diagnostic accuracy of readers aided by VDA is superior to
reader accuracy when unaided by VDA, as determined by the AFROC Figure of Merit (AFROC
FOM). The hypothesis to be tested is:

   H0: AFROC FOMaided - AFROC FOMunaided ≤ 0
   H1: AFROC FOMaided - AFROC FOMunaided > 0

where AFROC FOMaided is the population-mean AFROC FOM for aided reads, and similarly
with AFROC FOMunaided for unaided reads.


Suspect dental finding VDA indications that had segmentation view and/or a second operating
point were in scope of the clinical test. The other indications are unchanged from the predicate
Videa Dental Assist’s clinical test results. Clinical testing was performed on 378 radiographs
collected from over 25 US locations spread across the country. US licensed dentists labeled the
data and a US licensed dentist adjudicated those labels to establish a reference standard for the
study.
There were N=20 readers that participated in the study and reviewed all images with and without
VDA AI predictions in a randomized fashion.
The patients in the dataset were 24% female and 21% male, 15% other and 39% unknown.
There were N=6 sensor manufacturers that had enough samples to perform generalizability
statistical analysis on. Those image sensor manufacturers were: AirTechniques, Carestream,
Dexis, Gendex, Kavo, and Schick. Tables 5 and 6 describe the distribution of the study for the
two significant design input expansions between Videa Dental AIand the predicate Videa Dental
Assist; patient age and radiographic view.

510(k) Summary                                                                                 Page 10 of 11


Table 5: Demographic breakdown by age

  Subject Age     Percentage
  (Years)

  3 - 11         28%

  12 - 21        20%

  22 - 40        14%

  41 - 60        14%

  61 and older    8%

  Unknown      15%

All images, regardless of patient age, were classified as being primary dentition only, mixed
dentition and permanent dentition only.


Table 6: Image breakdown by radiographic view

  Radiographic    Percentage
  View

  Bitewing       56%

  Periapical      44%

  Panoramic       N/A. Not in
                    scope.


Across 8 Videa Dental AI Suspect Dental Finding indications in the clinical study, there was no
statistically significant difference between bounding box and segmentation view types in
detection performance. The average amount of aided improvement over unaided performance
across these 8 VDA indications was 0.002%. Additionally none of the 8 VDA indications
individually had a statistically significant difference between bounding box or segmentation.


The caries and periapical radiolucency VDA indications in the clinical study with a second
operating point all showed that clinicians had statistically significant improvement in detection
performance regardless of the operating point used. Some clinicians performed better at one
setting than the other however all showed clinical benefit regardless of the operating point used.
VDA caries had a standalone specificity of 0.867 for caries’ and 0.989 for PRL’ second operating
points respectively.
No adverse events were observed during the clinical study. Clinical testing demonstrated that the
Videa Dental AI meets performance requirements.

510(k) Summary                                                                                 Page 11 of 11

Conclusion
There are no differences in design input scopes between Videa Dental AI and Videa Dental
Assist. They also have the same indications for use statements and intended uses. The design
changes for the differences between Videa Dental AI and the predicate do not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness as shown in the Videa Dental AI testing. There was no
retraining between Videa Dental AI and Videa Dental Assist in the AI model lesion localization
identification or other technological differences that raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness.


Although there are differences in the testing methodology (namely the inclusion of segmentation
view type and a second operating point for certain VDA indications), they do not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness. The calculations methodology for sensitivity, specificity,
Alternative Free-response Receiver Operating Characteristic Figure of Merit (AFROC FOM) and
other statistical techniques are the same between Videa Dental AI and Videa Dental Assist. Both
Videa Dental AI and Videa Dental Assist had the same clinical study acceptance criteria. The
results of the bench testing and clinical testing demonstrate that the performance of Videa Dental
AI is comparable to that of Videa Dental Assist. Both Videa Dental AI and Videa Dental Assist
met their acceptance criteria. Therefore, Videa Dental AI can be found substantially equivalent
to Videa Dental Assist.