May 9, 2025

Iterative Health
℅ Janice Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K251126
    Trade/Device Name: SKOUT system
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1520
    Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Lesion Software Detection System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNP
    Dated: April 11, 2025
    Received: April 11, 2025

Dear Janice Hogan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251126 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K251126 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page  3


                                                Sincerely,
                         Shanil P. Haugen -S

                                              Shanil P. Haugen, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                                 Obesity, and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital, and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K251126
Device Name
SKOUT system
Indications for Use (Describe)
The SKOUT system is a software device designed to detect potential colorectal polyps in real time
during colonoscopy examinations. It is indicated as a computer-aided detection tool providing
colorectal polyps location information to assist qualified and trained gastroenterologists in identifying
potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy examinations in adult patients undergoing colorectal
cancer screening or surveillance.
The SKOUT system is only intended to assist the gastroenterologist in identifying suspected
colorectal polyps and the gastroenterologist is responsible for reviewing SKOUT suspected polyp
areas and confirming the presence or absence of a polyp based on their own medical judgment.
SKOUT is not intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be relied upon to
make a primary interpretation of endoscopic procedures, medical diagnosis, or recommendations of
treatment/course of action for patients. SKOUT is indicated for white light colonoscopy only.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
kl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K251126
                                                                                Page 1 of 6


                                   510(K) SUMMARY

                            SKOUT® system

                                   K251126

Submitter Contact Information:

       Address:  Iterative Health, Inc. (Iterative Scopes)
               14 Arrow Street Floor 3
                Cambridge, MA 02138

       Phone: (617) 209-9773

       Contact: Caitlyn Seidl, VP, Scientific and Commercial Affairs

Date Prepared: April 29, 2025

Name of Device: SKOUT® system

Classification Name: Gastrointestinal lesion software detection system (21 CFR 876.1520, Product
                 Code QNP)

Predicate Device: SKOUT® system, Iterative Scopes, K240781

Device Description

The SKOUT® system is a software-based computer aided detection (CADe) system for the analysis
of high-definition endoscopic video during colonoscopy procedures. The SKOUT® system is intended
to aid gastroenterologists with the detection of potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy by
providing an informational visual aid on the endoscopic monitor using trained software that processes
the endoscopic video in real time.

Users will primarily interact with the SKOUT® system by observing the software display, including the
polyp detection box and device status indicator signal.

Polyp Detection Notification

The SKOUT® system has a main graphical user interface (GUI) feature of the polyp detection
notification. The polyp detection notification is a two-dimensional blue rectangular outline generated
around any suspected polyps on the endoscopic video feed. If there is no polyp detected, the bounding
box does not appear. SKOUT® system pauses polyp detection when an endoscopic tools are detected
in the video feed to ensure that the bounding box does not hinder any surgical procedure, biopsy, or
resection or this may also occur when lighting conditions are deemed to be inadequate.

The polyp detection notification enables users to:

   ●  Detect  potential  colorectal  polyps  during colonoscopy  examinations  in  adult  patients
       undergoing a colorectal cancer screening or surveillance procedure.
   ●   Utilize a tool that provides additional information for endoscopic observation.

K251126
                                                                                   Page 2 of 6


   Device Status Indicator

   The SKOUT® system has an additional GUI feature that notifies users of the current device status
    (active or error):

      ●  a two-dimensional green box with letter (S) when the device is powered on and actively
           processing video.
      ●  a two-dimensional gray box with letter (S) when a surgical tool is present.
      ●  a red (X) with an error message; when there is an error with the video processing function of
           the SKOUT® system, the green box will be replaced with a red X and error message to indicate
         an error has occurred.

   Intended Use / Indications for Use

   The SKOUT® system is a software device designed to detect potential colorectal polyps in real time
    during colonoscopy examinations.  It  is indicated as a computer-aided detection tool providing
    colorectal polyps location information to assist qualified and trained gastroenterologists in identifying
    potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy examinations in adult patients undergoing colorectal
   cancer screening or surveillance.

   The SKOUT® system  is only intended to assist the gastroenterologist in identifying suspected
    colorectal polyps and the gastroenterologist is responsible for reviewing SKOUT® suspected polyp
   areas and confirming the presence or absence of a polyp based on their own medical judgment.
   SKOUT® is not intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be relied upon to make
   a primary interpretation of endoscopic procedures, medical diagnosis, or recommendations of
    treatment/course of action for patients. SKOUT® is indicated for white light colonoscopy only.

   Summary of Technological Characteristics

   The subject device is a modified version of the predicate device, which was cleared on July 3, 2024
    (K241508). The key characteristics of the subject SKOUT® system and the predicate SKOUT® system
    are compared in the following table.

                          Table 1: Comparison of Key Characteristics

                   SKOUT® system             SKOUT® system
                                                                       Comparison
                     (Subject Device, K251126)       (Predicate Device, K241508)
Device Version   SKOUT® system v2.2          SKOUT® system v2.1            N/A

Hardware       SKOUT211                 SKOUT210                    N/A
Configuration(s)  SKOUT220

Regulation       21 CFR 876.1520               21 CFR 876.1520             Same

Product Code   QNP                   QNP                     Same

Device Class      Class II                         Class II                   Same

Intended Use    A gastrointestinal lesion software  A gastrointestinal lesion software  Same
                    detection system is a computer-    detection system is a computerassisted detection device used in   assisted detection device used in
                    conjunction with endoscopy for     conjunction with endoscopy for

K251126
                                                                                  Page 3 of 6


                   SKOUT® system             SKOUT® system
                                                                       Comparison
                     (Subject Device, K251126)       (Predicate Device, K241508)
                   the detection of abnormal lesions   the detection of abnormal lesions
                       in the gastrointestinal tract. This     in the gastrointestinal tract. This
                   device with advanced software     device with advanced software
                   algorithms brings attention to       algorithms brings attention to
                 images to aid in the detection of    images to aid in the detection of
                     lesions. The device has hardware   lesions. The device has hardware
                components to support           components to support
                     interfacing with an endoscope.      interfacing with an endoscope.

Indications for    The SKOUT® system is a        The SKOUT® system is a       Same
Use               software device designed to        software device designed to
                    detect potential colorectal polyps   detect potential colorectal polyps
                       in real time during colonoscopy      in real time during colonoscopy
                   examinations. It is indicated as a   examinations. It is indicated as a
                  computer-aided detection tool      computer-aided detection tool
                    providing colorectal polyps          providing colorectal polyps
                     location information to assist        location information to assist
                      qualified and trained                 qualified and trained
                    gastroenterologists in identifying    gastroenterologists in identifying
                     potential colorectal polyps during    potential colorectal polyps during
                  colonoscopy examinations in       colonoscopy examinations in
                     adult patients undergoing           adult patients undergoing
                     colorectal cancer screening or      colorectal cancer screening or
                     surveillance.                         surveillance.

                The SKOUT® system is only      The SKOUT® system is only
                   intended to assist the              intended to assist the
                    gastroenterologist in identifying     gastroenterologist in identifying
                  suspected colorectal polyps and    suspected colorectal polyps and
                   the gastroenterologist is            the gastroenterologist is
                   responsible for reviewing           responsible for reviewing
              SKOUT® suspected polyp areas   SKOUT® suspected polyp areas
                and confirming the presence or    and confirming the presence or
                 absence of a polyp based on their  absence of a polyp based on their
               own medical judgment. SKOUT®   own medical judgment. SKOUT®
                         is not intended to replace a full       is not intended to replace a full
                     patient evaluation, nor is it          patient evaluation, nor is it
                   intended to be relied upon to       intended to be relied upon to
               make a primary interpretation of   make a primary interpretation of
                  endoscopic procedures, medical   endoscopic procedures, medical
                    diagnosis, or recommendations of  diagnosis, or recommendations of
                   treatment/course of action for       treatment/course of action for
                     patients. SKOUT® is indicated for   patients. SKOUT® is indicated for
                   white light colonoscopy only.       white light colonoscopy only.

K251126
                                                                                    Page 4 of 6


                   SKOUT® system             SKOUT® system
                                                                       Comparison
                     (Subject Device, K251126)       (Predicate Device, K241508)
User Population   Adult patients undergoing          Adult patients undergoing       Same
                     colorectal cancer screening or      colorectal cancer screening or
                    surveillance colonoscopy.           surveillance colonoscopy.

Fundamental     The SKOUT® system is          The SKOUT® system is         Same
Technological    composed of a single piece       composed of a single piece
Characteristics   hardware design and software     hardware design and software
                  designed to highlight portions of    designed to highlight portions of
                   the colon where the device         the colon where the device
                   detects potential colorectal         detects potential colorectal
                    polyps.                            polyps.

Software        The SKOUT® system utilizes an   The SKOUT® system utilizes an   Same
Algorithm             artificial intelligence-based             artificial intelligence-based
                    algorithm to perform the polyp      algorithm to perform the polyp
                    detection function.                  detection function.

Power Source     Hospital mains power              Hospital mains power          Same

Safety Features   The Mode Selection Button       The Mode Selection Button       Same, except
                   allows for instantaneous toggling   allows for instantaneous toggling    for minor
                 between the SKOUT® video feed   between the SKOUT® video feed   change in
                and the bypass video feed in the   and the bypass video feed in the    internal
                  event of software error that        event of software error that        hardware
                     affects video quality.                 affects video quality.             components for
                                                                                         the video
                The polyp detection marker is     The polyp detection marker is
                                                                              bypass switch.
                   disabled if a biopsy tool enters      disabled if a biopsy tool enters
                                                                                       This change
                   the field of view to prevent          the field of view to prevent
                                                                            does not raise
                    obstruction of the area of interest   obstruction of the area of interest
                                                                                                      different
                   during intervention.                during intervention.
                                                                                      questions of
              SKOUT® system GUI also has a   SKOUT® system GUI also has a    safety or
                   device status indicator that         device status indicator that          effectiveness.
                       notifies users of the current          notifies users of the current
                   device status (active or error):      device status (active or error):

                   ●  a two-dimensional green      ●  a two-dimensional green
                       box with letter (S) when          box with letter (S) when
                           the device is powered on           the device is powered on
                      and actively processing          and actively processing
                            video.                              video.
                   ●  a two-dimensional gray       ●  a two-dimensional gray
                       box with letter (S) when a         box with letter (S) when a
                             surgical tool is present.              surgical tool is present.
                   ●  a red (X) with an error        ●  a red (X) with an error
                       message; when there is          message; when there is
                      an error with the video           an error with the video
                          processing function of the          processing function of the
                   SKOUT® system, the          SKOUT® system, the

K251126
                                                                                 Page 5 of 6


                   SKOUT® system             SKOUT® system
                                                                       Comparison
                     (Subject Device, K251126)       (Predicate Device, K241508)
                        green box will be                 green box will be
                          replaced with a red X and          replaced with a red X and
                             error message to indicate           error message to indicate
                      an error has occurred.           an error has occurred.

Device Output   SKOUT® system generates      SKOUT® system generates      Same
                 markers in the form of blue        markers in the form of blue
                   rectangles superimposed on the    rectangles superimposed on the
                  endoscopic video when potential   endoscopic video when potential
                     colorectal polyps are identified.     colorectal polyps are identified.
              SKOUT® markers are not       SKOUT® markers are not
                 accompanied by a sound.         accompanied by a sound.

                The polyp detection marker is     The polyp detection marker is
                   disabled if a biopsy tool enters      disabled if a biopsy tool enters
                   the field of view to prevent          the field of view to prevent
                    obstruction of the area of interest   obstruction of the area of interest
                   during intervention.                during intervention.

Video Input        Serial Digital Interface (SDI); de-    Serial Digital Interface (SDI); de-   Same
                      interlacing applied during pre-       interlacing applied during preprocessing                       processing

Compatible      Olympus EVIS EXERA II,        Olympus EVIS EXERA III and      Addition of
Video           Olympus EVIS EXERA III, and     FUJIFILM Eluxeo VP-7000 with    Olympus EVIS
Processors      FUJIFILM Eluxeo VP-7000 with    compatible HD output          EXERA II video
                   compatible HD output                                              processor was
                                                                                             validated in
                                                                                                  testing and
                                                                            does not raise
                                                                                                      different
                                                                                          questions.

Video Delay      Video delay due to marker         Video delay due to marker       Same
                   annotation = 0ms (no standard     annotation = 0ms (no standard
                       error; all results were 0, minimum   error, all results were 0, minimum
                     resolution 1.1ms)                   resolution 1.1ms)

                  Video delay due to device = 0ms   Video delay due to device = 0ms
                   (no standard error; all results       (no standard error, all results
                 were 0, minimum resolution       were 0, minimum resolution
                  1.1ms)                          1.1ms)

Pixel Level      No pixel level degradation is      No pixel level degradation is     Same
Degradation       introduced by SKOUT® to the       introduced by SKOUT® to the
                 Endoscopic System.              Endoscopic System.

K251126
                                                                               Page 6 of 6


The subject device includes the following minor changes to the technological characteristics compared
to the predicate device:

   ●   Introduction of alternate hardware configuration with modified GPU and video bypass switch
        to improve supply chain stability, reduce power consumption by the GPU, and reduce risk of
       hardware-related failure for bypass switch;
   ●  Updates to system software to be compatible with both hardware configurations;
   ●  Updates to back-end software (non-user facing);
   ●  Update to the overheating warning message performance;
   ●  Routine software updates to address bugs, cybersecurity, and code optimization identified by
       software maintenance activities;
   ●   Additional video processing tower validated as compatible and added to the device labeling.

Performance Testing

Non-clinical performance testing was conducted to demonstrate that the SKOUT® system is as safe
and effective as the predicate device.

   ●   Electrical safety, usability and electromagnetic compatibility testing was conducted for the
        alternate hardware configuration per IEC 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-2, IEC 60601-2-18, and IEC
       60601-1-6.
   ●  Software verification and validation testing was conducted to confirm the SKOUT® system
       software meets  design  requirements  for  its  intended  use,  per  the  device’s  design
       documentation in line with recommendations outlined in General Principles of Software
        Validation, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff.
   ●   Algorithm performance testing was performed for evaluation of true positives, false positives,
      and polyp detection time, with an expanded dataset for the added video processing tower.
   ●   Additional bench software testing was performed to confirm the device meets the special
        controls in 21 CFR 876.1520 for pixel degradation and video delays.

SKOUT® system demonstrated passing results in all applicable testing.

Conclusions

The SKOUT® system has the same intended use, indications for use, technological characteristics,
and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in hardware and software do
not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. The inference algorithms have remained
the same, therefore clinical performance remains unchanged from the clinical testing submitted in
K213686. Performance data demonstrates that the SKOUT® system is as safe and effective as the
predicate device. Thus, the SKOUT® system is substantially equivalent.