December 5, 2025


Overjet, Inc.
℅ Alireza Sojoudi
VP of Machine Learning & Compliance
200 State St Ste 1220
BOSTON, MA 02109


Re: K251514
    Trade/Device Name:  Overjet CBCT Assist
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 6, 2025
    Received: November 6, 2025


Dear Alireza Sojoudi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K251514 - Alireza Sojoudi                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251514 - Alireza Sojoudi                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251514

Device Name
Overjet CBCT Assist


Indications for Use (Describe)
Overjet CBCT Assist is a software for the analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial Cone Beam Computed Tomography
(CBCT) images. The software utilizes artificial intelligence/machine learning algorithms to provide automated
segmentations, user-delineated or automated measurements, and 2D/3D visualizations. These tools are intended to assist
dental professionals in their review and interpretation of CBCT images by facilitating anatomical assessment and
supporting their diagnostic and treatment planning process. The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete
clinician’s review or their clinical judgement.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251514 - 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements
of 21CFR Part 807.92

1. Date

December 3, 2025

2. Applicant

Overjet, Inc.
200 State St
Suite 1220
Boston, MA 02109
Contact Person: Dr. Alireza Sojoudi
Email: alireza.sojoudi@overjet.ai

3. Trade Name

Overjet CBCT Assist


4. Common Name

Automated Radiological Image Processing Software


5. Classification

Regulation:        21 CFR 892.2050
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Regulatory Class:   Class II
Product code:     QIH
Review Panel:      Radiology

6. Device Description

Overjet CBCT  Assist (OCBCTA)  is a cloud-based software designed  to  assist dental
professionals in the visualization and assessment of Cone Beam Computed Tomography
(CBCT) images. The software enables interactive review of 3D CBCT data through volume
rendering and multi-planar reconstruction (MPR) views and provides manual and automated
tools to support diagnostic interpretation and treatment planning.

Overjet CBCT Assist uses machine learning-based segmentation algorithms to automatically
identify  and  label  anatomical  and  restorative  structures,  including  permanent  teeth,
maxillofacial anatomy, and prior dental treatments such as implants, root canal therapy,

crowns, and fillings. These outputs support clinical workflows by enhancing visualization and
  enabling measurement of relevant features.


7. Indications for Use

  Overjet CBCT Assist is a software for the analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial Cone
 Beam  Computed  Tomography  (CBCT)   images.  The   software   utilizes    artificial
  intelligence/machine learning algorithms to provide automated segmentations, user-delineated
  or automated measurements, and 2D/3D visualizations. These tools are intended to assist
  dental  professionals  in  their review and  interpretation  of CBCT images by  facilitating
  anatomical assessment and supporting their diagnostic and treatment planning process. The
  device  is not intended as a replacement for a complete clinician’s review or their clinical
  judgement.

  8. Predicate Device

  a. Device:         Relu Creator
  Manufacturer:      Relu BV
  510(k):           K233925
  Product code:     QIH
 Common Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing System
  Regulation:       21 CFR 892.2050
  Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system

  b. Device:         Planmeca Romexis
  Manufacturer:      Planmeca Oy
  510(k):           K200572
  Product Code:     LLZ
 Common Name:    System, Image Processing, Radiological
  Regulation:        21 CFR 892.2050
  Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System

  9. Reference Device

  Device:             Overjet Charting Assist
  Manufacturer:        Overjet, Inc.
  510(k):           K241684
  Product Code:     QIH
 Common Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing System
  Regulation:        21 CFR 892.2050
  Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System

  10. Indications for Use Comparison:

 The indications for Use for Overjet CBCT Assist is determined to be substantially equivalent to
  the predicate devices - Relu Creator and Planmeca Romexis.

The subject and the predicate devices are intended to support the visualization, analysis, and
       interpretation of 3D CBCT data in dental and craniomaxillofacial applications. Each device
       assists qualified dental professionals in reviewing volumetric radiographic data to aid in the
      diagnostic process and treatment planning.

      While the predicate devices include functionality to support design input for downstream dental
       solutions (e.g., surgical guides or treatment simulations), Overjet CBCT Assist is limited to
      diagnostic support. Despite this difference, the core intended use of supporting visualization,
      analysis and interpretation of 3D CBCT data remains consistent across all devices.

      11. Technological Characteristics Comparison

    Table 1: Comparison to Predicate Devices

    Criteria           Subject Device          Primary Predicate       Secondary Predicate      Comparison
                   Overjet CBCT Assist     Relu Creator (K233925)      Planmeca Romexis
                        Overjet, Inc.               Relu BV                 (K200572)
                                                                Planmeca Oy

Classification   21 CFR 892.2050, Medical   21 CFR 892.2050,       21 CFR 892.2050, Medical    Same
Regulation     Image Management and      Medical Image          Image Management and
                Processing System         Management and         Processing System
                                            Processing System

Intended         Overjet CBCT Assist is a     Relu Creator is a         Planmeca Romexis is a           All three devices
Use/Indication   software for the analysis of    software program for the   medical imaging software       are intended to
s for Use        dental and                management, transfer,                                   support the                                                                       intended for use in dental and
                  craniomaxillofacial Cone     and analysis of dental                                          visualization,                                                                     medical care as a tool for
            Beam Computed           and craniomaxillofacial                                      analysis, and
                                                                            displaying and visualizing              Tomography (CBCT)        image information, and                                        interpretation of
                images. The software        can be used to provide     dental and medical 2D and    3D CBCT data in
                     utilizes artificial              design input for dental    3D image files from imaging     dental and
                 intelligence/machine           solutions. It                devices, such as projection      craniomaxillofacial
                  learning algorithms to         displays and enhances    radiography and CBCT. It is     applications.
                 provide automated               digital images from                                     While the                                                                       intended for use by
                segmentations,               various sources to                                         predicate devices
                                                                                  radiologists, clinicians,
                 user-delineated or            support the diagnostic                                     include
                                                                                  referring physicians and other               automated measurements,    process and                                       downstream
              and 2D/3D visualizations.     treatment planning. It       qualified individuals to          dental solutions,
              These tools are intended to    stores and provides         retrieve, process, render,       the subject device
                  assist dental professionals    these images within the    diagnose, review, store, print,    is limited to
                    in their review and           system or across        and distribute                   diagnostic
                   interpretation of CBCT       computer                                                  support. These                                                               images of both adult and
               images by facilitating         systems at different                                         differences do not
                                                                                 pediatric patients.                anatomical assessment and   locations.                                                 introduce new
                                                             Planmeca Romexis is also a                 supporting their diagnostic                                                             questions of
              and treatment planning                                  preoperative software used     safety or
                 process. The device is not                                     for dental implant planning.      effectiveness.
                intended as a replacement                         Based on the planned implant
                    for a complete clinician’s                                                                               position a model of a surgical
                review or their clinical                                                                     guide for a guided implant
                judgement.
                                                                       surgery can be designed. The
                                                                   designed objects can be
                                                                      exported to manufacture a
                                                                      separate physical product.

Criteria           Subject Device          Primary Predicate       Secondary Predicate      Comparison
                   Overjet CBCT Assist     Relu Creator (K233925)      Planmeca Romexis
                        Overjet, Inc.               Relu BV                 (K200572)
                                                                Planmeca Oy

                                                             Planmeca Romexis is also a
                                                                         preoperative software for
                                                                           simulating / evaluating
                                                                               surgical treatment options.
                                                             Planmeca Romexis is also
                                                                       intended to be used for
                                                                           monitoring, recording, storing
                                                             and displaying mandibular
                                                                    jaw positions and movements
                                                                                    relative to the maxilla.
                                                                                   Additionally, Planmeca
                                                             Romexis includes monitoring
                                                                           features for Planmeca
                                                                      devices for maintenance
                                                                     purposes. The software is
                                                                   designed to work as a
                                                                       stand-alone or as an
                                                                    accessory to Planmeca
                                                                    imaging and Planmeca dental
                                                                                    unit products in standard PC.
                                                           The software is for use by
                                                                        authorized healthcare
                                                                             professionals. Use of the
                                                                        software for implant planning
                                                                           requires that the user has the
                                                                   necessary medical training in
                                                                        implantology and surgical
                                                                                     dentistry. Use of the software
                                                                                       for surgical treatment
                                                                        planning requires that the
                                                                      user has the necessary
                                                                     medical training in
                                                                                 maxillofacial surgery.
                                                                              Indications of the dental
                                                                         implants do not change with
                                                                    guided surgery compared to
                                                                        conventional surgery.

Platform &       Web-application              Web-application          Standard PC hardware        The subject
Requirements                                Local application                                        device is offered
                                                                                            as a web
                                                                                                               application only.

Input File       Supports CBCT-based       Supports a broader       2D, 3D                    The subject
Types        DICOM files: standard        range of image types                                    device is focused
              CBCT, enhanced CBCT,      used in dental                                               exclusively on 3D
              and craniofacial 3D DICOM   workflows, including                                       volumetric CBCT
                 formats.                  CBCT, IOS (intraoral                                    data while the
                                               scans), and FS (facial                                     predicate devices
                                               scans).                                                 are capable of

Criteria           Subject Device          Primary Predicate       Secondary Predicate      Comparison
                   Overjet CBCT Assist     Relu Creator (K233925)      Planmeca Romexis
                        Overjet, Inc.               Relu BV                 (K200572)
                                                                Planmeca Oy

                                                                                                             ingesting a
                                                                                                  broader range of
                                                                                                 imaging
                                                                                                               modalities.

Output File    PDF                  PDF report           PDF report                          All three devices
Types                            Common formats for                                      provide output as
                                                dental and                                 PDF reports. The
                                                  craniomaxillofacial                                         predicate Relu
                                              treatment planning                                       Creator also
                                                 applications (STL,                                       supports export in
                                    DICOM, PLY, OBJ)                                      standard 3D
                                                                                                      planning formats
                                                                                            as compared to
                                                                                                        the subject device.

Functions and    ● Multi-Planar                   ● Multi-Planar               ● Multi-Planar Reconstruction  The differences in
Capabilities        Reconstruction Views         Reconstruction Views     Views                          specific features
                    ● 3D Volume Rendering        ● 3D Volume Rendering    ● 3D Volume Rendering       do not introduce
                    ● Virtual Panoramic view       ● Virtual Panoramic         ● Virtual Panoramic view     new questions of
                    reconstruction               view reconstruction        reconstruction                safety or
                    ● Image enhancement and    ● Image enhancement     ● Image enhancement and      effectiveness.
                   manipulation (Brightness,    and manipulation          manipulation (Brightness,
                   Contrast)                      (Brightness, Contrast)      Contrast)
                    ● AI-based segmentation of   ● AI-based                   ● Segmentation of the jaws
                   dental and                  segmentation of           ● Linear, angular, area and
                     craniomaxillofacial            dental and                 volumetric measurements
                 anatomy, as well as past       craniomaxillofacial        ● Implant Planning
                     restorations.                anatomy, as well as      ● Preoperative software for
                    ● Measurement - Distance      past restorations.          simulating / evaluating
                     (length, diameter,             ● Preoperative Planning      surgical treatment
                    perimeter), Area, Angle,     ● STL export supported    ● Airway volume
                   Signal intensity                  for general anatomical    measurement
                    ● Implant Site Evaluation        structures.
                    ● 3rd molar surgery
                   planning by generating
                      linear measurement to
                 nearby critical structures
                    ● Supports airway
                   evaluation by reporting
               minimum cross-sectional
                  area


    Table 2: Comparison to Reference Device


                                Subject Device                           Reference Device
        Criteria                Overjet CBCT Assist                        Overjet Charting Assist
                                     Overjet, Inc.                                (K241684)
                                                                                Overjet Inc.

      Classification   21 CFR 892.2050, Medical Image           21 CFR 892.2050, Medical Image Management
     Regulation    Management and Processing System        and Processing System

Intended        Overjet CBCT Assist is a software for the      Overjet Charting Assist is a Medical Image
Use/Indicatio   analysis of dental and craniomaxillofacial     Management and Processing System (MIMPS)
ns for Use            Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT)   intended to detect natural dental structures
               images. The software utilizes artificial          including detection of tooth anatomy (enamel,
                intelligence/machine learning algorithms to     pulp), and tooth numbering, as well as dental
                provide automated segmentations,             structures added through past restorative
                user-delineated or automated                  treatments: implants, crowns, endodontic
              measurements, and 2D/3D visualizations.      treatment (previous root canal treatment), fillings.
             These tools are intended to assist dental     The device is intended to assist dental
                professionals in their review and               professionals in producing dental charts based on
                  interpretation of CBCT images by facilitating   image analysis. The Overjet Charting Assist
               anatomical assessment and supporting their    detects these findings on bitewing (BW) and
                 diagnostic and treatment planning process.       periapical (PA) images for patients with primary
             The device is not intended as a replacement   and/or permanent teeth (Ages 5 and above), and
                   for a complete clinician’s review or their       panoramic (Pano) radiographs for patients with
                    clinical judgement.                            only permanent teeth. The device is not intended
                                                      as a replacement for a complete clinician's review
                                                                or clinical judgment that considers other relevant
                                                               information from the image or patient history.

Input Data    3D CBCT volumes (DICOM format)        2D dental radiographs

Technology     AI-based algorithms for the detection of       AI-based algorithms for the detection of natural
                dental and craniomaxillofacial anatomy, as     dental structures and structures added through
                 well as past restorations.                     past restorative treatment.

       11.1 Comparison to Predicate device:

 The technological characteristics of the subject device are nearly identical to those of the
 predicate devices, with only minor differences. All three devices support the visualization and
 analysis of 3D DICOM-compliant CBCT data and are designed to aid dental professionals in
 diagnostic evaluation and treatment planning. Overjet CBCT Assist incorporates AI-based
 segmentation  to  identify  anatomical and  restorative  structures  within CBCT volumes,
 consistent with capabilities described in the predicate devices. Manual measurement tools
 such as linear, angular, and area assessments are available to support clinical workflows,
 similar to those available in the identified predicates.

 While Overjet CBCT Assist is focused exclusively on 3D CBCT data, the predicate devices
 additionally  support  other  imaging  modalities  (e.g.,  intraoral  scans,  facial scans, 2D
 radiographs) and  include  optional  features  for  treatment design  or  simulation. These
 differences reflect typical variability in feature sets among medical imaging software and do
 not introduce new questions of safety or effectiveness.

       11.2 Comparison to Reference Device:

 The Overjet Charting Assist (K241684)  is included as a reference device to support the
 scientific testing methods used for the subject device. Both the subject device and the
 reference device are modules  within  the same  Overjet  Platform and  utilize AI-based
 segmentation, classification, and visualization frameworks. The only difference between the
 two devices is the input image modality (2D radiograph vs 3D CBCT data).

12. Performance Testing

Overjet conducted comprehensive nonclinical performance testing to support a determination
of substantial equivalence for Overjet CBCT Assist. This included software verification and
validation (V&V) testing in accordance with FDA guidance “General Principles of Software
Validation”  (FDA,  January  2002)  and  the  FDA-recognized  consensus  standard IEC
62304:2006+A1:2015  for  software  lifecycle  processes.  Testing encompassed  unit-level
validation, integration testing, system verification, and user acceptance testing, all of which
confirmed that the software performs as intended under expected use conditions.


Additionally, Overjet performed a standalone clinical performance study using retrospective
CBCT data to evaluate the accuracy of automated segmentations and measurements. The
study included comparison  to ground  truth annotations generated by licensed oral and
maxillofacial radiologists.


A total of 100 CBCT scans were included in the pivotal study. These scans were obtained
from a demographically and anatomically diverse patient population and were acquired using
devices from multiple CBCT scanner manufacturers. Images were independently reviewed
and annotated by three U.S.-licensed oral and maxillofacial radiologists and dentists. The
resulting segmentations served as the reference standard against which the device’s outputs
were compared.


The following key performance metrics were evaluated:
  ●  Instance-level sensitivity for dental anatomy, restorative structures, and maxillofacial
     anatomy
  ●  Instance-level specificity for restorative structures
  ●  Dice similarity coefficient for all segmented structures
  ● Measurement accuracy (Mean Absolute Error (MAE) and Root Mean Square Error
     (RMSE)) for automated linear measurements displayed in MPR views
  ●  Tooth-level sensitivity and accuracy for tooth numbering


No adverse effects or complications were identified in the retrospective evaluation, as the
software functions as an image processing and visualization aid and does not directly
interact with patients.


The  results met  or exceeded  all pre-specified performance goals. For instance, the
observed  instance-level  sensitivity  for  restorative structures was 87.0% with 95% CI
(82.3%, 91.2%) and the instance-level sensitivity for dental anatomy was 93.9% with 95% CI
(91.7%, 95.9%) surpassing  the  required threshold  for  this endpoint. Dice scores  for
segmented structures passed their individually associated thresholds across all evaluated
classes. Measurement accuracy for linear distances also met the target thresholds for MAE
and RMSE. These results demonstrate that Overjet CBCT Assist performs safely and
effectively within its intended use and is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate
devices.

13. Conclusion


Overjet CBCT Assist is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Relu Creator and
Planmeca Romexis. The differences do not raise any concerns about the safety or efficacy
of the device.