August 21, 2025


Vista AI, Inc.
James Rogers
Regulatory Affairs and Strategic Quality Assurance
431 Florence Street
Suite 100
Palo Alto, California 94301


Re: K251029
    Trade/Device Name:  Vista OS, Vista AI Scan, RTHawk
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: April 2, 2025
    Received: July 18, 2025

Dear James Rogers:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251029 - James Rogers                                                              Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251029 - James Rogers                                                              Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251029

Device Name
Vista OS, Vista AI Scan, RTHawk


Indications for Use (Describe)
Vista OS is an accessory to 1.5T and 3.0T whole-body magnetic resonance diagnostic devices (MRDD). It is intended to
operate alongside, and in parallel with, the existing MR console to acquire traditional, real-time and accelerated images.

Vista OS software controls the MR scanner to acquire, reconstruct and display static and dynamic transverse, coronal,
sagittal, and oblique cross-sectional images that display the internal structures and/or functions of the entire body. The
images produced reflect the spatial distribution of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. The magnetic resonance
properties that determine image appearance are proton density, spin-lattice relaxation time (T1), spin-spin relaxation time
(T2) and flow. When interpreted by a trained physician, these images provide information that may assist in the
determination of a diagnosis.

Vista OS is intended for use as an accessory to the following MRI systems:

Manufacturers: GE Healthcare (GEHC), Siemens Healthineers
Field Strength: 1.5T and 3.0T
GE Software Versions: 12, 15, 16, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30
Siemens Software Versions: N4/VE; NX/VA


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


                    510(k) Summary
            Vista OS; Vista AI Scan; RTHawk
                    K251029

Administrative Information

 Submitter Name                Vista AI, Inc.

 Submitter Address           431 Florence Street
                                Suite 100
                             Palo Alto, CA 94301

 Establishment Registration #   3011767965

 Primary Contact            James Jochen Rogers
                      FDA Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Studies
                                      T: 724.713.2298
                               E: jr@vista.ai

 Submission Date                April 2, 2025


Device Information


 Trade / Proprietary Name       Vista OS, Vista AI Scan, RTHawk

 Common Name           RTHawk

 Product Version           RTHawk 3.3.0

 Regulation Number           892.1000

 Regulation Name             Magnetic resonance diagnostic device (MRDD)

 Regulatory Class             Class II

 Device Classification Name    System, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging

 Classification Panel           Radiology

 Classification Product Code   LNH


                                                                                                                                                     1

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


Predicate Device(s)


 510(k) #    Device                                  510(k) Sponsor  Clearance Date

 K212233    RTHawk, HeartVista Cardiac Package      HeartVista, Inc.   October 5, 2021


Device Description

The Vista AI "Vista OS” product provides a seamless user experience for performing MRI
studies on GE and Siemens scanners. The underlying software platform that we use to
accomplish this task is called "RTHawk".

RTHawk is a software platform designed from the ground up to provide efficient MRI data
acquisition, data transfer, image reconstruction, and interactive scan control and display of
static and dynamic MR imaging data. It can control MR pulse sequences provided by Vista
AI and, on scanners that support it, it can equally control MR pulse sequences provided by
the scanner vendor. Scan protocols can be created by the user that mix and match among
all available sequences.

RTHawk is an accessory to clinical 1.5T and 3.0T MR systems, operating alongside, and in
parallel with, the MR scanner console with no permanent physical modifications to the MRI
system required.

The software runs on a stand-alone Linux-based computer workstation with color monitor,
keyboard and mouse. It is designed to operate alongside, and in parallel with, the existing
MR console with no hardware modifications required to be made to the MR system or
console. This workstation (the "Vista Workstation") is sourced by the Customer in
conformance with specifications provided by Vista AI, and is verified prior to installation.

A private Ethernet network connects the Vista Workstation to the MR scanner computer.
When not in use, the Vista Workstation may be detached from the MR scanner with no
detrimental, residual impact upon MR scanner function, operation, or throughput.

RTHawk is an easy-to-use, yet fully functional, MR Operating System environment. RTHawk
has been designed to provide a platform for the efficient acquisition, control, reconstruction,
display, and storage of high-quality static and dynamic MRI images and data.

Data is continuously acquired and displayed. By user interaction or data feedback,
fundamental scan parameters can be modified. Real-time and high-resolution image

                                                                                            2

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


acquisition methods are used throughout RTHawk for scan plane localization, for tracking of
patient motion, for detection of transient events, for on-the-fly, sub-second latency
adjustment of image acquisition parameters (e.g., scan plane, flip angle, field-of-view, etc.)
and for image visualization.

RTHawk implements the conventional MRI concept of anatomy- and indication-specific
Protocols (e.g., ischemia evaluation, valvular evaluation, routine brain, etc.). Protocols are
pre-set by Vista AI, but new protocols can be created and modified by the end user.

RTHawk Apps (Applications) are composed of a pulse sequence, predefined fixed and
adjustable parameters, reconstruction pipeline(s), and a tailored graphical user interface
containing image visualization and scan control tools. RTHawk Apps may provide real-time
interactive scanning, conventional (traditional) batch-mode scanning, accelerated scanning,
or calibration functions, in which data acquired may be used to tune or optimize other Apps.

When vendor-supplied pulse sequences are used in Vista OS, parameters and scan planes
are prescribed in the Vista interface and images reconstructed by the scanner appear on the
Vista Workstation. RTHawk Apps and vendor-supplied sequences can be mixed within a
single protocol with a unified user experience for both.

Machine Learning Use in Vista OS


The AI algorithms within the Vista OS system are designed to assist MRI technologists
which are always in control of the scan process. The software automates aspects of MRI
setup and parameter selection to help reduce exam time, simplify the workflow, and increase
reliability. The AI models are employed to perform specific tasks such as:

   ●  Prescription Localization: The AI provides an initial estimate of image prescriptions,
      which the technologist can adjust.
   ●  Cardiac Segmentation: The AI provides measurements of the subject’s anatomy to
       aid in optimizing imaging parameters, which the technologist can modify.
   ●   Artifact Detection: The AI alerts the technologist to poor image quality resulting from
       breathing artifacts or irregular rhythm.
   ●  Cardiac Motion Registration: The AI improves image quality by reducing motion
       across images when scanned in the cardiac short-axis view.

No clinical decisions are made by the software. The outputs of the AI models are imaging
acquisition settings and preliminary analyses useful for assisting the acquisition of images,
which are then visually presented to the technologist. The technologist retains the ability to
reject or modify the AI's outputs.


                                                                                             3

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


The system uses neural networks for image analysis, with no generative AI employed.
These models have a multi-layered architecture that reduces data to the most relevant set
for inline image analysis.

RTHawk operates compatible MR scanners within the safety parameters listed below:


 Safety Parameter             Safety Level

 Magnetic Field Strength         1.5T, 3.0T

 Operating Modes             IEC 60601-2-33 1st Level Operating Mode

 Safety Parameter Display      SAR, dB/dt

 Max SAR                  < 4 W/kg whole-body

 Max dB/dt                       1st Level Operating Mode


Indications for Use

Vista OS is an accessory to 1.5T and 3.0T whole-body magnetic resonance diagnostic
devices (MRDD). It is intended to operate alongside, and in parallel with, the existing MR
console to acquire traditional, real-time and accelerated images.

Vista OS software controls the MR scanner to acquire, reconstruct and display static and
dynamic transverse, coronal, sagittal, and oblique cross-sectional images that display the
internal structures and/or functions of the entire body. The images produced reflect the
spatial distribution of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. The magnetic resonance
properties that determine image appearance are proton density, spin-lattice relaxation time
(T1), spin-spin relaxation time (T2) and flow. When interpreted by a trained physician, these
images provide information that may assist in the determination of a diagnosis.

Vista OS is intended for use as an accessory to the following MRI systems:

Manufacturers:: GE Healthcare (GEHC), Siemens Healthineers
Field Strength:: 1.5T and 3.0T
GE Software Versions:: 12, 15, 16, 23, 24, 25, 26, 30
Siemens Software Versions:: N4/VE; NX/VA


                                                                                       4

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


Performance Data

Vista OS was designed, developed, and validated to conform with all applicable
requirements and standards to establish the device’s safety and effectiveness. Quality
assurance measures employed during the development of Vista OS include:
   ●  Code reviews
   ●  Design reviews
   ●  Unit and integration level testing
   ●   Verification testing, including System and Manual testing
   ●  Safety testing, including SAR, dB/dt, and acoustic noise
   ●  Performance testing, including SNR and uniformity
   ●  Validation testing

Vista AI has made general use of the FDA Recognized Consensus Standards listed in the
table below, as applicable to device features and components:


 Reference #                Title

 IEC 60601-2-33:2022-08  Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-33: Particular requirements
 (Ed. 4.0)                     for the basic safety and essential performance of magnetic
                        resonance equipment for medical diagnosis (radiology)

 IEC 60601-1:2020 (Ed.    Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General requirements for
 3.2)                      basic safety and essential performance; Section 14 Programmable
                               Electrical Medical Systems (PEMS)

 MS1-2008               Determination of Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) in Diagnostic
                         Magnetic Resonance Imaging

 MS3-2008               Determination of Image Uniformity in Diagnostic Magnetic
                      Resonance Images

 MS4-2010                Acoustic Noise Measurement Procedure for Diagnostic Magnetic
                      Resonance Imaging Devices

 MS8-2016                Characterization of the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) for
                         Magnetic Resonance Imaging Systems

 NEMA PS3.1 - 3.20        Digital Imaging And Communications In Medicine (DICOM) Set
 (2023e)

 ISO 14971:2019          Medical Devices - Application Of Risk Management To Medical
                         Devices


Tests conducted according to the above-referenced standards demonstrate that Vista OS
meets the requirements for its intended use and demonstrates substantial equivalence to the
predicate device.
                                                                                          5

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


Vista OS AI Model Training and Verification

Vista OS neural-network models were developed and trained using industry-standard
methods for partitioning and isolating training, tuning, and internal testing datasets.
Neural-network parameters and weights were updated on the training data and evaluated on
the tuning data at each epoch. Upon full training, the model's generalizability was assessed
on the independent internal testing dataset (preceding clinical verification). Model
development data was partitioned by unique anonymous patient identifiers to prevent
overlap across training, internal testing, and clinical verification datasets.

After training the Vista OS models, clinical verification testing was performed for each new
feature to assess clinical performance. Clinical assessments were performed by
independent board-certified radiologists or cardiologists who were not involved in any aspect
of model development (including providing labels for training, tuning or internal testing).
Clinicians involved in clinical assessment were blinded to patient clinical information. Data
used in clinical verification were obtained from multiple clinical sites representing diverse
ethnic groups, genders, and ages. The clinical verification data was isolated from data used
internally for training and tuning.

Summary of Clinical Verifications

To test the automatic detection of motion artifacts in Cine Cartesian SSFP, 120 sample
images collected from prior versions of Vista OS were assessed for the presence of clinically
significant artifacts. Among images assessed, 81% were collected from male patients, 50%
from 1.5 Tesla scanners, and 84% were scanned using GE scanners. Patient ages ranged
from 20 to 80 years. Test data was segregated from training and tuning data and used only
once in final clinical verification. The primary acceptance criterion for this test was 80%
agreement between neural-network assessment at its default sensitivity level and the
cardiologist reader.

To test the automatic detection of ungateable cardiac waveforms, 100 sample ECGs were
assessed for suitability for a high-quality gated MR examination. Among waveforms
assessed, 64% were collected from 1.5 Tesla scanners and 68% were collected using GE
scanners. 37% of test waveform data did not specify a gender. Of the remaining 63%, 75%
were collected from male patients. Patient ages ranged from 18 to 100 years. Test data was
segregated from training and tuning data and used only once in final clinical verification. The
primary acceptance criterion for this test was 80% agreement between neural-network
assessment at its default sensitivity level and the cardiologist reader.

To test automatic cardiac image denoising, 209 sample image series collected from prior
versions of Vista OS were assessed along with paired image series that were denoised
using default parameters. Among image series assessed, 79% were collected from male

                                                                                     6

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


patients, 67% from 1.5 Tesla scanners, and 67% were scanned using GE scanners. Patient
ages ranged from 25 to 85 years. Test data was segregated from training and tuning data
and used only once in final clinical verification. The primary acceptance criterion for this test
was that the denoising should not detract from diagnostic accuracy in all cases, and that the
diagnostic quality of the denoised data be judged superior to its paired non-denoised series
in more than 80% of test cases.

To test automatic brain localizer prescriptions, 323 sample image localizations were
assessed across all provided localizer orientations. Among images assessed, 26% were
collected from male patients, 95% from 1.5 Tesla scanners, and 86% were scanned using
GE scanners. Patient ages ranged from 30 to 88 years. Test data was segregated from
training and tuning data and used only once in final clinical verification. Acceptance criteria
for this test included mean error in plane angulation of less than 3 degrees with standard
deviation less than 5 degrees, and a mean plane position error less than 5 mm with standard
deviation less than 15 mm.

To test automatic prostate localizer prescriptions, 329 sample image localizations were
assessed across all provided localizer orientations. Among images assessed, 100% were
collected from male patients, 25% from 1.5 Tesla scanners, and 5% were scanned using GE
scanners. Patient ages ranged from 49 to 76 years. Test data was segregated from training
and tuning data and used only once in final clinical verification. Acceptance criteria for this
test included mean 3D Intersection-over-Union (IoU) metrics of at least 0.65 for each
volumetric scan prescription.

To test automatic prediction of velocity-encoding VENC for cine flow studies, 42 sample
VENC peak estimates were assessed. Among images assessed, 86% were collected from
male patients, 21% from 1.5 Tesla scanners, and 21% were scanned using GE scanners.
Patient ages ranged from 37 to 75 years. Test data was segregated from training and tuning
data and used only once in final clinical verification. The primary acceptance criterion for this
test was that the average velocity error should be less than 10% individually for all vessels
and views.

The results of all above clinical verification studies evaluating the performance of Vista OS
models have demonstrated that their performance meets or exceeds the specified
acceptance criteria for each of the tasks being assessed. In addition, all automations are
provided as an additional aid to the trained operator who has the final decision power to
accept or reject any suggestion or image enhancement that is provided. Therefore, the
clinical performance of Vista OS has been adequately verified to meet the requirements for
its intended use and demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


                                                                                                   7

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


Technological Comparison to Predicate Device

Both the subject device and the predicate device software are intended as an accessory to
1.5T and 3.0T MRI systems, and are intended to integrate and interact seamlessly with the
operating system software within those MRI systems. Both devices support all coils available
on the specific installation’s MRI console. Neither device supports software-controlled patient
table movements and shifts. Both devices support remote access to and imaging on the
specific installation’s MRI system.

The submitted Vista OS software is comprised of the following functional modules which are
also present in the predicate device:

   ●  Acquisition - responsible for the transfer of MR raw data from the MR scanner to the
       Vista Workstation
   ●  Analysis - contains the image post-processing tools
   ●  Application - Vista APPs. Each APP is comprised of a pulse sequence, user
       parameters, a reconstruction pipeline, and a specific user interface
   ●  Information System - the central repository of all relevant MRI system configuration,
        patient, study, scan, etc., parameters associated with the current patient study
   ●  Reconstruction - responsible for the efficient processing of raw data to generate MR
      images via a flexible, pipelined topology
   ●  Scan Control - responsible for low-latency network transfer of controlling orders for
      APPs, APPs parameters modifications, and dynamic information from the MR host in
      response to user or program requests
   ●  Sequencer - creates and provides a specific set of pulse sequence waveforms to
        control the MR scanner
   ●  Storage - obtains current patient and scan information, performs non-volatile local
       storage, exports images and data in DICOM format, and logs events.
   ●  Visualization - implements all aspects of the user interface, including APP selection,
       controls to modify APP parameters, image display, image analysis, graphical slice
        prescription, and image review, save, and export.

As with the predicate device, RTHawk Apps (Applications) are composed of a pulse
sequence, predefined fixed and adjustable parameters, reconstruction pipeline(s), and a
tailored graphical user interface containing image visualization and scan control tools.
RTHawk Apps provide real-time interactive, batch-mode, and accelerated scanning, as well
as calibration functions, in which data acquired may be used to tune or optimize other Apps.
Orthogonal, oblique, and double oblique imaging planes are fully supported. Vista OS
consists of a collection of default protocols containing a combination of RTHawk Apps and
vendor-provided pulse sequences, and functions and features of those Apps are unchanged
from the predicate device.

In this submission, notable changes include:

                                                                                  8

Vista AI, Inc.
                                           431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                             Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                                  +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


      ●  Automatic detection of motion artifacts in Cine Cartesian SSFP
      ●  Automatic detection of ungateable cardiac waveforms
      ●  New AI-based image denoising applicable to cardiac image acquisitions
      ●  A new Brain Localizer App is provided to automatically localize several standard
          views in the brain
      ●  A new Prostate Localizer App is provided to automatically localize several standard
          views in the prostate
      ●  Extended the Cardiac Localizer App to provide automatic localization of additional
          views
      ●  A new Frequency Scout App is provided to automatically determine the frequency
            offset that minimizes SSFP banding artifacts in the four-chamber view
      ●  A new Cine Flow Calibration App option performs a high-VENC Cine Flow scan and
          then automatically determines the optimal VENC setting for subsequent scans
      ●  A new inversion pulse is used in the Cardiac T1 Map App to improve inversion
            efficiency
      ●  Support for new GE software versions HD16, SV25, and MR30.1
      ●  Compatibility with the newer Ubuntu 24.04 operating system version
      ●  Product name change to "Vista AI Scan" / “Vista OS”

    Instructions for use are included within the device labeling, and the information provided
    enables the user to operate the device in a safe and effective manner.

   The following compares the modified device to the predicate device K212233:


Attribute         RTHawk 3.0.0, K212233           RTHawk 3.3.0: Subject Device

Device Name       RTHawk, HeartVista Cardiac Package   Vista OS, Vista AI Scan, RTHawk

Indications for Use    RTHawk is an accessory to 1.5T and 3.0T        Vista OS is an accessory to 1.5T and 3.0T
                         whole-body magnetic resonance diagnostic      whole-body magnetic resonance diagnostic
                          devices (MRDD or MR). It is intended to         devices (MRDD). It is intended to operate
                          operate alongside, and in parallel with, the        alongside, and in parallel with, the existing MR
                              existing MR console to acquire traditional,        console to acquire traditional, real-time and
                             real-time and accelerated images.               accelerated images.
                      The HeartVista Cardiac Package is a collection   Vista OS software controls the MR scanner to
                              of RTHawk Apps designed to acquire,            acquire, reconstruct and display static and
                            reconstruct and display cardiovascular MR      dynamic transverse, coronal, sagittal, and
                     (CMR) images. RTHawk produces static and     oblique cross-sectional images that display the
                        dynamic transverse, coronal, sagittal, and         internal structures and/or functions of the entire
                           oblique cross-sectional images that display the   body. The images produced reflect the spatial
                               internal structures and/or functions of the entire   distribution of nuclei exhibiting magnetic
                           body. The images produced reflect the spatial    resonance. The magnetic resonance properties
                               distribution of nuclei exhibiting magnetic           that determine image appearance are proton
                         resonance. The magnetic resonance properties   density, spin-lattice relaxation time (T1),
                              that determine image appearance are proton      spin-spin relaxation time (T2) and flow. When
                              density, spin-lattice relaxation time (T1),           interpreted by a trained physician, these

                                                                                         9

Vista AI, Inc.
                                           431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                             Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                                  +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


                            spin-spin relaxation time (T2) and flow. When    images provide information that may assist in
                             interpreted by a trained physician, these          the determination of a diagnosis.
                       images provide information that may assist in     Vista OS is intended for use as an accessory to
                           the determination of a diagnosis.                 the following MRI systems:
                    RTHawk is intended for use as an accessory to   Manufacturers:: GE Healthcare (GEHC),
                           the following MRI systems:                   Siemens Healthineers
                          Manufacturers: GE Healthcare (GEHC),           Field Strength:: 1.5T and 3.0T
                       Siemens Healthineers                 GE Software Versions:: 12, 15, 16, 23, 24, 25,
                             Field Strengths: 1.5T and 3.0T                   26, 30
                 GE Software Versions: 12, 15, 16, 23, 24, 25,    Siemens Software Versions:: N4/VE; NX/VA
                       26
                       Siemens Software Versions: N4/VE; NX/VA

Scanner         GE Healthcare, Siemens Healthineers  GE Healthcare, Siemens Healthineers
Compatibility

Magnetic Field         1.5T, 3.0T                                1.5T, 3.0T
Strengths

Shift/Advance Table  No                          No

Imaging Planes       Transverse, Coronal, Sagittal, Oblique,  Transverse, Coronal, Sagittal, Oblique,
                    Double Oblique                     Double Oblique

Pulse Sequences

                 B0 Mapping                     B0 Mapping

                                                             Brain Localizer

                     Cardiac Localizer                     Cardiac Localizer

                     Cardiac T1 Map                       Cardiac T1 Map

                     Cardiac T2 Map                       Cardiac T2 Map

                     Cardiac T2* Map Spiral                Cardiac T2* Map Spiral

                     Cardiac T2* Map Cartesian            Cardiac T2* Map Cartesian

                      Cartesian Shimming                   Cartesian Shimming

                    Cine Cartesian SSFP                 Cine Cartesian SSFP

                    Cine DE Cal                         Cine DE Cal

                                                       Cine Flow Calibration

                    Cine Spiral SSFP                    Cine Spiral SSFP

                FB DE GRE Cal                 FB DE GRE Cal

                FB DE GRE                    FB DE GRE

                                                                                                              10

Vista AI, Inc.
                                           431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                             Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                                  +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


                FB DE SSFP                   FB DE SSFP

                FB MS Tagging GRE              FB MS Tagging GRE

                FB Multi-Slice GRE               FB Multi-Slice GRE

                FB Multi-Slice SSFP              FB Multi-Slice SSFP

                                                      Frequency Scout

                   Gated 3D MRA GRE                Gated 3D MRA GRE

                   Gated High-Res GRE                Gated High-Res GRE

                   Gated Double-IR FSE                Gated Double-IR FSE

               HART GRE                   HART GRE

               HART SSFP                   HART SSFP

                         Multi-Slice Cine Flow                     Multi-Slice Cine Flow

                         Multi-Slice DE GRE                       Multi-Slice DE GRE

                         Multi-Slice DE SSFP                      Multi-Slice DE SSFP

                 Nav 3D DE GRE                  Nav 3D DE GRE

                    Noise Measurement                  Noise Measurement

                                                             Prostate Localizer

                    Real-Time Loc GRE                  Real-Time Loc GRE

                    Real-Time Loc SSFP                 Real-Time Loc SSFP

                    Real-Time Color PC                  Real-Time Color PC

                     Single-BH 3D DE GRE                Single-BH 3D DE GRE

                     Stack of Spiral Cine Flow              Stack of Spiral Cine Flow

                    Time-Course GRE                   Time-Course GRE

                     Wait                                 Wait

Remote Imaging and  Yes                              Yes
Support

Automated Scan     Yes                              Yes
Planning

                                                                                                                                                           11

Vista AI, Inc.
                                      431 Florence Street, Suite 100
                                        Palo Alto, CA 94301
                                             +1 650-800-7937 | info@vista.ai | vista.ai


Conclusion

Based upon verification testing and compliance with voluntary standards, the Company
believes that Vista OS and RTHawk are substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and
do not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness.


                                                                                                                12