October 24, 2025
Siemens Healthineers AG
Vijay Ramadas
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Siemensstraße 3
Forchheim, Bayern 91301
Germany

Re: K251059
    Trade/Device Name: Syngo Carbon Clinicals (VA41)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 18, 2025
    Received: September 18, 2025

Dear Vijay Ramadas:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K251059 - Vijay Ramadas                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K251059 - Vijay Ramadas                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K251059

Device Name
Syngo Carbon Clinicals (VA41)


Indications for Use (Describe)
Syngo Carbon Clinicals is intended to provide advanced visualization tools to prepare and process the medical image for
evaluation, manipulation and communication of clinical data that was acquired by the medical imaging modalities (for
example, CT, MR, etc.)

OrthoMatic Spine provides the means to perform musculoskeletal measurements of the whole spine, in particular spine
curve angle measurements.

The TimeLens provides the means to compare a region of interest between multiple time points.

The software package is designed to support technicians and physicians in qualitative and quantitative measurements and
in the analysis of clinical data that was acquired by medical imaging modalities.

An interface shall enable the connection between the Syngo Carbon Clinicals software package and the interconnected
software solution for viewing, manipulation, communication, and storage of medical images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K251059


                                                         18-September-2025
                         510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) substantial equivalence information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR §807.92.

1.  Submitter:
   Siemens Healthineers AG
   Siemensstrasse 1
   91301 Forchheim
   Germany

2.  Contact Person:
   Mr. Vijay Ramadas
   Regulatory Affairs Manager
   Siemens Healthineers AG
    Siemensstr. 3
   91301 Forchheim
   Germany

   E-mail:                      vijay.ramadas@siemens-healthineers.com
   Telephone:                +49 (172) 4324369
   Fax:                     +49 (9191) 18-4404

3.  Device Name and Classification
   Device/Trade Name:          Syngo Carbon Clinicals
    Classification Panel:           Radiology Devices
    Classification Number:        21 CFR 892.2050
    Classification Name:           Medical Image Management and Processing System
   Device Class:                  Class II
   Product Code:             QIH

4.  Predicate Device(s):

   Main Predicate Device
   Device/Trade Name:          Syngo Carbon Clinicals
   510(k) Clearance:            K232856
    Classification Panel:           Radiology Devices
    Classification Number:        21 CFR 892.2050
    Classification Name:           Medical Image Management and Processing System
   Device Class:                  Class II
   Product Code:             QIH


510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals                                      Page -1

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

5.  Device Description:

Syngo Carbon Clinicals is a software only Medical Device, which provides dedicated
advanced imaging tools for diagnostic reading. These tools can be called up using
standard interfaces any native/syngo based viewing applications (hosting applications)
that is part of the SYNGO medical device portfolio. These tools help prepare and
process the medical image for evaluation, manipulation and communication of clinical
data that was acquired by medical imaging modalities (e.g., MR, CT etc.)

Deployment Scenario: Syngo Carbon Clinicals is a plug-in that can be added to any
SYNGO based hosting applications (for example: Syngo Carbon Space, syngo.via
etc…). The hosting application (native/syngo Platform-based software) is not described
within this 510k submission. The hosting device decides which tools are used from
Syngo Carbon Clinicals. The hosting device does not need to host all tools from the
Syngo Carbon Clinicals, a desired subset of the provided tools can be used. The same
can be enabled or disabled thru licenses.

When preparing the radiologist's reading workflow on a dedicated workplace or
workstation, Syngo Carbon Clinicals can be called to generate additional results or
renderings according to the user needs using the tools available.

6.  Intended/Indications for use:

Syngo Carbon Clinicals is intended to provide advanced visualization tools to prepare
and process the medical image for evaluation, manipulation and communication of
clinical data that was acquired by the medical imaging modalities (for example, CT,
MR, etc.)

OrthoMatic Spine provides the means to perform musculoskeletal measurements of the
whole spine, in particular spine curve angle measurements.

The TimeLens provides the means to compare a region of interest between multiple
time points.

The software package is designed to support technicians and physicians in qualitative
and quantitative measurements and in the analysis of clinical data that was acquired by
medical imaging modalities.

An interface shall enable the connection between the Syngo Carbon Clinicals software
package  and  the  interconnected  software  solution  for  viewing,  manipulation,
communication, and storage of medical images.


Page -2                                            510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025


7.  Technological Characteristics:
The Syngo Carbon Clinicals plug-in provides the below listed tools.
   •  Cinematic insight – An advanced visualization tool for cinematic rendering of
       anatomical structures using presets
   •  Manual Calibration – The Calibration tool is used manually calibrate noncalibrated images to enable measurement on such images
   •  Basic Onco Tools
        o  Assisted Perpendicular – Tool to draw perpendicular distance lines to
             perform diameter measurements and thus to evaluate lesions
        o  Lesion Quantification – Tool to perform diameter measurements
               (longest diameter, perpendicular diameter) and to create segmentation
               objects of suspect lesions in lung parenchyma with one click (semi
               automatically)
        o  Lung Nodule Marker – Tool used to evaluate lung parenchyma for
              suspect lesions. This tool can also be used to evaluate lesions across
                different time points
   •  OrthoMatic Spine – An interactive tool that provides automated calculation of
       spine measurements in CR and DX images of the entire spine in Frontal and
       Lateral acquisition
   •  Time Lens – A tool that compares a region of interest between multiple
       timepoints


510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals                                      Page -3

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

8. Summary of Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device:
The differences between the subject device described in this premarket notification and the predicate device are summarized in the following
comparison table:

       Specification    Subject Device                           Predicate Device                      Comparison
        Device name and   Syngo Carbon Clinicals (VA41)                   Syngo Carbon Clinicals (VA30)               New version of the
         version           K251059                                   K232856                                               predicate device with
                                                                                                                        added features
         Indications for use                        Syngo Carbon  Clinicals  is  intended  to  provide  Syngo  Carbon  Clinicals  is  intended  to  provide   Indications adapted to
                          advanced visualization tools to prepare and process  advanced visualization tools to prepare and process the   include the new features
                              the medical image for evaluation, manipulation and  medical  image  for  evaluation,  manipulation  and
                          communication of clinical data that was acquired by  communication of clinical data that was acquired by
                              the medical imaging modalities (for example, CT,   the medical imaging modalities (for example, CT,
                    MR, etc.)                               MR, etc.)
                          OrthoMatic Spine provides the means to perform
                             musculoskeletal measurements of the whole spine, in
                                particular spine curve angle measurements.
                        The TimeLens provides the means to compare a
                             region of interest between multiple time points.
                        The  software  package   is  designed  to  support  The  software  package   is  designed  to  support
                              technicians  and  physicians  in  qualitative  and   technicians  and  physicians   in   qualitative  and
                               quantitative measurements and in the analysis of   quantitative measurements and  in  the  analysis of
                                  clinical data that was acquired by medical imaging   clinical data that was acquired by medical imaging
                               modalities.                                             modalities.
                    An interface shall enable the connection between the  An interface shall enable the connection between the
                        Syngo Carbon Clinicals software package and the  Syngo Carbon Clinicals software package and the
                             interconnected  software   solution   for  viewing,   interconnected   software   solution   for   viewing,
                             manipulation, communication, and storage of medical   manipulation, communication, and storage of medical
                            images.                                            images.
         Contraindications                                                                                    Same                        Syngo  Carbon  Clinicals   is  not  indicated  for  Syngo  Carbon  Clinicals   is  not  indicated  for
                      mammography images for diagnosis in the U.S.      mammography images for diagnosis in the U.S.
                        Syngo Carbon Clinicals is not to be used as a sole  Syngo Carbon Clinicals is not to be used as a sole basis
                               basis for clinical decisions                              for clinical decisions


Page -4                                                                                              510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

       Specification    Subject Device                           Predicate Device                      Comparison
                        Syngo Carbon Clinicals has architecture that is based  Syngo Carbon Clinicals has architecture that is based  Same        Software                         on a layered pattern where the various clinical        on a layered pattern where the various clinical         architecture                                tools/functionality are decomposed into                 tools/functionality are decomposed into
                        modules/common tools which provide their          modules/common tools which provide their
                              individual functionalities.                              individual functionalities.
                                                                                                       Same       Image            Syngo Carbon Clinicals relies on the interfacing      Syngo Carbon Clinicals relies on the interfacing
        communication      application for Image communication.                  application for Image communication.


       Image display         • Rendering Tools: Cinematic Insight                     • Rendering Tools: Cinematic Insight              Same
        algorithms


                                                                           • Oncological evaluation:        Measurement,      • Oncological evaluation:                                                               Time Lens tool enables
                                   Lesion Quantification                    o   Lesion Quantification                      comparison of a region of         Evaluation/Interpr     o                                                        Assisted Perpendicular Tool                                      Assisted Perpendicular Tool               o                                                       interest between multiple         etation                       o                                                             o  Lung Nodule Marker                          timepoints.        Tools                       o  Lung Nodule Marker
                       o  Time Lens                               • Orthopaedic measurements:
                           • Orthopaedic measurements:                    o  Manual calibration                      OrthoMatic Spine  tool                                                                                                                                     provides      automated
                       o  Manual calibration                                                                                     calculation   of   spine
                       o  OrthoMatic Spine                                                                       measurements in CR and
                                                                               DX images.
                                                                                                       Same        Supported objects  DICOM image object display                DICOM image object display
         for display                                   • CT Image                                                   • CT Image
                                   • DX Image                                                  • DX Image
                                   • CR Image                                                   • CR Image


510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals                                                                                 Page -5

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

       Specification    Subject Device                           Predicate Device                      Comparison
                                                                                                       Same        Operating         None                                     None
        system                        Syngo Carbon Clinicals relies on the interfacing      Syngo Carbon Clinicals relies on the interfacing
                               application for operating system.                       application for operating system.
                                                                                                       Same        Impact on Image    None                                     None
        Acquisition        Syngo Carbon Clinicals provides advanced                                                                    Syngo Carbon Clinicals provides advanced        Devices              visualization tools to prepare and process the                                                                                        visualization tools to prepare and process the medical                           medical images and it has no influence on the image                                                                          images and it has no influence on the image                               acquisition devices                                                                                       acquisition devices
                                                                                                       Same     CAD            None                                     None
         Functionalities                    No automated diagnostic interpretation capabilities   No automated diagnostic interpretation capabilities
                                 like CAD are included. All image data are to be         like CAD are included. All image data are to be
                               interpreted by trained personnel.                        interpreted by trained personnel.
                                                                                                       Same         Clinical condition  No limitation on the clinical condition            No limitation on the clinical condition
         the device is         of the patient                                                                                   of the patient        intended to
         diagnose, treat, or
       manage
                                                                                                       Same        Intended patient    No limitation concerning the patient             No limitation concerning the patient
        population                             population (e.g., age, weight, health,                  population (e.g., age, weight, health,
                              condition)                                                                                     condition)
                                                                                                       Same         Site of the body    No limitation concerning region of              No limitation concerning region of
                         body or tissue type         the device is                                                    body or tissue type
        intended to be
        used
                        Syngo Carbon Clinicals offers a wide range of tools                                            Same        Intended use                                                   Syngo Carbon Clinicals offers a wide range of tools                         from the major clinical fields, i.e. general radiology,        environment                                                      from the major clinical fields, i.e. general radiology,                          oncology environments.                                                                           oncology environments.
                            Trained healthcare professionals                     Trained healthcare professionals                 Same        Intended
         user(s)
        Device Type        Software application                               Software application                          Same


Page -6                                                                                              510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

       Specification    Subject Device                           Predicate Device                      Comparison
       Cyber Security                                                                                      Same                        The  cybersecurity  aspects  for  Syngo  Carbon  The cybersecurity aspects for Syngo Carbon Clinicals
                                Clinicals  is  handled  by  the  interfacing/hosting    is handled by the interfacing/hosting system.
                             system.
                         Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals, it relies on                                            Same        Graphical user                                                  Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals, it relies on                              the hosting applications         interface                                                                    the hosting applications
                         Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals                                                     Same       Image                                                         Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals
        Archiving
                                                                                                       Same        Annotation        Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals             Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals
        Tool
         Printing                                                                                           Same                         Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals             Not offered by Syngo Carbon Clinicals
                                                                                                       Same        Online help         Yes, with search, indexing, filtering, library function   Yes, with search, indexing, filtering, library function
        system            and document collections                         and document collections


510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals                                                                                 Page -7

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

9.  Clinical Testing
No clinical studies were carried out for the product, all performance testing was
conducted in a non-clinical fashion as part of verification and validation activities of the
medical device

10. Performance Evaluation Summary
Orthomatic Spine:
A. Summary Test Statistics and Acceptance Criteria
A reader study was performed utilizing 150 spine X-ray images (comprising 75 frontal
and 75 lateral views) and included five US board-certified radiologists. The OrthoMatic
Spine core algorithm's outputs for six primary spinal measurements—Cobb angles,
coronal balance, kyphosis angle, lordosis angle, and sagittal vertical alignment—were
assessed  against  the mean  values  obtained from  the  radiologists'  assessments.
Algorithm performance was evaluated using cumulative distribution functions (CDFs),
which demonstrated that the algorithm's measurement deviations fell within the range
of inter-reader variability for the major Cobb angle, thoracic kyphosis angle, lumbar
lordosis angle, coronal balance, and sagittal vertical alignment. These findings indicate
that the algorithm closely replicates average  rater performance and  satisfies the
predetermined clinical reliability acceptance criteria.

B. Number of Individual Patients
The main dataset used for training includes 6,135 unique patients, with most undergoing
one or two full-spine imaging exams.

C. Number of Samples and Relationship to Patients
A total of 23,464 images were collected, including multiple image types per patient
(e.g., frontal, lateral, partial spine views).

D. Demographic Distribution
i. Gender: 56% Female, 36% Male, 8% Unknown.
ii. Age: Patients span from 5 to 85 years, with at least 200 images per 5-year interval.
iii. Geographic Location: Data collected from USA, Germany, Ukraine, Austria and
Canada.

Note: It is notable that young female patients are overrepresented in the study dataset

E. Clinical Subgroups and Confounders
The dataset includes patients with various spinal conditions, notably adolescent
idiopathic  scoliosis. Confounders  include  variability  in imaging  protocols and
equipment, differences in image quality, and images with and without pathologies.

F. Equipment and Protocols Used
Images were acquired using systems from a wide range of manufacturers, including
Siemens Healthineers (38%), EOS imaging (17%), Agfa (16%), KODAK (11%),
KONICA MINOLTA (8%), Canon Inc. (2%), GE Healthcare (2%), and others. This
diversity supports the algorithm’s generalizability across imaging platforms.

G. Reference Standard Derivation (Truthing Process)
Most of the images were annotated using a dedicated annotation tool (Darwin, V7 Labs)
by US-based medical data labeling company (Cogito Tech LLC). Initial annotations
were  performed  by  trained  non-radiologists  and  reviewed  by  board-certified

Page -8                                     510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

radiologists. Annotations included vertebral landmarks and key vertebrae (C7, L1, S1).
The process was guided by written guidelines and automated workflows to ensure
quality and consistency.

H. Independence of Test Data from Training Data
The dataset was split into 60% for training, 20% for validation, and 20% for model
selection. Splitting was done at the patient level, ensuring no overlap between subsets.
Stratification ensured balanced representation across data sources and patient positions.

TimeLens:
There is no reader study/bench test that was required for the TimeLens tool as the AI
algorithm is very simple workflow enhancement algorithm and the above criteria does
not affect the algorithm.

11. Non-clinical Performance Testing:
Non-clinical tests were conducted for the subject device during product development.
The modifications described in  this Premarket Notification were supported with
verification and validation testing.

Siemens Healthcare GmbH claims conformance to the following standards:

-  ISO 14971 Third Edition 2019-12
-  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION
-  IEC 82304-1 Edition 1.0 2016-10
-  IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.1 2020-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION

12. Software Verification and Validation:
Software documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s
Guidance Document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
Contained in Medical Devices”  is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for
medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests were conducted on the device
Syngo Carbon Clinicals during product development.

The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified
hazards. The testing results support that all the software specifications have met the
acceptance criteria. Testing for verification and validation for the device was found
acceptable to support the claims of substantial equivalence.

Siemens  Healthcare GmbH  conforms  to  the  Cybersecurity  requirements  by
implementing a process of preventing unauthorized access, modifications, misuse or
denial of use, or the unauthorized use of information that is stored, accessed, or
transferred from a medical device to an external recipient. Contained in this submission
are our cybersecurity considerations as they relate to the device Syngo Carbon Clinicals.


510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals                                      Page -9

©Siemens Healthineers AG, 2025

13. Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence:
The predicate device was cleared based on non-clinical supportive information. The
comparison of technological characteristics, device hazards, non-clinical performance
data, and software validation data demonstrates that the subject device performs
comparably to and is as safe and effective as the predicate device that is currently
marketed for the same intended use.

In summary, we are of the opinion that the subject device Syngo Carbon Clinicals,
software version VA41, does not introduce any new significant potential safety risks
and is substantially equivalent to and performs as well as the predicate device Syngo
Carbon Clinicals VA30.


Page -10                                           510(k) for Syngo Carbon Clinicals