December 19, 2025

HeartLung Corporation
Mark Scott
Official Applicant
2450 Holcombe Blvd
Houston, Texas 77021


Re: K252029
    Trade/Device Name: AI-CVD®
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, KGI
    Dated: November 24, 2025
    Received: November 24, 2025

Dear Mark Scott:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252029 - Mark Scott                                                                 Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252029 - Mark Scott                                                                 Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K252029

Device Name
AI-CVD®


Indications for Use (Describe)
AI-CVD® is an opportunistic AI-powered quantitative imaging tool that provides automated CT-derived anatomical and
density-based measurements for clinician review. The device does not provide diagnostic interpretation or risk prediction.
It is solely intended to aid physicians and other healthcare providers in determining whether additional diagnostic tests are
appropriate for implementing preventive healthcare plans. AI-CVD® has a modular structure where each module is
intended to report quantitative imaging measurements for each specific component of the CT scan. AI-CVD® quantitative
imaging measurement modules include coronary artery calcium (CAC) score, aortic wall calcium score, aortic valve
calcium score, mitral valve calcium score, cardiac chambers volumetry, epicardial fat volumetry, aorta and pulmonary
artery sizing, lung density, liver density, bone mineral density, and muscle & fat composition.
Using AI-CVD® quantitative imaging measurements and their clinical evaluation, healthcare providers can investigate
patients who are unaware of their risk of coronary heart disease, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, stroke, osteoporosis, liver
steatosis, diabetes, and other adverse health conditions that may warrant additional risk assessment, monitoring or followup. AI-CVD® quantitative imaging measurements are to be reviewed by radiologists or other medical professionals and
should only be used by healthcare providers in conjunction with clinical evaluation.

AI-CVD® is not intended to rule out the risk of cardiovascular diseases. AI-CVD® opportunistic screening software can
be applied to non-contrast thoracic CT scans such as those obtained for CAC scans, lung cancer screening scans, and other
chest diagnostic CT scans. Similarly, AI-CVD® opportunistic screening software can be applied to contrast-enhanced CT
scans such as coronary CT angiography (CCTA) and CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) scans. AI-CVD® opportunistic
bone density module and liver density module can be applied to CT scans of the abdomen and pelvis. All volumetric
quantitative imaging measurements from the AI-CVD® opportunistic screening software are adjusted by body surface
area (BSA) and reported both in cubic centimeter volume (cc) and percentiles by gender reference data from people who
participated in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) and Framingham Heart Study (FHS). Except for
coronary artery calcium scoring, other AI-CVD® modules should not be ordered as a standalone CT scan but instead
should be used as an opportunistic add-on to existing and new CT scans.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

HeartLung Corporation
                                                             2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                    Houston, TX 77021
                                 K252029
                                510(K) Summary
This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with
the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92:

    1.  Submitter
      HeartLung Corporation
      2450 Holcombe Blvd, Houston, TX 77021
       Tel: (650) 448-8089
       Contact: Dr. Morteza Naghavi
      Date Prepared: Monday, June 9, 2025

    2.  Device
       Subject Device: AI-CVD®
      Trade Name: AI-CVD®
     Common Name: AI-CVD®
        Classification: Class II, 21 CFR 892.2050

       Product Code: QIH, KGI

    3.  Predicate Device
       Manufacturer: HeartLung Corporation
      Trade Name: AutoChamber®
       Reference 510(k): K240786

    4.  Reference Device
       Manufacturer: HeartLung Corporation
      Trade Name: ABMD Software
       Predicate 510(k): K213760

    5.  Device Description

General Description
AI-CVD® is an opportunistic AI-powered modular tool that provides automated quantitative imaging
reports on CT scans and outputs the following measurements:
   •  Coronary Artery Calcium Score
   •  Aortic Wall and Valves Calcium Scores
   •  Mitral Valve Calcium Score
   •  Cardiac Chambers Volume
   •   Epicardial Fat Volume
   •  Aorta and Main Pulmonary Artery Volume and Diameters
   •  Liver Attenuation Index

 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 1 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                             2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                    Houston, TX 77021

   •  Lung Attenuation Index
   •  Muscle and Visceral Fat
   •  Bone Mineral Density


The above quantitative imaging measurements enable care providers to take necessary actions to
prevent adverse health outcomes.


Intended Patient Population

Patients who underwent a CT scan of chest or abdomen.


Principles of Ops

AI-CVD® modules are installed by trained personnel only. AI-CVD® is executed via parent software
which provides the necessary inputs and receives the outputs. The software itself does not offer user
controls or access.

AI-CVD® reads a CT scan (in DICOM format) and extracts scan specific information like
acquisition time, pixel size, scanner type, etc. AI-CVD® uses trained AI models that
automatically segment and report quantitative imaging measurements specific to each AI-CVD®
module. The output of each AI-CVD® module is inputted into the parent software which exports
the results for review and confirmation by a human expert.

AI-CVD® is a post-processing tool that works on existing and new CT scans.

AI-CVD® passes if the human expert approves the segmentation highlighted by the AI-CVD®
module is correctly placed on the target anatomical region. For example, Software passes if the
human expert sees the AI-CVD® cardiac chamber volumetry module highlighted the heart
anatomy.

AI-CVD® fails if the human expert sees the segmentation highlighted by the AI-CVD® module
is not correctly placed on the target anatomical region. For example, Software fails if the human
expert sees the AI-CVD® cardiac chamber volumetry module highlighted the lungs anatomy or a
portion of the sternum or any adjacent organs. Furthermore, Software fails if the human expert
sees that the quality of the CT scan is compromised by image artifacts, severe motion, or
excessive noise.

The user cannot change or edit the segmentation or results of the device. The user must accept or
reject the segmentation where the AI-CVD® quantitative imaging measurements are performed.


Conditions of Use:

 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 2 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                             2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                    Houston, TX 77021

AI-CVD® is an AI-powered post-processing tool that works on non-contrast and contrastenhanced CT scans of chest and abdomen.

Software and Model Detailed Description

AI-CVD® is a multi-module deep learning-based software platform developed to automatically
segment and quantify a broad range of cardiovascular, pulmonary, musculoskeletal, and
metabolic biomarkers from standard chest or whole-body CT scans. AI-CVD® system builds
upon the open-source TotalSegmentator as its foundational segmentation framework,
incorporating additional supervised learning and model training layers specific to each module’s
clinical task.

The original TotalSegmentator architecture utilizes a self-configuring neural network known as
nnU-Net³, which was trained on 1,139 total body CT cases for general anatomical segmentation
and 447 coronary CT angiography (CCTA) scans for high-resolution cardiac structure
segmentation. Input data included both contrast-enhanced and non-contrast ECG-gated CT scans
with 1.0 mm slice thickness, enabling robust cross-modality performance. Where available,
matched contrast and non-contrast scans from the same subjects were registered and aligned to
optimize anatomical consistency during training. Each module within AI-CVD® was further
refined based on human expert knowledge for each particular measurement. Custom datasets
were constructed for coronary artery calcium scoring, aortic and valvular calcifications, cardiac
chamber volumetry, epicardial and visceral fat quantification, bone mineral density assessment,
liver fat estimation, muscle mass and quality, and lung attenuation analysis. For each module,
iterative model enhancement was applied: human reviewers evaluated model-generated
segmentations and corrected any inaccuracies, and these corrections were looped back into the
training process to improve performance and generalizability.


    6.  Indications for Use

AI-CVD® is an opportunistic AI-powered quantitative imaging tool that provides automated
CT-derived anatomical and density-based measurements for clinician review. The device does
not provide diagnostic interpretation or risk prediction. It is solely intended to aid physicians and
other healthcare providers in determining whether additional diagnostic tests are appropriate for
implementing preventive healthcare plans. AI-CVD® has a modular structure where each
module is intended to report quantitative imaging measurements for each specific component of
the CT scan. AI-CVD® quantitative imaging measurement modules include coronary artery
calcium (CAC) score, aortic wall calcium score, aortic valve calcium score, mitral valve calcium
score, cardiac chambers volumetry, epicardial fat volumetry, aorta and pulmonary artery sizing,
lung density, liver density, bone mineral density, and muscle & fat composition.

Using AI-CVD® quantitative imaging measurements and their clinical evaluation, healthcare
providers can investigate patients who are unaware of their risk of coronary heart disease, heart
failure, atrial fibrillation, stroke, osteoporosis, liver steatosis, diabetes, and other adverse health

 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 3 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                             2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                    Houston, TX 77021

conditions that may warrant additional risk assessment, monitoring or follow-up. AI-CVD®
quantitative imaging measurements are to be reviewed by radiologists or other medical
professionals and should only be used by healthcare providers in conjunction with clinical
evaluation.

AI-CVD® is not intended to rule out the risk of cardiovascular diseases. AI-CVD® opportunistic
screening software can be applied to non-contrast thoracic CT scans such as those obtained for
CAC scans, lung cancer screening scans, and other chest diagnostic CT scans. Similarly, AICVD® opportunistic screening software can be applied to contrast-enhanced CT scans such as
coronary CT angiography (CCTA) and CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) scans. AI-CVD®
opportunistic bone density module and liver density module can be applied to CT scans of the
abdomen and pelvis. All volumetric quantitative imaging measurements from the AI-CVD®
opportunistic screening software are adjusted by body surface area (BSA) and reported both in
cubic centimeter volume (cc) and percentiles by gender reference data from people who
participated in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) and Framingham Heart Study
(FHS). Except for coronary artery calcium scoring, other AI-CVD® modules should not be
ordered as a standalone CT scan but instead should be used as an opportunistic add-on to existing
and new CT scans.


 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 4 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                           2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                     Houston, TX 77021

Comparison of Technological Characteristics & Intended Use to Predicate Device
The table below provides a summary of the technological characteristics of AI-CVD® in comparison to the predicate device. The indications for
use for the predicate device are similar to the indications for the use of AI-CVD®. There are no major technological differences between the two
systems that raise new issues of safety and/or effectiveness. Thus, AI-CVD® is substantially equivalent to the predicate and reference devices.

 Feature        Subject Device            Predicate 1          Predicate 2     Reference 1    Reference 2      Reference 3

            AI-CVD®             AutoChamber     Auto-BMD    AI-Rad        Imbio          Imbio

                                   K240786          K213760      K183268      K230112       K141069

 Indication for    Estimate the volume of     Estimate the volume  Estimate bone   Estimate the     Estimate         Estimate
                  cardiac chambers,          of cardiac chambers  mineral density  volume of the   coronary artery   pulmonary tissue
 Use
                   epicardial fat, aortic         in non-contrast and   within the spine  heart           calcium score     density within
 /Intended Use    valves, ascending aorta,     contrast-enhanced                                                          the lungs
                and pulmonary artery in   CT scan images
                  non-contrast and contrast-                                       Estimate the
                enhanced CT scan images                                                total volume of
                                                                              calcium in
                                                                               coronary
                 Estimate the percentage                                                 arteries
                  of liver voxels below
            40HU in non-contrast CT
                 scan images                                                    Estimate the
                                                             maximum
                                                                                 diameter of the
                 Estimate the percentage                                             aorta at typical
                  of lung voxels below -950                                     landmarks
                and above -250 in noncontrast CT scan images


 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 5 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                          2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                    Houston, TX 77021


                Estimate the volume of
                   skeletal muscle,
                subcutaneous fat, and
                  visceral fat in noncontrast CT scan images


                Estimate coronary artery
                calcium score, aortic wall
               and valve calcium scores,
               and mitral valve calcium
                 score in non-contrast
              ECG-gate and non-gated
                 chest CT scan images


Modality     CT scan images        CT scan images    CT scan images CT scan images CT scan images  CT scan images
            (DICOM)             (DICOM)         (DICOM)     (DICOM)     (DICOM)      (DICOM)


Body Part       Chest / Abdomen          Chest                Chest /         Chest           Chest            Chest
                                                 Abdomen


AI-CVD®              is a registered                       trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 6 of 11HEARTLUNG          CORPORATION.
© HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                          2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                    Houston, TX 77021

Automatic      Yes, Deep Learning        Yes, Deep Learning  Yes, Deep      Yes, Deep      Yes, Deep        Yes, Deep
definition of                                                   Learning        Learning        Learning         Learning
ROIs


Device        Yes                   Yes               Yes          Yes           Yes            Yes
measures
volume within
the Region of
Interest (ROI).


Device        Yes                   Yes               Yes           Yes           Yes            Yes
measures
densities
within the
Region of
Interest (ROI).


 User           Healthcare Provider        Healthcare Provider   Healthcare      Healthcare      Healthcare        Healthcare
                                                                 Provider        Provider        Provider          Provider


Operating       Linux                   Linux              Linux        Windows      Windows       Windows
System


AI-CVD®              is a registered                       trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 7 of 11HEARTLUNG          CORPORATION.
© HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                           2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                     Houston, TX 77021


 Retrospective   Yes                   Yes               Yes           Yes           Yes            Yes
 measurements
 from CT scans.


    7. Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

Sterilization & Shelf-Life Testing
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Biocompatibility Testing
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software Verification and Validation testing was completed to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device. Testing demonstrates AICVD® meets all its functional requirements and performance specifications.

Mechanical and Acoustic Testing
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.


 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 8 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                           2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                     Houston, TX 77021


Animal Study
Animal performance testing was not required to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of the device.

Clinical Studies
Prospective clinical studies were not required to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device. Instead, clinical validation studies were
performed based upon retrospective analyses of AI-CVD® measurements performed on large population cohorts such as the Multi-Ethnic Study
of Atherosclerosis (MESA) and Framingham Heart Study (FHS). All AI-CVD® quantitative imaging measurements were compared with
measurements made manually by human experts or by gold standard reference tests to demonstrate the comparative safety and effectiveness of the
device.

Coronary Artery Calcium Score
The AI-CVD® Coronary Artery Calcium (CAC) module provides fully automated Agatston CAC scoring, as well as an AI-derived
calcium score based on relative density using an internal calibration reference. This approach enables detection of small and lowdensity calcified plaques that may not be captured by conventional fixed-threshold methods. Performance was evaluated outside of the
MESA and FHS cohorts against manually measured Agatston scores using 913 consecutive, real-world coronary calcium screening
CT scans acquired across three community imaging centers. The results demonstrated comparative safety and effectiveness between
expert manual measurements and both the automated Agatston CAC scores and the AI-derived relative density-based calcium scores.

Aortic Wall and Aortic Valve Calcium Scores
The AI-CVD® Aortic Wall and Aortic Valve Calcification module provides automated quantification of calcified plaque within the
thoracic aorta and calcification of the aortic valve from chest CT scans. Technical performance was evaluated through comparison
with manual reference standards, with Bland–Altman agreement analyses demonstrating acceptable bias and reproducibility across
imaging protocols.

Mitral Valve Calcium Score
The AI-CVD® Mitral Valve Calcification module provides automated quantification of calcification of the mitral valve from chest CT
scans. Technical performance was evaluated through comparison with manual measurements, with agreement analyses demonstrating
reproducible mitral valve calcium quantification across imaging protocols.


 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF                Pg. 9 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                           2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                     Houston, TX 77021


Cardiac Chambers Volume
The AI-CVD® Cardiac Chamber Volumetry module is based on previously FDA-cleared technology and utilizes established quantitative imaging
measurement principles. The cardiac chamber volumetry module is AutoChamber™ (K240786), which has been reviewed and cleared by the
FDA, and its inclusion within AI-CVD® does not raise new questions of effectiveness.


Epicardial Fat Volume
The AI-CVD® Epicardial Fat module provides automated volumetric quantification of epicardial adipose tissue from chest CT scans.
Technical performance was further evaluated through agreement studies comparing AI-derived epicardial fat volumes with manual
measurements and across non-contrast and contrast-enhanced CT acquisitions, demonstrating acceptable agreement and
reproducibility.

Aorta and Main Pulmonary Artery Volume and Diameters
The AI-CVD® Aortic and Pulmonary Artery Size module provides automated measurements of thoracic aortic diameters and main
pulmonary artery diameter from chest and abdominal CT scans. Agreement studies comparing AI-derived measurements of aortic and
pulmonary artery measurements with manual reference measurements demonstrated low bias and comparable performance across
gated and non-gated CT acquisitions. These findings support the reliability of AI-CVD® Aorta and Main Pulmonary Artery Volume
and Diameter measurements.

Liver Attenuation Index
The AI-CVD® Liver Density module provides automated quantification of hepatic attenuation from chest CT scans. Agreement
analysis comparing AI-derived liver attenuation measurements across imaging protocols demonstrated acceptable reproducibility.

Lung Attenuation Index
The AI-CVD® Lung Density module provides quantitative analysis of lung parenchymal attenuation from chest CT scans and within
the field of view of cardiac CT scans. Agreement studies demonstrated reproducible lung density measurements across gated and nongated CT acquisitions.


 AI-CVD®                is a registered                         trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF               Pg. 10 of 11 HEARTLUNG            CORPORATION.
 © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

HeartLung Corporation
                                                                                              2450 Holcombe Blvd
                                                                                                         Houston, TX 77021

   Muscle and Visceral Fat
   The AI-CVD® Thoracic Muscle and Fat Composition module provides quantitative assessment of skeletal muscle attenuation and
   adipose tissue composition from chest CT scans. Agreement analyses between AI-derived fat and muscle measurements demonstrated
    acceptable reproducibility across imaging protocols.

   Bone Mineral Density
   The AI-CVD® Bone Mineral Density module is based on previously FDA-cleared technology and utilizes established quantitative
   imaging measurement principles. The bone mineral density module is AutoBMD (K213760), which has been reviewed and cleared by
    the FDA, and its inclusion within AI-CVD® does not raise new questions of effectiveness.


8.  Conclusions
   The testing results demonstrate that AI-CVD® is as safe and effective as the predicate and reference devices. No new safety or effectiveness issues
    are raised by AI-CVD®.


      AI-CVD®                        is a registered                              trademark of the HeartLung Corporation. THIS DOCUMENT IS THE PROPERTY OF               Pg. 11 of 11     HEARTLUNG                CORPORATION.
    © HEARTLUNG CORPORATION. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.