December 22, 2025

Philips Ultrasound LLC
Gina Quiram
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
BOTHELL, WA 98021-8431


Re: K252557
    Trade/Device Name: Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH
    Dated: November 24, 2025
    Received: November 24, 2025


Dear Gina Quiram:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252557 - Gina Quiram                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252557 - Gina Quiram                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                  K252557            ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                         ?

 Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                                    ?I
The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging in B (2D),
Color Doppler, Combined (B+Color), Pulsed Wave Doppler (PWD), and M-modes.

 It is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis in the following applications:
 Fetal/Obstetric,Abdominal, Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small Organ,
 Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.

The Lumify system is a transportable ultrasound system intended for use in environments where healthcare
 is provided by healthcare professionals.

  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as      IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                                ?  applicable).                    D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3

    510(k) Number: K252557

    This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR §
    807.92.

1.  Submitter’s name, address, telephone number, contact person(s)
     Manufacturer:              Philips Ultrasound LLC
                            22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                   Bothell, WA 98021-8431
     Contact Person:          Gina Quiram
                                   Principal Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                gina.quiram@philips.com
                              Phone: 1-310-745-2695
    Secondary Contact:          Priscilla Herpai
                                Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                                 Priscilla.Herpai@philips.com
                              Phone: 1-610-533-7984
    Date Prepared:             July 30, 2025


2. Name of the device, including the trade of proprietary name if applicable, the common or usual
   name, and the classification name, if known:
    Proprietary Name:        Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
  Common Name:            Diagnostic ultrasound system and transducers


  Regulation Description:                                                         Product                                      Classification Description        21 CFR Section                                                                        Code
                            Primary
                            System, imaging, pulsed doppler,                                                                    892.1550        IYN                                 ultrasonic
                            Secondary
                            System, imaging, pulsed echo,                                                                    892.1560        IYO                                 ultrasonic
                              Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic           892.1570        ITX
                          Automated Radiological Image                                                                    892.2050        QIH                              Processing Software

     Device Class:              Class II
     Classification Panel:       Radiology


                                      Pa ge 1

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3


3.  Lung Application 3 Device Description Summary (Per 21 CFR 807.92)

   The Lung Application 3 is a software-only functionality integrated into the Philips Lumify Diagnostic
    Ultrasound System, designed to support lung ultrasound examinations. It introduces two key features:
    pleural line assessment and lung image view quality assessment. The Pleural Line feature identifies and
    assesses the appearance of pleural lines as normal or irregular (defined as thickened, interrupted,
    fragmented, jagged, uneven, or otherwise non-smooth appearance on ultrasound). The lung view quality
    tool assesses the adequacy of ultrasound frames based on overall image appearance and the presence of
   any pleural lines. The application operates on a compatible Android-based commercial off-the-shelf
    device (e.g., tablet or smartphone) connected to Lumify transducers (C5-2, S4-1, and L12-4 models). It
     utilizes machine learning algorithms trained on a large dataset of expert-annotated lung ultrasound images
    to ensure accurate analysis. The workflow includes zone selection, image acquisition, navigation, review,
   and editing of results, with real-time feedback provided via visual indicators for image quality and pleural
    line analysis. The Lung Application 3 is intended for use by trained professionals in clinical settings to
     assist in evaluations of adult patients (18 years and older) with various pulmonary conditions. It does not
    introduce any new contraindications and is designed to comply with existing safety and operational
    standards.

   Key Features:
    •   Software-based functionality for lung ultrasound enhancement.
    •   Pleural line classification as normal or irregular appearance.
    •  Lung view quality assessment for diagnostic adequacy.
    •   Real-time feedback via visual indicators.
    •  Machine learning-based algorithms for accurate image analysis.
    •   Compatibility with existing Lumify transducers and Android devices.

   Intended Use:
   The Lung Application 3 is intended to assist healthcare professionals by providing automated image
    processing to analyze ultrasound images for lung-related conditions. Specifically, it evaluates the
   adequacy of ultrasound frames for clinical interpretation and assesses the appearance of pleural lines as
   normal or irregular.

    Essential Characteristics:
    1.  Pleural Line Assessment:
       •  The application includes a feature to identify and evaluate pleural lines in ultrasound frames,
            categorizing their appearance on ultrasound as normal or irregular. The appearance of the pleural
             line may provide non-diagnostic, contextual information about lung condition when interpreted
           alongside other ultrasound features.

    2.  Lung Image View Quality Assessment:
       •  The software assesses the quality of incoming ultrasound frames to determine their adequacy for
             clinical interpretation. It provides real-time feedback, with adequate frames indicated in green and
           inadequate frames in red, enabling users to adjust transducer positioning or acquisition settings as
           needed.

    3.  Software Integration:
       •  The Lung Application 3 is fully integrated into the existing Lumify software platform, utilizing
                                      Pa ge 2

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                               Philips Ultrasound
                   Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3
        the same hardware components (e.g., C5-2, S4-1, and L12-4 transducers) without introducing
      new risks or altering the system’s core functionality.

4.  Cineloop-Level Reporting:
    •  The application provides assessments at the cineloop level, averaging results across frames.

5.  Safety and Effectiveness:
    •  The Lung Application 3 has been validated through performance testing, meeting all predefined
       acceptance criteria. It demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate device and does not
         raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

In summary, the Lung Application 3 enhances the Lumify system by providing automated tools for
pleural line assessment and lung image quality evaluation, supporting clinicians in assessing pulmonary
conditions effectively and safely. The Lung Application 3 adheres to established safety protocols and
does not alter the hardware functionality of the Lumify system. It is intended to be operated in accordance
with user instructions provided in the product documentation.

3.1 Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System

The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System (Lumify) is a mobile, durable, and reusable,
software-controlled medical device, which is intended to acquire high-resolution ultrasound data and
to display the data in B mode (2D), Pulsed Wave Doppler, Color Doppler, Combined (B+ Color), and
M modes. The Lumify system is compatible with iOS and Android operating systems.
The Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System (iOS) utilizes:
    1. A commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) iOS mobile item (smart phone or tablet)
    2.  The Philips Ultrasound Lumify software running as a medical device application on the COTS
        device
    3.  The Philips C5-2 Curved array USB transducer
    4.  The Philips L12-4 Linear array USB transducer
    5.  The Philips S4-1 Sector array USB transducer
    6.  Lumify Micro B Transducer Cable
    7.  Lumify Micro C Transducer Cable
    8.  Lumify USB-C to USB-C Transducer Cable
    9.  Lumify Power Module


                                   Pa ge 3

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3


               Figure 1: Hardware components of Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System

   The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) pre-market notification is to add software function Lung
    Application 3 to Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System.


4.  Indications for Use and Intended Use

    There is no change to the clinical indication for Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System due to the addition
    of Lung Application 3 software functions.

    4.1 Indications for Use

   The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging in
    B(2D), Color Doppler, Combined (B+Color), Pulsed Wave Doppler, and M-modes.

     It is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis in the following applications:

    Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal, Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small
    Organ, Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.

   The Lumify system is a transportable ultrasound system intended for use in environments where
    healthcare is provided by healthcare professionals.

    4.2 Intended Use

   The intended use of the product is to collect ultrasound image data that may be used by clinicians for
    diagnostic and procedural purposes. The product shall provide the ability for gathering clinically
    acceptable images and ultrasound data for the clinical presets and anatomies listed under the
    indications for use.

    This product is intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with safety procedures
   and operating instructions given in the product user information, and only for the purposes for which
                                      Pa ge 4

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3
      it was designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces the user’s responsibility for
   sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

5.  Substantially Equivalent Devices

   Predicate Device (system):        K223771, Philips Ultrasound – Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                  System


                                      Pa ge 5

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3


6.  Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices

There is no change in the intended use, technological characteristics of the proposed subject device when
compared to the predicate.

Substantial equivalency tabulations and discussion of the primary standard features of the proposed
subject device and predicate device at the system level is provided in Table 1.

Table 1: Summary of changes between proposed and predicate devices.
   Standard             Lumify              Lumify Diagnostic             Comparison
    Feature              Diagnostic              Ultrasound System
                        Ultrasound                 K223771
                         System                  (Predicate Device)
                 K# (K252557)
                       (Subject Device)
     Scientific         Ultrasound Imaging           Ultrasound Imaging          Remains unchanged
   Technology
 Intended use     Philips Lumify Diagnostic      Philips Lumify Diagnostic         Remains unchanged
                 Ultrasound System is          Ultrasound System is intended
                  intended for diagnostic          for diagnostic ultrasound
                  ultrasound imaging in B(2D),  imaging in B(2D), Color
                 Color Doppler, Combined      Doppler, Combined
                 (B+Color), Pulsed Wave       (B+Color), Pulsed Wave
                 Doppler, and M-modes.        Doppler, and M-modes.
 Indications for Lumify Diagnostic           Lumify Diagnostic                Remains unchanged
      Use       Ultrasound System is          Ultrasound System is
                   indicated for diagnostic         indicated for diagnostic
                  ultrasound imaging and fluid    ultrasound imaging and fluid
                 flow analysis in the following   flow analysis in the following
                    applications:                     applications:
                    Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal,     Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal,
                    Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology,    Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology,
                 Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal    Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal
                Echo, Small Organ,           Echo, Small Organ,
                  Musculoskeletal, Peripheral     Musculoskeletal, Peripheral
                  Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung. Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.

               The Lumify system is a       The Lumify system is a
                   transportable ultrasound        transportable ultrasound
                system intended for use in      system intended for use in
                 environments where healthcare  environments where healthcare
                       is provided by healthcare         is provided by healthcare
                    professionals.                    professionals.
   Modes of    B(2D), Color Doppler,        B(2D), Color Doppler,             Remains unchanged
   Operations   Combined (B+Color), Pulsed  Combined (B+Color), Pulsed
             Wave Doppler, and M-modes  Wave Doppler, and M-modes


                                      Pa ge 6

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                  Philips Ultrasound
                      Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3
   Standard             Lumify              Lumify Diagnostic             Comparison
   Feature              Diagnostic              Ultrasound System
                       Ultrasound                 K223771
                        System                  (Predicate Device)
                K# (K252557)
                      (Subject Device)
  Principles of                                                                  Similar to predicate device.              The pleural line tool detects    The B-lines tool detects B-lines  Operation                                                      The difference between the               and assesses the appearance of  in incoming ultrasound frames                                                                                   subject device and the                  pleural lines in incoming      and classifies them as merged                                                                                   predicate device is the                 ultrasound frames. The lung    or not merged.                                                                                  addition of the lung view               view quality tool indicates                                                                                     quality and pleural line                whether incoming ultrasound                                                                                         features. The principles of                frames are adequate for                                                                                operation for the two added                 supporting interpretation of                                                                                         features, including live                lung features.                                                                                frame-level display and
                                                                                  cineloop-level reporting,                 Cineloop-level reporting is     Cineloop-level reporting is                                                                         remain unchanged compared                provided by averaging results   provided by averaging results                                                                                       to the predicate device. The               from each frame. Both features from each frame. The feature                                                                              core system software                allow manual adjustment of    allows manual adjustment of                                                                                      architecture remains                 software results.               software results.                                                                         unchanged.
     Users      Lumify Ultrasound System is   Lumify Ultrasound System is       Remains unchanged
                used by healthcare            used by healthcare
                   professionals.                    professionals.
     User      The Lumify system is a       The Lumify system is a            Remains unchanged
 Environment   transportable ultrasound        transportable ultrasound
                system intended for use in     system intended for use in
                environments where healthcare environments where
                      is provided by healthcare       healthcare is provided by
                   professionals.                  healthcare professionals.
 Transducers   S4-1                        S4-1                           Remains unchanged
               C5-2                      C5-2
               L12-4                      L12-4
Patient Contact Not applicable.              Not applicable.                  Remains unchanged
   Materials    Transducers previously        Transducers previously
                   cleared.                         cleared.
   Primary    IYN                   IYN                           Remains unchanged
 Product Code
  Secondary   IYO, ITX, QIH             IYO, ITX, QIH                  Remains unchanged
 Product Code


                                      Pa ge 7

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3

7.  Safety Considerations

   The proposed Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with software function Lung Application 3 is
    Track 3 device and comply with the reference standards and with FDA ultrasound guidance document,
    “Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers: Guidance for Industry and
   Food and Drug Administration Staff, February 21, 2023”.

8.  Non-Clinical Performance Data
    Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the system level requirements according to
    system and design specifications, and risk control measures. The activities to assure the safe and effective
    performance of the Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with software function Lung Application 3
    included, but are not limited to, the following:

      •  Requirements Review
      •  Risk Analysis and Management Review
      •  Product Specification Review
      •  Design Reviews

     Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject Lumify Ultrasound System with Lung Application
    3 software function as this is a software only release. The transducers patient contact materials and
     manufacturing processes are not impacted by the release of the subject Lumify Ultrasound System with
    Lung Application 3, and all the transducers that are compatible with the software are already
     commercially available from Philips. Furthermore, no new hardware testing (such as IEC 60601-1, IEC
     60601-2-37) was required since this change is software-based only.

     Retrospective data analysis study evaluated the performance of two artificial intelligence algorithms
     integrated into the Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System for automated classification of lung
    view quality and pleural line appearance during clinical LUS examinations.

    The primary endpoints evaluated algorithm agreement with ground truth labels for binary classification
     of (1) Adequate versus Poor lung view quality, and (2) Normal versus Irregular pleural line appearance.
    The predefined acceptance criterion for each endpoint required the one-sided 97.5% lower confidence
      limit for the prevalence-adjusted bias-adjusted kappa (PABAK) statistic to exceed 0.35, indicating at
      least fair agreement with ground truth. The acceptance criteria were established based on published
      inter-rater agreement ranges for lung view quality and pleural line irregularity among qualified clinical
     experts.

    The Lung View Quality algorithm demonstrated substantial agreement with ground truth for binary
      classification of Adequate vs. Poor views, achieving 87.9% concordance, Cohen’s kappa of 0.67 (95%
     CI: 0.61–0.72), and PABAK of 0.76 (95% CI: 0.72–0.80). Binary classification performance met the
     predefined acceptance criterion and was consistent across transducer types (kappa: curved 0.69, sector
     0.64, linear 0.65; PABAK: curved 0.76, sector 0.75, linear 0.77). For three-level classification, where
    Adequate view quality was subcategorized as Good or Limited, the algorithm achieved 71.2%
     concordance and kappa of 0.64 (95% CI: 0.61–0.68). Algorithm sensitivity and specificity results
     further support these findings.
    The Pleural Line algorithm showed substantial agreement with ground truth for binary classification of
    Normal versus Irregular pleural line, achieving 85.6% concordance, Cohen’s kappa of 0.66 (95% CI:
     0.61–0.71), and PABAK of 0.71 (95% CI: 0.67–0.76). The algorithm met the predefined acceptance
      criterion and was consistent across transducers (kappa: curved 0.68, sector 0.65, linear 0.64; PABAK:
     curved 0.72, sector 0.70, linear 0.71). For three-level classification, where Irregular pleural line was
                                      Pa ge 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips Ultrasound
                       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Lung Application 3
     subcategorized as Irregular 1 (“definite irregularity”) or Irregular 2 (“pronounced irregularity”), a
     concordance of 78.4% and kappa of 0.60 (95% CI: 0.56–0.64) was observed. Sensitivity and specificity
      results further support these findings.

9.  Clinical Performance Data
There was no clinical investigation needed for this submission. A study using previously collected
clinical ultrasound images with prospective reads by clinicians was conducted to evaluate the
performance of the subject device in a simulated clinical setting. The clinical bench study demonstrates
the safety and efficacy of the software function Lung Application 3 and confirms the device met the clinical
user needs as intended. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated based on the following attributes:

       •   Design features
       •   Indications for use
       •  Fundamental scientific technology
       •   Non-clinical performance testing
       •   Safety and Effectiveness

10. Sterilization

   Not applicable. The Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System’s existing transducers, including L12-4, C5-2,
   and S4-1transducers are not supplied sterile.

11. Conclusion
For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the proposed
subject device, Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System, including Lung Application 3 meets its intended use.

The changes made to the subject device do not affect the use of the device, nor do they introduce any
new or significantly modified risks. The results of the relevant performance and compatibility tests
support a determination that the proposed subject device does not raise new questions of safety or
effectiveness. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
(K223771) in terms of indications for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations,
safety, and effectiveness.


                                      Pa ge 9