.

                                                                           September 26, 2025

Ligence, UAB
℅ Raymond Kelly
Consultant
Arazy Group Consultants Inc.
3422 Leonardo Lane
New Smyrna Beach, Florida 32168


Re: K252105
    Trade/Device Name: Ligence Heart
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 5, 2025
    Received: September 5, 2025

Dear Raymond Kelly:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252105 - Raymond Kelly                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252105 - Raymond Kelly                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI
  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K252105              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
 Ligence Heart


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.
 Ligence Heart is a fully automated software platform that processes, analyses and makes measurements
 on acquired transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, automatically producing a full report with
 measurements of several key cardiac structural and functional parameters. The data produced by this
 software is intended to be used to support qualified cardiologists or sonographers for clinical decision
 making. Ligence Heart is indicated for use in adult patients. Ligence Heart has not been validated for the
 assessment of congenital heart disease, valve disease, pericardial disease, and/or intra-cardiac lesions
 (e.g., tumors, thrombi).
 Limitations:
 * Poor image capture will lead to poor annotations and subsequent measurements.
 * Multiple image quality algorithms are used to filter out images of poor quality.
 * Our software complements good patient care and does not exempt the user from the responsibility to
 provide supervision, clinically review the patient, and make appropriate clinical decisions.
 *  If no gender is present, female referenced guideline values will be used for conclusions.
 *  If Body Surface Area (BSA) is not present, indexed values cannot be provided.
 * During image acquisition, inappropriate use of the echo machine, use of non-cardiac ultrasound probes,
 or use of suboptimal settings (e.g., gain, contrast, depth) may lead to lower accuracy of the software.
 * Ligence Heart has not been validated in patients with prosthetic or surgically altered cardiac valves,
 implantable intracardiac devices, or irregular (non-sinus) rhythm; these conditions may affect automated
 measurement accuracy.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     Z Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                                                             ] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I


Ligence Heart                                                                                   Page 10 of 47

Page 1 of 5


                                   510(k) Summary
                               21 CFR 807.92        K252105


     I.    SUBMITTER (21 CFR 807.92(a)(1))


Submitter:              Ligence, UAB
                        Taikos pr. 54 Kaunas,
                       51305, Lithuania


Phone:               +37061144345


Contact Person:        Alvaro Perez-Moreno, Ph.D.


Date Prepared:          July 2, 2025


   II.DEVICE (21 CFR 807.92(a)(2))


Name of Device:          Ligence Heart
Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Name:      Medical Image Management and Processing System (§892.2050)
Regulatory Class:            II
Product Code:          QIH


      III.  PREDICATE DEVICE (21 CFR 807.92(a)(3))

Us2.vl, K210791
This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.


No reference devices were used in this submission.


     IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION (21 CFR 807.92(a)(4))


Ligence Heart is an image post-processing software used for viewing and quantifying adult
cardiac ultrasound DICOM studies. The device is intended to generate structured measurement
reports for echocardiography analysis and aid qualified sonographers and cardiologists in their
decision-making process.


Ligence Heart automatically  identifies standard  transthoracic echo views with machinelearning–based view classification,  cardiac cycle  selection,  and  border detection,  then

Page 2 of 5


generates reproducible quantitative left-ventricular volumetric and functional measurements.
The results are inserted into a PACS-compatible report that the reviewing cardiologist or
sonographer can accept, edit, supplement with additional manual measurements, or entirely
replace with manual measurements. The software also organizes, displays, and compares each
measurement  with  reference-guideline  ranges. Completed  reports  are exported  in PDF,
streamlining routine echocardiography workflow while leaving final diagnostic responsibility
with the clinician.


    V.INDICATIONS FOR USE (21 CFR 807.92(a)(5))


Ligence Heart is a fully automated software platform that processes, analyses and makes
measurements on acquired transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, automatically producing a
full report with measurements of several key cardiac structural and functional parameters. The
data produced by this software is intended to be used to support qualified cardiologists or
sonographers for clinical decision making. Ligence Heart is indicated for use in adult patients.
Ligence Heart has not been validated for the assessment of congenital heart disease, valve
disease, pericardial disease, and/or intra-cardiac lesions (e.g., tumors, thrombi).
Limitations:
   ● Poor image capture will lead to poor annotations and subsequent measurements.
   ● Multiple image quality algorithms are used to filter out images of poor quality.
   ● Our software complements good patient care and does not exempt the user from the
       responsibility to provide supervision, clinically review the patient, and make appropriate
        clinical decisions.
   ●  If no gender is present, female referenced guideline values will be used for conclusions.
   ●  If Body Surface Area (BSA) is not present, indexed values cannot be provided.
   ● During image acquisition, inappropriate use of the echo machine, use of non-cardiac
       ultrasound probes, or use of suboptimal settings (e.g., gain, contrast, depth) may lead to
      lower accuracy of the software.
   ● Ligence Heart has not been validated in patients with prosthetic or surgically altered
       cardiac valves, implantable intracardiac devices, or irregular (non-sinus) rhythm; these
       conditions may affect automated measurement accuracy.

Page 3 of 5


     VI.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
   PREDICATE DEVICE (21 CFR 807.92(a)(5) & 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6))


    Attribute          Predicate Device: K210791             Subject Device
   Product Code              QIH                      QIH
    Regulation                 892.2050                        892.2050
   Classification                          II                                           II
    Rx/OTC                Rx                        Rx
                                                          Software package that
     Physical        Software package that operates
                                                              operates utilizing off-the-   Characteristics      utilizing off-the-shelf hardware
                                                                       shelf hardware
                  The software is designed for use     The software is designed for
                   on a personal computer that has     use on  a  personal computer  User interface
                          received images from a           that has received images from
                           compatible PACS                a compatible PACS
   Automation       Fully automated, including clip        Fully automated, including clip
        level                       selection                          selection
      User
   confirmation /                               Yes                            Yes
    rejection of
        result
  Manual editing
   of automated                  Yes                            Yes
   result by user
    Input Data          Echocardiographic images          Echocardiographic images
  Communicatio                              DICOM Standard
              DICOM Standard Compliance
    n protocol                                              Compliance
      Patient                                Adults                            Adults
    Populations


Both the subject and predicate devices share the following technological characteristics:

Variations in automated-measurement implementation:
Ligence Heart automatically generates four core left-ventricular measurements essential for
efficient and accurate routine cardiac assessments: lateral mitral-annular early-diastolic velocity
(lateral e’, Le), left-ventricular end-diastolic volume by the biplane Method of Disks (LVEDV
MOD), left-ventricular ejection fraction by the biplane Method of Disks (LVEF MOD), and
left-ventricular end-systolic volume by the biplane Method of Disks (LVESV MOD).

Page 4 of 5


         VII. PERFORMANCE DATA (21 CFR 807.92(b))


Ligence Heart was developed and tested in accordance with Ligence Heart’s  life cycle
development processes. The device has been subject to extensive safety and performance
testing. Verification and validation test results established that the device meets its design
requirements and intended use. Specifically, software verification was conducted at the unit,
integration, and system levels. Risk management analysis generated multiple risk mitigation
measures and verification activities. A cybersecurity analysis and testing were conducted to
verify that security measures are properly implemented in Ligence Heart to protect Ligence
Heart’s data, including patient health information (PHI). A summative human factors study was
performed to validate that Ligence Heart can be used safely and effectively by the intended user
population.


A formal retrospective non-interventional validation study was conducted at a U.S. based
independent   Echocardiography   Core   Laboratory   using  600   previously   acquired
echocardiograms to evaluate the performance of the device for each claimed measurement. Test
datasets were strictly segregated from algorithm training datasets, as they are from completely
separate cohorts.


A cumulative total of 76 studies were excluded because of missing views or corrupt metadata.
Ultimately, 524 echocardiographic studies were assessed by all three human readers, satisfied
the predefined quality criteria, and were included in the final analysis. Baseline demographic
characteristics of the cohort are summarized in the table below.


 Participants characteristics

 Age, years                                               49.48 ± 13.56

 Male, n (%)                                         319 (60.88%)

 Female, n (%)                                        205 (39.12%)

 Height, cm                                              173.36 ± 10.52

 Weight, kg                                                88.92 ± 21.11

 LVEF, %                                           34.45% ± 15.78%

 Normal LVEF (>50%), n (%)                           120 (22.90%)

 Reduced LVEF (<50%), n (%)                           404 (77.10%)

Page 5 of 5


 Participants characteristics

 Mildly reduced LVEF (40-50%), n (%)                    64 (12.21%)

 Moderately reduced LVEF (30-40%), n (%)                85 (16.22%)

 Severely reduced LVEF (<30%), n (%)                    255 (48.66%)


Primary  Clinical  Performance Endpoint was  Individual  Equivalence  Coefficient  (IEC).
Agreement between Ligence Heart and three independent expert sonographers was quantified
using the reference-scaled IEC. Automated measurements are deemed interchangeable when
the upper level of the IEC 95% confidence interval was < 0.25, a non-inferiority margin derived
from individual-bioequivalence principles.

All  four  parameters met  the  non-inferiority  criterion,  confirming  that  Ligence  Heart
measurements are interchangeable with expert human measurements. Secondary agreement
metrics were consistent with the IEC result. Intraclass Correlation Coefficients (ICC) were ≥
0.90 for all four parameters. No device-related adverse events, malfunctions, or unmediated
issues occurred during the study.

These combined non-clinical and clinical data demonstrate that Ligence Heart satisfies its
specified performance criteria and support determination of substantial equivalence.


         VIII. CONCLUSIONS (21 CFR 807.92(b))


Ligence Heart  is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Us2.v1 (K210791). The
subject and predicate share the same intended use, core technological characteristics, and
fundamental principles of operation. No distinctions between the two systems do not introduce
new questions of safety or effectiveness.

Comprehensive   non-clinical   testing,  including  software   verification  and  validation,
cybersecurity assessment, and summative human-factors validation, demonstrated that the
software platforms as intended and can be used  safely under the specified conditions.
Complementary clinical validation confirmed that automated measurements of LVEF, LVEDV,
LVESV, and lateral e´ are interchangeable with expert manual measurements and remain within
normal inter-observer variability.

Taken together, the non-clinical and clinical data show that Ligence Heart is at least as safe and
effective  as  the  predicative  device  for  post  processing  analysis  of  adult  transthoracic
echocardiograms.