December 11, 2025


Medcognetics, Inc.
John Jenkins
Chief Quality Officer
17217 Waterview Parkway
Suite 1.202E
Dallas, Texas 75252 USA


Re: K252482
    Trade/Device Name: CogNet AI-MT+
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: November 10, 2025
    Received: November 10, 2025

Dear John Jenkins:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252482 - John Jenkins                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252482 - John Jenkins                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     YANNA S. KANG -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

Please provide the device trade name(s).
CogNet Al-MT+

Please provide your Indications for Use below.
The MedCognetics CogNet AI-MT+ software is a passive notification for prioritization-only, parallel-workflow
software tool used by MQSA qualified interpreting physicians to prioritize viewing patients with suspicious
findings in the medical care environment. CogNet AI-MT+ utilizes an artificial intelligence algorithm to
analyze DBT screening mammograms and flags those that are suggestive of the presence of at least one
suspicious finding at the exam level.
CogNet AI-MT+ produces an exam level output to a PACS/Workstation for flagging the suspicious study
and allows for worklist prioritization. MQSA qualified interpreting physicians are responsible for reviewing
each exam on a display approved for use in mammography, according to the current standard of care. The
CogNet AI-MT+ device is limited to the categorization of exams, does not provide any diagnostic
information beyond triage and prioritization, does not remove images from the interpreting physician’s
worklist, and should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation, or relied upon to make or confirm
diagnosis.
The CogNet AI-MT+ device is intended for use with DBT mammography exams acquired using validated
DBT equipment only.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  [X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

applicable). [[] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

4/1

510(K) Summary: K252482

I.    SUBMITTER

      Medcognetics, Inc
     17217 Waterview Parkway
       Suite 1.202 E
       Dallas, Texas 75252 USA

      Phone: (214) 264-5612

      Contact Person: John Jenkins
      Date Prepared: June 10, 2025

II.   DEVICE
     Name of Device: CogNet AI-MT+
    Common or Usual Name: CogNet AI-MT+
       Classification Name: 21 CFR 892.2080 - Radiological computer aided triage
      and notification software
      Regulatory Class: II
      Product Code: QFM

III.  PREDICATE DEVICE
     CogNet QmTRIAGE (Renamed to CogNet AI-MT), K220080
      This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

IV.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
   The MedCognetics CogNet AI-MT+ is a non-invasive computer-assisted triage
   and notification software as a medical device (SaMD) that analyzes DBT
    screening mammograms using a machine learning algorithm and notifies a
    PACS/workstation of the presence of findings suspicious of cancer in a study.
   The  passive-notification enables  interpreting physicians  to  prioritize  their
     worklist and assists them in viewing prioritized studies using the standard PACS
    or workstation viewing software. The device aim is to aid in the prioritization and
     triage of radiological medical images only.  It is a software tool for MQSA
     interpreting physicians reading mammograms and does not replace complete
    evaluation according to the standard of care.
   The software modules that compose the CogNet AI-MT+ Deep Learning software
     are:
   The Qualification Module - The requirement for acceptance into the CogNet AIMT+ analysis is a completed Mammogram DICOM image. In the Qualification
    Module, the image arrives from the Mammogram modality and is “read” to


                                 Page 1 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482

       determine if this qualification applies.
      The Mammogram Pre-Processing module – The DBT pixel brightness, image
        size, and shape is adjusted for consistency in this module. After the DICOM
      image has been qualified, the Pre-Processing module assures that the images
       are from a mammogram device and then validates that the DICOM is properly
       formed and consists of “For Presentation” image pixel data.
     Mammogram Learning Module – This module accepts the normalized image
       data from the pre-processing module and uses Deep Learning techniques to
        extract features to determine if any lesions suspicious for cancer exist in the
     mammogram study
        Failures in any of the above modules will generate error messages that are
       recorded in an accessible log file and, if user specific issues are encountered,
       sent to the user in a secondary capture report.
      CogNet AI-MT+ has no viewing capability, but the results data are sent via a
       secure network function to the PACS/workstation, and the PACS/workstation
        “reads”  the  necessary DICOM  tags and matches   it  with  the  original
     mammogram study images as a normal function of a PACS or Workstation.
     When the study data is fed into the configured reading worklist, the results are
      merged as part of the mammogram study. This process allows an AI Result to
      be ready for prioritization of the study prior to the interpreting physician’s review.

    A reading worklist is a listing of available studies for reading and
      diagnosis. The worklist is populated by the parsing of a DICOM file
       of a completed mammogram study, using the demographic and
      study fields to  fill in the designated columns of the worklist. The
     columns are sortable by study, based on the column headings.
     CogNet AI-MT+ provides an API for adding an AI Results column
       with 0 to 1 response per study. If an analysis was not performed on
       that study, the AI Results  indication  is  0.  If an analysis was
      performed on that study, then the AI Results column indicates either
      Suspicious (red diamond icon) or Processed (blue circle icon). The
      AI Results column may be sorted by the interpreting physicians by
       clicking an up or down arrow next to the column heading. This sort
      would allow the studies that contain suspicious findings to be brought
       to the top of the viewing list.

Device Inputs


                                    Page 2 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482

        Inputs to the CogNet AI-MT+ analysis software are digital copies of completed
     mammogram studies in DICOM format. Current or pre-existing DBT studies are
       uploaded as DICOM data into CogNet AI-MT+ via a DICOM network transfer
       from the  facility’s mammography imaging system, the  facilities PACS, or
     DICOM router, depending on network configuration.
      The criteria for the CogNet AI-MT+ software excludes patients with breast
       implants and post-surgical studies. Only tomographic studies are included in
         this submission as CogNet AI-MT+ is designed for analyzing DBT mammogram
        studies.
      The imaging equipment manufacturer’s model that has been validated with
      CogNet AI-MT+ is Hologic’s Selenia Dimensions. The Hologic equipment was
        validated in tests executed in the CogNet AI-MT+ Design Validation (VAL-COG-
       060) and results discussed in the Validation Report.
Device Outputs
      The outputs of CogNet AI-MT+ software is a DICOM secondary capture image
        that is not intended for diagnostic image review, and textual data of Suspicious
        or Processed results, as well as company information in DICOM private tags.
      These are the data that notifies the reading interpreting physicians of
       suspicious results.
Software Installation and Data Workflow
      The CogNet AI-MT+ software is cloud based so installation is not required. The
      use of the product is by license only so the login for the user and User
        Instruction manual will be sent directly to the licensed individuals that will be
       accessing or responsible for the CogNet AI-MT+ device. MedCognetics quality
      and technical staff will coordinate and facilitate the initial usage.
Cybersecurity
      MedCognetics is attentive to cybersecurity issues in medical devices. CogNet
        AI- MT+ is HIPAA compliant and assures that Personal Health Information is
       protected by promoting anonymization  of data  prior  to  analysis.  This  is
       accomplished by requiring de-identification as part of the data transfer to the
      CogNet AI-MT+ algorithm. DICOM data retains the necessary DICOM tags using
       these to merge the secondary capture image containing the CogNet analysis
        results  into the  original mammogram study  for  final viewing by a MQSA
        interpreting physician. DICOM data in network and in transfer to the CogNet AIMT+ algorithm is encrypted in transit and at rest. User access is strictly password
        protected. The transferred data is subject to existing firewall solutions, auditing,
      and all interactions are logged to facilitate review of potential issues.
User Instruction


                                    Page 3 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482

     A User instruction manual is provided for the software. The proposed labeling
         for the proposed device is included in the submission.
Standards Applied
      The standards applied for the development of the system are listed below in
       Table 1.
         Table 1: Standards Applied

        Standard                  Title of Standard
        IEC 62304              Software Development Life Cycle
        21 CFR Part 820      FDA Regulatory Requirements and Design Controls
      DICOM PS3.1              Digital Image and Communications in Medicine
   V.   INDICATIONS FOR USE
   The  MedCognetics CogNet AI-MT+  software  is a  passive  notification  for
    prioritization-  only,  parallel-workflow  software  tool used by MQSA  qualified
    interpreting physicians to prioritize patients with suspicious findings in a medical
   care environment. CogNet AI- MT+ utilizes an artificial intelligence algorithm to
   analyze DBT screening mammograms and flags those that are suggestive of the
   presence of at least one suspicious finding at the exam level. CogNet AI-MT+
   produces an exam level output to a PACS/Workstation for flagging the suspicious
   study and allows for worklist prioritization.
  MQSA qualified interpreting physicians are responsible for reviewing each exam on
   a display approved for use in mammography, according to the current standard of
   care. The CogNet AI-MT+ device is limited to the categorization of exams, does not
   provide any diagnostic information beyond triage and prioritization, does not remove
   images from the interpreting physician’s worklist, and should not be used in lieu of
     full patient evaluation, or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.
   The CogNet AI-MT+ device is intended for use with DBT mammography exams
   acquired using validated equipment systems, only.
   VI.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARCTERISTICS WITH
      THE PREDICATE DEVICE
   The predicate device is CogNet AI-MT (formerly QmTRIAGE) for analysis of 2D
  FFDM mammography studies. CogNet AI-MT+, the proposed device, is designed
    to process only Digital Breast Tomosynthesis (DBT) Mammography images. These
   studies contain multiple “slices” of images so they must be evaluated individually,
   taking more time but offering a potentially better view of any lesions present in the
   breast. The difference between these two image modalities is in the separation and
   handling of the multi-frame images, but beyond that, the AI processing is virtually
   the same. On the next two pages is a list of technological characteristics and
   comparison between the predicate and the proposed device:


                                    Page 4 of 9

New Device                       Predicate Device (1)

Trade Name                 CogNet AI-MT+               CogNet QmTRIAGE                                   510(K) Summary
510(k) Submitter                MedCognetics                   MedCognetics                Status
[Number]                       [K252482]                         [K220080]
                   The MedCognetics CogNet AI-MT+  The MedCognetics (CogNet)
                       software is a passive notification    QmTRIAGE software is a passive
                            for prioritization- only, parallel-         notification for prioritization-only,
                      workflow software tool used by        parallel-workflow software tool used
               MQSA qualified interpreting         by MQSA qualified interpreting
                       physicians to prioritize patients with   physicians to prioritize patients with
                       suspicious findings in a medical       suspicious findings in the medical care
                      care environment. CogNet AI- MT+   environment.
                             utilizes an artificial intelligence      QmTRIAGE utilizes an artificial
                        algorithm to analyze DBT              intelligence algorithm to analyze 2D
                       screening mammograms and flags  FFDM screening mammograms and
                      those that are suggestive of the       flags those that are suggestive of the
                     presence of at least one suspicious   presence of at least one suspicious
                          finding at the exam level. CogNet      finding at the exam level.
                    AI-MT+ produces an exam level    QmTRIAGE produces an exam level
                        output to a PACS/Workstation for     output to a PACS/Workstation for
                         flagging the suspicious study and     flagging suspicious study and allows
                        allows for worklist prioritization.        for worklist prioritization.
               MQSA qualified interpreting       MQSA qualified interpreting
Indication for          physicians are responsible for        physicians are responsible for
Use                   reviewing each exam on a display    reviewing each exam on a display         Similar
                     approved for use in                approved for use in mammography,
                   mammography, according to the      according to the current standard of
                         current standard of care. The         care. The QmTRIAGE device is
                   CogNet AI-MT+ device is limited to    limited to the categorization of
                        the categorization of exams, does    exams, does not provide any
                        not provide any diagnostic            diagnostic information beyond triage
                        information beyond triage and       and prioritization, does not remove
                             prioritization, does not remove       images from the interpreting
                    images from the interpreting          physician’s worklist, and should not
                         physician’s worklist, and should not   be used in lieu of full patient
                    be used in lieu of full patient           evaluation, or relied upon to make or
                         evaluation, or relied upon to make    confirm diagnosis.
                         or confirm diagnosis.                                                 The QmTRIAGE device is intended for
                   The CogNet AI-MT+ device is                                                    use with 2D FFDM mammography
                       intended for use with DBT                                               exams acquired using validated FFDM
                  mammography exams acquired                                                         systems, only.
                       using validated equipment systems,
                          only.
 Product Code(s)                            QFM                         Same               QFM
 Regulation(s)         892.2080                         892.2080                      Same

 Notification Only      Yes                            Yes                               Same

 Parallel Workflow     Yes                            Yes                               Same

 User            MQSA Interpreting physician      MQSA Interpreting physician           Same

                      Yes.                               Yes.
 Alert to finding        Passive notification flagged for       Passive notification flagged for review   Same
                       review
 Independent of SoC     Yes.                               Yes.
 workflow          No cases are removed from        No cases are removed from worklist     Same


                                   Page 5 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482

                      New Device                       Predicate Device (1)

Trade Name                 CogNet AI-MT+               CogNet QmTRIAGE
510(k) Submitter                MedCognetics                   MedCognetics                Status
[Number]                       [K252482]                         [K220080]
                           worklist

 Modality          DBT screening mammograms      FFDM screening mammograms         Different

 Equipment
                       Hologic                              Hologic                            Same Manufacturer
 Body Part              Breast                              Breast                             Same
 AI algorithm         Yes                            Yes                               Same

 Limited to analysis of
                    Yes                            Yes                               Same imaging data
                          • Standard       DBT             • Standard 2D FFDM
                          screening mammograms              screening
                          • Biopsy proven cancer            mammograms
                           studies (soft tissues and             • Biopsy proven cancer studies
                              microcalcifications)                       (soft tissues and
                          • BIRADS 1 and 2 normal/benign       microcalcifications)                                                                                                                 Different                       cases with 2- year follow-up of a     • BIRADS 1 and 2 normal/benign
                          negative diagnosis                 cases with 2-year follow-up of a
                          • Female patients 22 and older          negative diagnosis
                          • Bilateral Studies with 4              • Female patients 22 and older    Inclusion                          standard views (LCC, LMLO,         • Bilateral Studies with 4 standard     Criteria                    RCC, RMLO)                      views (LCC, LMLO, RCC, RMLO)

Aids in prompt
identification of
cases with                       Yes                             Yes            Same
indicated findings
                     Secondary Capture stored with       Encapsulated PDF stored with
                           original DICOM study and may be     original DICOM study and may be
                     viewed with the study. The device    downloaded and viewed as a PDF.
Results Preview      operates in parallel with the        The device operates in parallel with    Different
                      standard of care, which remains      the standard of care, which remains
                        the default option.                    the default option.
Deployment                   Cloud based                       Cloud based            Same

Where results are                       PACS / Workstation           PACS / Workstation        Samereceived
Patient Contact           No direct or indirect               No direct or indirect contact  Same
                                  contact


                                Page 6 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482


                      New Device                       Predicate Device (1)

Trade Name                 CogNet AI-MT+               CogNet QmTRIAGE
510(k) Submitter                MedCognetics                   MedCognetics                Status
[Number]                       [K252482]                         [K220080]
Cleaning                   Not applicable                         Not applicable          Same
Sterilization                Not applicable                         Not applicable          Same

  VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA
  The algorithm developed by MedCognetics is trained with samples both suspicious of
  cancer and not suspicious of cancer to build a model for predicting mammograms as
  "Suspicious" or Processed. During training, a batch of training examples are passed
  through the MLN which produces a batch of predictions (forward pass). The difference
  between the predictions and the ground truth labels is then measured using a loss
  function. Reverse-mode automatic differentiation is applied to determine how each
  model parameter should be updated to reduce the loss (backward pass). The
  parameter gradients produced during this process are then used by the optimizer to
  update the model parameters. This process  is repeated for a fixed number of
  iterations, over which time the model’s AUROC on both the training and development
  datasets are monitored to ensure that the model is not overfitting. Mammographic
  modalities utilized during training include FFDM, SFM, synthetic view, and DBT.
  Although the trained model will only process the DBT modality, we find that a diverse
  training set of modalities is beneficial to improving generalization.

            Region          Total Patients         Positives             Negatives
             Europe          2,372                40                    2,332


             South Asia      126                 125                 1

             South America   4,066                577                   3,489

             South Asia       1,024                374                 650

             Europe          23,036                8,651                 14,385

                Africa           102                 6                   96

              United States    1,566                723                 843


                Totals            32,292                10,496                21,796
                                   (≈ 129,168 images)    (≈ 41,984 images)    (≈ 87,184 images)
                                Training Data Sources


                                Page 7 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482
    A standalone retrospective study of device performance was conducted for the
      proposed device. The primary objective of the study was to assess the performance
       of the MedCognetics CogNet AI-MT+ algorithm for triage of DBT digital mammograms
     and validate the Area Under Receiver Operating Characteristics (AUROC) as ≥ 0.95
       with a confidence interval of ±0.02 at a confidence level of 95%. The secondary
       objective is to assess the sensitivity and specificity performance of the algorithm that
         will be comparable to the standard of care as reported  in the Breast Cancer
       Surveillance Consortium (BCSC)  study, which  is 0.869  sensitivity and 0.889
        specificity. The same parameters were used in the previous study for the predicate
       device.


r                                    a

     To ensure generalizability for all data sources, mammography images used for testing
      were obtained from a site or facility that was not used to source the training or
      development data. The training, development, and test set data sources were all
      separate and independent of each other. The study consisted of 806 women of
      screening  age,  grouped  according  to  BI-RADS  distribution.  T h e   s t u d y
      c o n s i s t e d o f 4 0 3 cases with an assigned label of “benign” based on a negative
      diagnosis (BI-RADS 1 or 2 assessment) throughout 2-years of follow-up and 4 0 3
      s t u d i e s w i t h  a label of “malignant” based on a positive biopsy result.  The
       predicate device’s study had similar inclusions and exclusions as the proposed
       device.
                   Biopsy            Biopsy Proven  Malignant     Screening
                Outcome                Benign                  Benign
                 Samples                     21      403           382
                      Positive                      0      403             0
                   Negative                     21        0           382

     The performance of the CogNet AI-MT+ algorithm was analyzed across various
      subgroups of the test dataset. All stratified analysis was conducted using only
      Hologic Selenia Dimensions machines. The data was sorted into subgroups,
       including cohorts of Age; BIRADS; Breast Density; Lesion type; Pathology, Benign
      biopsy outcome, and Lesion size. The performance by subgroup was good but
        typically, dense breasts and small lesions are the most difficult to analyze and that is
       reflected In AUC being slightly less than 95%. Other than that, the subgroups all fell
        in the target range AUC of 95%. Similar results in the same subgroup breakdown
      from the predicate device.

       Overall, CogNet AI-MT+ achieved an AUROC = 0.9548 (95% CI: 0.9364 - 0.9699)
       Sensitivity = 0.8809 (95% CI: 0.8511 - 0.9032) and Specificity = 0.9156
     (95% CI: 0.8933 - 0.9380) was achieved, meeting the stated criteria. This compares
                                    Page 8 of 9

510(K) Summary: K252482
favorably with the predicate device performance of (AUROC) of 0.9569 with 95% CI:
0.9364-0.9738.

The proposed device and the predicate device’s performance met or exceeded the
primary objective of ≥95 AUC and the secondary objective of Sensitivity ≥ 0.89 and
Specificity ≥ .889.

VIII. CONCLUSION
The regulatory, usage, and process similarities are extensive between the proposed
device and the predicate device, and the technical characteristics of the two devices
are similar, as discussed in this submission. Any differences have been addressed
and demonstrated to have no impact on the equivalence, safety, or effectiveness.
In conclusion, as demonstrated through the supporting evidence contained within
this submission, CogNet AI-MT+  is  substantially equivalent  to the  identified
predicate device and does not raise new or different questions of safety or
effectiveness.


                              Page 9 of 9