December 18, 2025
UltraSight Ltd.
Noa Avisar
VP Clinical and Regulatory Affairs
8 Pinhas St.
Ness Ziona, 7403631
Israel

Re: K252235
    Trade/Device Name: PVAD IQ Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 14, 2025
    Received: November 14, 2025

Dear Noa Avisar:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252235 - Noa Avisar                                                               Page 2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K252235 - Noa Avisar                                                               Page 3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                             for
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D
                                                Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K252235

Device Name

PVAD IQ Software

Indications for Use (Describe)

The PVAD IQ software is intended for non-invasive analysis of ultrasound images to detect and measure structures from
cardiac ultrasound of patients 18 years old and above, with a Percutaneous Ventricular Assist Device (PVAD). Such use is
typically utilized for clinical decision support by a qualified physician.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K252235

                                         510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 1 of 7


                                      510(k) SUMMARY
                                 UltraSight’s PVAD IQ Software


Applicant name: UltraSight Ltd.
Applicant address:
8 Pinhas Sapir St. Ness Ziona 7403631, Israel
Phone: +972-54-8886425
Email: noa@ultrasight.com
Contact Person: Noa Avisar
Date: November 14, 2025


Name of Device: PVAD IQ Software
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Classification Code: QIH
Device class: II
Regulation number: 892.2050
Panel: Radiology
Predicate Device: LVivo Software Application (K210053)

Intended Use/ Indications for Use

The PVAD IQ Software is intended for non-invasive analysis of ultrasound images to detect and
measure structures from cardiac ultrasound of patients 18 years old and above, with Percutaneous
Ventricular Assist Devices (PVAD). Such use is typically utilized for clinical decision support by a
qualified physician.

Device Description

PVAD IQ is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) solution designed to support clinicians in the
positioning of Percutaneous Ventricular Assist devices (PVADs) through ultrasound image-based
assessment. Percutaneous Ventricular Assist device is a temporary device used to provide
hemodynamic support for patients experiencing cardiogenic shock or undergoing high-risk
percutaneous coronary interventions (PCI).

The PVAD IQ software is a machine learning model (MLM) based software, that operates on
ultrasound clips (as the system input) and provides two outputs with regards to PVAD patients:

          1. Landmark identification and measurement - provides the two landmarks position
             detection, and computation of the mean distance between the two landmarks- the
              aortic annulus and the PVAD inlet.

510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 2 of 7


          2.  Acceptability classification, which is a binary classification of ultrasound clips that are
            “acceptable” or “non-acceptable”, in terms of visibility of the two landmarks. A clip is
             defined as acceptable when both landmarks are simultaneously visible in a manner
              suitable for quantitative imaging.

The User Interface (UI) enables the user to review or hide the mean distance measurement,
annotate desired images, and add manual measurement, while keeping the raw data for further
review as needed.

The software output is shown on the screen either as the mean distance measurement, or as a
notification related to non-acceptable clips.

Technological Characteristics

PVAD IQ software is an ultrasound image processing software implementing non-adaptive machine
learning algorithms trained with clinical data and intended for automated analysis of transthoracic
echocardiography (TTE) using ultrasound clips.

Substantial Equivalence Discussion

The PVAD IQ software and the predicate device have the same intended use and similar indications,
technological characteristics and principles of operation; both devices process TTE ultrasound clips
to support clinical management of cardiac patients using machine learning technology.

Though the subject device provides diderent measurements output, compared to the predicate,
these diderences do not raise new questions of safety and edectiveness. The subject device has
been demonstrated to be as safe and edective as the predicate device and is therefore considered
substantially equivalent.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below:

 Feature          PVAD IQ Software      LVivo Software       Conclusion
                      (Subject device)        Application
                                              (Predicate device)
                                        K210053
 Classification        Medical image        Same                  Identical
 Name             management and
                      processing system
 Regulation Name    21 CFR 892.2050      Same
 Product code       QIH               Same
 Device Class                II                 Same

510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 3 of 7


Intended Use        Non-invasive         Same                  Identical
                     processing of
                     ultrasound images
Indications for use   The PVAD IQ device is    LVivo platform is       Similar
                     intended for non-        intended for noninvasive analysis of       invasive processing
                     ultrasound images to     of ultrasound images
                      detect and measure      to detect, measure,
                       structures from cardiac  and calculate
                     ultrasound of patients    relevant medical
                   18 years old and above   parameters of
                      with Percutaneous       structures and
                       Ventricular Assist        function of patients
                    Devices (PVAD). Such    with suspected
                   use typically utilized for  disease
                          clinical decision
                     support by a qualified
                       physician.
Scan type           Ultrasound (ultrasound  Same                  Identical
                    vendor neutral)
Principle of          Ultrasound image      Same                  Identical
Operation and       processing software
Technology          implementing nonadaptive machine
                       learning algorithms
                       trained with clinical
                     data intended for noninvasive analysis of
                     ultrasound data
Algorithm          Deep Convolutional    Same                  Identical
                     Neural Networks for
                  Landmark Detection
                  and Classification
Anatomical site      Heart              Same                  Identical

510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 4 of 7


 Main Output           Clinically relevant         Clinically relevant      Similar output with
                   measurements of       measurements of      different
                  known structure for     known structure for   measurements
                  management support   management
                           in cardiac patients.      support in cardiac
                                                   patients.

                    Measurement:         Measurement:
                      Distance between the    Left ventricular
                         aortic annulus and the    ejection fraction
                 PVAD inlet               (LVEF), global
                                                 Longitudinal Strain
                                           Measure, Segmental
                                                 Longitudinal Strain
                                           Measure, and
                                          Segmental wall
                                          motion evaluation
Table 1: Substantial Equivalence

Non-Clinical Performance Data

The PVAD IQ software focuses on quantifying the distance between the Aortic Annulus and the PVAD
inlet (e.g., Impella®), a critical metric for confirming PVAD device positioning in the heart. This
function supports clinical decision-making by providing automated analysis of TTE clips.

To establish performance, PVAD IQ software was evaluated using geographically distinct test
datasets comprising 963 clips from 186 patients.

Ground truth annotations for the distance between the aortic annulus and the PVAD inlet were
provided by US (United States) board certified cardiac sonographers experienced in PVAD/Impella®
echocardiographic imaging. The performance criteria were defined as:

    1.  Distance measurement: a mean absolute error (MAE) with a 95% confidence interval (CI)
      upper bound below 0.5 cm. The PVAD IQ software achieved an MAE of 0.42 cm with a 95%
       CI of (0.38–0.47 cm)
    2.  Acceptability classification requirement: Cohens kappa above 0.6. result: 0.71 with a 95%
       CI of (0.66–0.75)
    3. Landmark detection of inlet and aortic annulus requirement: AUC above 0.8. result: Inlet:
       0.92 (0.9-0.94). Annulus: 0.98 (0.95, 1)
    4. Landmark position requirement: MAE below 0.5 cm. results: Inlet: 0.44 (0.41-0.48) Annulus:
       0.31 (0.3, 0.33)

510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 5 of 7


   PVAD IQ meets the pre-specified acceptance criteria for clinical safety and accuracy. The
   model showed consistent performance across the entire operating range with no observed
   systematic bias, supporting its use in clinical workflows for PVAD position verification.

Software and Cybersecurity:
The device underwent comprehensive software validation and cybersecurity testing in accordance
with the FDA’s Guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” and
“Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations and Content of Premarket
Submissions”. These validations ensured the software meets its intended use, functions reliably
under the expected conditions and incorporates appropriate risk-based cybersecurity controls.
The submission includes documentation of threat modeling, vulnerability testing, and secure
design practices to support substantial equivalence of the device in today’s evolving cybersecurity
landscape.

Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP)

This submission includes a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) detailing the proposed
device modifications. The PCCP outlines the nature of these planned changes and provides a
modification protocol to guide the testing, verification, validation, and implementation processes,
ensuring the device continues to meet substantial equivalence.
The planned modifications described in the PCCP are summarized in the table below. In alignment
with the PCCP, the updated PVAD IQ software will undergo appropriate training, tuning, testing,
and finalization before being released with the retrained model. Users will be informed of these
changes through software update notifications and revised labeling.
Table 2 below describes each of the proposed modifications and describes how it will be tested to
ensure substantial equivalence of the device after the modification.

 Modification     Description                            Testing Method

 Re-training       Model retraining for enhanced output     Verification testing will assess nonaccuracy and MLM performance,          clinical performance using the
                       refining annotations, and bounded       established acceptance criteria. The
                     architecture optimization, to enhance    evaluation includes distance
                    robustness, generalizability, and       measurement between the aortic
                   performance, as part of the device      annulus and the PVAD inlet, clip
                            life cycle management.                  acceptability classification, inlet and
               No changes to device input or output    aortic-annulus visibility, and inlet and
                                                            aortic-annulus landmark position.
                                                     These metrics will be tested using the
                                             same methods and thresholds defined

510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 6 of 7


                                                                    for the authorized device to confirm
                                                              that retraining maintains performance
                                                             within the validated boundaries.

                                                       Software testing: Per FDA’s Guidance
                                                      “Content of Premarket Submissions for
                                                      Device Software Function”

                                                          Cybersecurity testing: Per FDA’s
                                                   Guidance “Cybersecurity in Medical
                                                         Devices: Quality System
                                                         Considerations and Content of
                                                      Premarket Submissions”.

Additional     MLM will include datasets with             Verification testing will assess nonPVAD Devices   Percutaneous Ventricular Assist            clinical performance using the
                  Devices, that were not previously tested   established acceptance criteria. The
                  with the authorized device, in order to     evaluation includes distance
               expand the use of the PVAD IQ software.  measurement between the aortic
                                                     annulus and the PVAD inlet, clip
                The additional PVAD devices should be                                                              acceptability classification, inlet and
              FDA approved, indicated to support the                                                           aortic-annulus visibility, and inlet and
                       left ventricle, and within the device                                                           aortic-annulus landmark position.
                   patient population.                                                    These metrics will confirm that adding
                                            new PVAD devices maintains
                                                    performance within the established
                                                         boundaries.

                                                       Software testing: Per FDA’s Guidance
                                                      “Content of Premarket Submissions for
                                                      Device Software Function”

                                                          Cybersecurity testing: Per FDA’s
                                                   Guidance “Cybersecurity in Medical
                                                         Devices: Quality System
                                                         Considerations and Content of
                                                      Premarket Submissions”.

Additional     MLM will include datasets from other      Verification testing will assess nonUltrasound       cardiac ultrasound views (AP3, AP5, and   clinical performance using the
Views           Subcostal LVOT), allowing healthcare     established acceptance criteria. The
                                                           evaluation includes distance

510(k) SUMMARY              Page: 7 of 7


                   professionals to use the software with    measurement between the aortic
                     different views as needed.              annulus and the PVAD inlet, clip
                                                               acceptability classification, inlet and
                                                            aortic-annulus visibility, and inlet and
                                                            aortic-annulus landmark position.
                                                     These evaluations will be applied to
                                                                  clips containing the new ultrasound
                                                        views to confirm that model
                                                     performance remains within the
                                                              validated limits

                                                        Software testing: Per FDA’s Guidance
                                                       “Content of Premarket Submissions for
                                                       Device Software Function”

                                                           Cybersecurity testing: Per FDA’s
                                                    Guidance “Cybersecurity in Medical
                                                          Devices: Quality System
                                                          Considerations and Content of
                                                       Premarket Submissions”.

Table 2: PCCP Modifications

Conclusion

In this Traditional 510(k) premarket notification, UltraSight Ltd. demonstrates that the proposed
PVAD IQ software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, sharing the same intended
use, and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation.

A Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) is included to outline post-clearance modifications
and their evaluation. Each planned change includes an impact assessment and test plan to ensure
continued safety, edectiveness, and substantial equivalence to the predicate device.