December 16, 2025

prolaio, Inc.
George Allen Hides
Vice President, Regulatory, Quality, and Clinical
230 W Monroe, Unit 2560
Chicago, Illinois 60606


Re: K252204
    Trade/Device Name:  prolaio eVO2peak Module (Version 1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2200
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PPW
    Dated: December 1, 2025
    Received: December 1, 2025

Dear George Allen Hides:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K252204 - George Allen Hides                                                         Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252204 - George Allen Hides                                                         Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K252204

Device Name
prolaio eVO2max Module (Version 1.0)


Indications for Use (Describe)

The prolaio eVO2peak Module (Version 1.0) is an all-software medical device intended to be used for estimating peak
oxygen consumption (eVO2peak (mL/kg/min)) in adult patients for whom such VO2 Peak cardiopulmonary functional
testing is desired.

The prolaio eVO2peak Module uses as inputs: demographic data and single-lead electrocardiogram (sampled at least 125
Hz) and triaxial accelerometry data (sampled at 50 Hz) from qualified third-party FDA-cleared wearable medical sensors
from patients carrying out activities of daily living.

The prolaio eVO2peak Module is intended to provide information as an adjunctive aid in the clinical evaluation of
patients by qualified clinicians who have the responsibility for interpreting its significance in connection with other
standard of care clinical findings.

The prolaio eVO2peak Module is not intended to be used as a diagnostic, for active patient monitoring, to be solely relied
upon for determining patient status, or as an alarm device.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K252204


                                 510(k) Summary

DATE PREPARED

December 15, 2025

SUBMITTER

prolaio, Inc.
230 W Monroe
Suite 2560
Chicago IL 60606 USA
Phone: (855) 869-9054

CONTACT

George Allen Hides
Vice President Regulatory, Quality and Clinical Affairs at prolaio, Inc.
Email: george.hides@prolaio.com
Phone: (312) 654-1010

This 510(k) Summary has been prepared in accordance with CFR 21 Part 807.92.

DEVICE

 Category             Description

 Device Trade Name   prolaio eVO2peak Module (Version 1.0)

 Common Name       Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator

 Classification Name  Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator

 Class                2

 Regulation Number  21 CFR§870.2200

 Product Code      PPW

PREDICATE DEVICE

 Category             Description

 Device Trade Name  CipherOx CRI M1 (K173929)

 Common Name       Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator

 Classification Name  Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator

 Class                2

 Regulation Number  21 CFR§870.2200

 Product Code      PPW

 Note
                    The predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.


                                                                                               K252204
                                                                                           Page 1 of 7

DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The prolaio eVO2peak Module is a software-only Class II SaMD Python library. It processes stored
physiologic data—single-lead ECG and triaxial accelerometry. The module applies a locked deep-learning
model trained against reference VO2 Peak from cardiopulmonary exercise test (CPET). The module returns
mean eVO2peak and contextual information allowing clinicians to use eVO2peak in concert with other
clinical signs and parameters.

INDICATIONS FOR USE

The prolaio eVO2peak Module (Version 1.0) is an all-software medical device intended to be used for
estimating peak oxygen consumption (eVO2peak (mL/kg/min)) in adult patients for whom such VO2 Peak
cardiopulmonary functional testing is desired.

The prolaio eVO2peak Module uses as inputs: demographic data and single-lead electrocardiogram (sampled
at least 125 Hz) and triaxial accelerometry data (sampled at 50 Hz) from qualified third-party FDA-cleared
wearable medical sensors from patients carrying out activities of daily living.

The prolaio eVO2peak Module is intended to provide information as an adjunctive aid in the clinical
evaluation of patients by qualified clinicians who have the responsibility for interpreting its significance in
connection with other standard of care clinical findings.

The prolaio eVO2peak Module is not intended to be used as a diagnostic, for active patient monitoring, to be
solely relied upon for determining patient status, or as an alarm device.

INTENDED USE

Intended Use and Indications for Use are the same.


                                                                                               K252204
                                                                                           Page 2 of 7

PREDICATE DEVICE COMPARISON

     Device                         Flashback Technologies                                             prolaio                       Comments
   Functionality                       CipherOx CRI M1                                eVO2peak Module
                                                                                                     (Version 1.0)
 Comparison       Traditional 510(k)                                                          Traditional 510(k)              —
                      Predicate                                                            Candidate Device
 Manufacturer     Flashback Technologies                                                    prolaio Inc.                 —
 510(k) Number   K173929                                                   K252204                  —
  Classification      Class 2                                                                   Class 2                                    Same
                 21CFR§2200                                                21CFR§2200
                     Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator                               Adjunctive Cardiovascular Status Indicator
 Product Code   PPW                                         PPW                                      Same
 Intended Use     The CipherOxTM CRI M1 is indicated for continuous noninvasive        The prolaio eVO2peak Module (Version 1.0) is an     Similar
                    monitoring of functional oxygen saturation of arterial hemoglobin           all-software medical device intended to be used for
                    (SpO2), pulse rate (measured by an SpO2 sensor), and the                  estimating peak oxygen consumption (eVO2peak      Estimates cardiovascular
                  Compensatory Reserve Index (CRI), which trends changes in            (mL/kg/min)) in adult patients for whom such        parameter of clinical interest
                       intravascular volume relative to the individual patient’s response to      VO2Max cardiopulmonary functional testing is
                    hypovolemia.                                                                 desired.                                          Adult population

                   For patients with a finger thickness of 0.3” to 1” in hospital and pre-      The prolaio eVO2peak Module uses as inputs:       Used by qualified medical
                       hospital settings.                                                  demographic data and single-lead electrocardiogram    professionals
                                                                                        (sampled at least 125 Hz) and triaxial accelerometry
                CRI trends with changes in intravascular volume relative to the             data (sampled at 50 Hz) from qualified third-party     Adjunctive aid for
                       individual patient’s response to hypovolemia, and should only be used by   FDA-cleared wearable medical sensors from           retrospective analysis
                        qualified medical providers as an adjunct to rather than as a replacement    patients carrying out activities of daily living.
                      for traditional hemodynamic measures. CRI is indicated for adults (19-36                                           Not a diagnostic, alarm
                      years old) in the supine position under non-motion conditions and       The prolaio eVO2peak Module is intended to          device, not for active patient
                    without cardiovascular disease. CRI has not been studied in trauma        provide information as an adjunctive aid in the        monitoring, not to be solely
                        patients.                                                                               clinical evaluation of patients by qualified clinicians     relied upon to make clinical
                                                                    who have the responsibility for interpreting its         decisions
                                                                                                      significance in connection with other standard of
                                                                                                 care clinical findings.

                                                                          The prolaio eVO2peak Module is not intended to
                                                                                  be used as a diagnostic, for active patient
                                                                                            monitoring, to be solely relied upon for determining
                                                                                                     patient status, or as an alarm device.


                                                                                                                                       K252204
                                                                                                                                  Page 3 of 7

Device                         Flashback Technologies                                             prolaio                       Comments
   Functionality                       CipherOx CRI M1                                eVO2peak Module
                                                                                                     (Version 1.0)
 Level of           Moderate1                                                               Basic Documentation Level1                    Same
 Concern
                                                                                                                   Same software
                                                                                                                                     documentation level
 Environment of   Hospital and prehospital settings                                    Ambulatory Settings                          Same
 Use
 Biosensor        Nonin non-invasive, finger-worn, pulse ox sensor                        Non-invasive chest-worn, single-lead ECG             Similar
 Requirements                                                                            biosensor with ECG 125 Hz or higher and triaxial
                                                                                             accelerometer 50 Hz or higher                      Non-invasive commercial
                                                                                                                                             medical biosensor devices
                                                                                                                                             provide input to
                                                                                                                                            computational algorithm for
                                                                                                                                                                   analysis
 Cardiovascular   SpO2                                                     eVO2peak                                             Similar
 Parameter         Pulse Rate
                 CRITM Algorithm                                                                                                              Different metrics but both
                                                                                                                                              intended to estimate clinical
                                                                                                                                                      physiologic cardiovascular
                                                                                                                                             parameters
 Software         Yes – CRITM Algorithm                                          Yes – eVO2peak                             Same

                 The CRI™ algorithm trends intravascular volume using non-invasive     eVO2peak estimates peak oxygen consumption.
                          arterial pulsatile waveform signals by continuously comparing extracted
                  waveforms to a reference model. CipherOx™ CRI system operates on
                     the photoplethysmograph (PPG) waveform used in pulse oximetry to
                      estimate CRI.
 Display            Yes.                                           No                                                     Similar

             M1 User Interface module is a small, portable, battery-powered                                                   eVO2peak Module does not
                     multiparameter monitor                                                                                                         include an interface or display
                                                                                                                                          but its outputs can be
                                                                                                                                                           integrated into such an
                                                                                                                                                            external system for display
 Patient            Adult (19 – 36 yrs)                                                   Adult                                     Same
 Population
 Alarm         No                                            No                                       Same
 Active Patient   No                                            No                                       Same
 Monitoring


1 “Minor”, “Moderate”, “Major” Levels of Concern has been replaced with “Basic” or “Enhanced” Documentation Levels in Guidance for Industry –
Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Function (2023).


                                                                                                                                       K252204
                                                                                                                                  Page 4 of 7

A detailed Substantial Equivalence Table is available in the submission, comparing device characteristics
including algorithmic methodology, input/output data types, performance metrics, system integration
pathways, and risk control measures.

SPECIAL CONTROLS

Adjunctive cardiovascular status indicator devices include several special controls, as follows:

 Control                                                                     Evidence

 Software description, verification, and validation based on comprehensive hazard
 analysis must be provided.

     Full characterization of technical parameters of the software, including any         Software Description
     proprietary algorithm(s)

     Description of the expected impact of all applicable sensor acquisition hardware    Software Description
      characteristics on performance and any associated hardware specifications

     Specification of acceptable incoming sensor data quality control measures          Software Description

     Mitigation of impact of user error or failure of any subsystem components (signal   Risk Analysis
     detection and analysis, data display, and storage) on accuracy of patient reports      Usability Assessment

 Scientific justification for the validity of the status indicator algorithm(s) must be       Device Description
 provided. Verification of algorithm calculations and validation testing of the
 algorithm using a data set separate from the training data must demonstrate the
 validity of modeling.

 Usability assessment must be provided to demonstrate that risk of misinterpretation     Usability Assessment
 of the status indicator is appropriately mitigated.

 Clinical data must be provided in support of the intended use.

    Output measure(s) must be compared to an acceptable reference method to         Validation Report
     demonstrate that the output measure(s) represent(s) the predictive measure(s)
     that the device provides in an accurate and reproducible manner

    The data set must be representative of the intended use population for the device.   Validation Report
    Any selection criteria or limitations of the samples must be fully described and
      justified

    Agreement of the measure(s) with the reference measure(s) must be assessed        Validation Report
     across the full measurement range;

    Data must be provided within the clinical validation study or using equivalent       Validation Report
     datasets to demonstrate the consistency of the output and be representative of the
     range of data sources and data quality likely to be encountered in the intended
     use population and relevant use conditions in the intended use environment

 Labeling

    The type of sensor data used, including specification of compatible sensors for     User Guide and
     data acquisition                                                                                Installation Manual
                                                    & User About Page

   A description of what the device measures and outputs to the user                 User Guide and
                                                                                                         Installation Manual
                                                    & User About Page


                                                                                               K252204
                                                                                           Page 5 of 7

Control                                                                     Evidence

    Warnings identifying sensor reading acquisition factors that may impact           User Guide and
    measurement results                                                                          Installation Manual
                                                    & User About Page

    Guidance for interpretation of the measurements, including warning(s)            User Guide and
     specifying adjunctive use of the measurements                                            Installation Manual
                                                    & User About Page

    Key assumptions made in the calculation and determination of measurements      User Guide and
                                                                                                         Installation Manual
                                                    & User About Page

    The measurement performance of the device for all presented parameters, with     User Guide and
     appropriate confidence intervals, and the supporting evidence for this                 Installation Manual
     performance

   A detailed description of the patients studied in the clinical validation (e.g., age,     User About Page
     gender, race/ethnicity, clinical stability) as well as procedural details of the
      clinical study


PERFORMANCE DATA

Risk Management:

The prolaio peak Module underwent risk analysis per ISO 14971. All residual risks post-mitigation were
evaluated as acceptable.

Cybersecurity:

Cybersecurity testing was conducted under the principles in FDA’s 2023 Cybersecurity Premarket Guidance.
The module includes encryption, access control, input validation, and logging as part of its secure product
development framework. All residual risks post-mitigation were evaluated as acceptable.

Human Factors Engineering (HFE):

Although the device lacks a user interface, HFE principles under IEC 62366 and FDA’s 2016 Applying
Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices were applied to ensure safe integration and
interpretation of outputs by clinical users. Documentation includes instructions for integration and intended
context of use. Evaluation supported that device users could safely use the device.

AI/ML Compliance:

The module was developed in accordance with FDA’s Good Machine Learning Practice (GMLP) principles.
Training and validation datasets were diverse and clinically representative of the target population. The
algorithm is locked and does not perform autonomous updates.

Software V&V

Verification and validation activities per IEC 62304 confirmed functional performance, scalability, and
compatibility to ensure that the use of the software fulfils the intended use without causing any unacceptable
risks.


                                                                                               K252204
                                                                                           Page 6 of 7

Clinical Validation:

Validation of prolaio eVO2peak was performed using data from patients undergoing cardiopulmonary
exercise tests (CPET) in a clinical study including multiple centers in the United States. Overall, 228 patients
were enrolled in multiple regions and were demographically diverse and representative of the intended
population. Performance of prolaio eVO2peak met the target accuracy, reliability/consistency, and bias
criteria.

 Results                                              Overall [95%CI]          Bike Modality [95%CI]
 Mean Error (Bias) (mL/kg/min)                           1.47 [0.55, 2.27]                 0.97 [0.01, 1.96]
 Mean Absolute Error (mL/kg/min)                        4.39 [3.82, 4.91]                 4.07 [3.52, 4.69]

CONCLUSIONS

The results from risk management, design control, and clinical testing support that the prolaio eVO2peak
Module is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The proposed device does not raise new questions
of safety or effectiveness compared to the predicate, or from differences to the predicate, for the proposed
indications for use.


                                                                                               K252204
                                                                                           Page 7 of 7