November 7, 2025

Imvaria, Inc.
℅ Dulciana Chan
Principal Consultant
RQM+
2790 Mosside Blvd
Monroeville, Pennsylvania 15146


Re: K252041
    Trade/Device Name:  Fibresolve (with PCCP)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2085
    Regulation Name: Radiology Software For Referral Of Findings Related To Fibrotic Lung Disease
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QWO
    Dated: October 10, 2025
    Received: October 14, 2025

Dear Dulciana Chan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252041 - Dulciana Chan                                                             Page  2


required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

K252041 - Dulciana Chan                                                             Page  3


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K252041

Device Name
Fibresolve (with PCCP)


Indications for Use (Describe)
Fibresolve is a software-only device that receives and analyzes lung computed tomography (CT) imaging data in order to
provide a diagnostic subtype classification in suspected cases of interstitial lung disease (ILD). The device supplements
the standard-of-care workflow by providing a qualitative, diagnostic classification output of imaging findings based on
machine learning pattern recognition, in order to provide adjunctive information as part of a referral pathway to an
appropriate Multidisciplinary Discussion (MDD) or as part of an MDD. Specifically, the tool is used to serve as an adjunct
in the diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) prior to invasive testing. The results of Fibresolve are intended to
be used only by clinicians qualified in the care of lung disease, specifically in caring for patients with ILD, in conjunction
with the patient’s clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well as the clinician’s professional judgment.

The input to Fibresolve must include a DICOM-compliant lung CT scan. Clinical case eligibility includes the following
criteria:
● Age > 22 years old.
● Pulmonary symptoms suggestive of possible ILD including IPF.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary

K252041 510(k) Summary

DATE PREPARED
November 7, 2025

MANUFACTURER AND 510(k) OWNER
IMVARIA, Inc.
2930 Domingo Ave #1496
Berkeley, CA 94705
Telephone:          (650) 683-9800
Official Contact:     Joshua Reicher, MD
                CEO

REPRESENTATIVE/CONSULTANT
Dulciana D. Chan, MSE
RQM+
2790 Mosside Blvd
Monroeville, PA 15146
Telephone: +1 (412) 816-8253
Email: dchan@rqmplus.com

DEVICE INFORMATION
Proprietary Name/Trade Name:     Fibresolve (with PCCP)
Common Name:                   Radiology software for referral of findings related to
                                         fibrotic lung disease
Regulation Number:             21 CFR 892.2085
Class:                                                   II
Product Code:            QWO
Review Panel:                     Radiology

PREDICATE DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
Fibresolve (with PCCP) is substantially equivalent to the following predicate:
 510(k) Number              Device/Manufacturer         Predicate/Reference
 DEN220040                    Fibresolve / Imvaria, Inc               Predicate

DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Fibresolve is a software system developed for qualitative disease assessment of DICOMcompliant chest computed tomography (CT) imaging. The software system is based on a
machine learning model component and a [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
based HTTP/1.1 Representational State Transfer (REST) software application programming
interfaces (APIs) to enable image transfer, analysis, and output of results.

The device consists of the following 3 components: (1) Image Receiver API for image acquisition
in the cloud; (2) Ingestion Pipeline and Analysis System for image processing and analysis; and
(3) Output API for device output transmission.

(1) The Image Receiver API is accessed via any DICOM-compliant system (e.g. PACS). The
hospital or clinic either accesses the API directly via secure software integration and submits
the images electronically; or the images are transmitted manually (e.g. by mail) to the device
manufacturer and the case is submitted to the device through the API directly by the
manufacturer. The API passes the images to the Ingestion Pipeline and Analysis System (2).

(2) (a) The Ingestion Pipeline and (b) Analysis System accept the images, select cases
appropriate for processing, process the images for analysis, and analyze the images. This
Analysis System includes the Fibresolve Model Inference Graph that generates the assessment
for the case. The final device output report data including identifying information and technical
details about the case data and a binary result stating whether the data are determined to be
suggestive for the target disease state.
  ●  The Ingestion Pipeline identifies applicable CT imaging series from the case and verifies
       that the series is valid, completes quality checks, and confirms adequacy for analysis.
  ●  The Fibresolve Model Inference Graph, the core component of the Analysis System, is an
      ensemble 3D deep learning model developed and trained using images from multiple
         facilities. Analysis System algorithm development phases included model pre-training,
      model training to the disease target, architecture optimization, threshold
       determination, and validation. No segmentation is performed as part of the Analysis
       System.

(3) The Output API transmits the Report data for the clinician to review. The Output API is
either integrated into the hospital or clinic notification software (e.g. electronic health record)
for electronic transmission or the device manufacturer transmits the Report in human-readable
format directly (e.g. via fax). The clinician then incorporates the device Report as part of
diagnostic decision-making.

The system does not include an image viewer or visual output for diagnostic use. The source
images are reviewed for subjective assessment prior to submission to the device using the
facility’s standard diagnostic viewer as part of routine standard-of-care and the source images
can be reassessed by the clinical team at any time before or after submission of the case to the
device. The system only assesses for the target disease described in the Intended Use and
does not replace imaging interpretation generally.

INDICATIONS FOR USE
Fibresolve is a software‐only device that receives and analyzes lung computed tomography (CT)
imaging data in order to provide a diagnostic subtype classification in suspected cases of
interstitial lung disease (ILD). The device supplements the standard‐of‐care workflow by
providing a qualitative, diagnostic classification output of imaging findings based on machine
learning pattern recognition, in order to provide adjunctive information as part of a referral
pathway to an appropriate Multidisciplinary Discussion (MDD) or as part of an MDD.
Specifically, the tool is used to serve as an adjunct in the diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary
fibrosis (IPF) prior to invasive testing. The results of Fibresolve are intended to be used only by
clinicians qualified in the care of lung disease, specifically in caring for patients with ILD, in
conjunction with the patient’s clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well as
the clinician’s professional judgment.

The input to Fibresolve must include a DICOM-compliant lung CT scan. Clinical case eligibility
includes the following criteria:
       ●  Age > 22 years old.
       ●  Pulmonary symptoms suggestive of possible ILD including IPF.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
Fibresolve (with PCCP) includes an update to the original Fibresolve device to include a
Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) for the Fibresolve device, including an Algorithm
Change Protocol (ACP) for the underlying Fibresolve Analysis Algorithm. The PCCP enables
updates to the underlying Analysis Algorithm.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate device is provided below.

                                   Subject Device                               Predicate Device               Comparison

                                  Fibresolve (with PCCP)                                Fibresolve                                    -
                                 K252041                             DEN220040

 Indications for      Fibresolve is a software‐only device that         Fibresolve is a software‐only device that      Same
 Use                 receives and analyzes lung computed            receives and analyzes lung computed
                  tomography (CT) imaging data in order to      tomography (CT) imaging data in order to
                    provide a diagnostic subtype classification in     provide a diagnostic subtype classification in
                    suspected cases of interstitial lung disease      suspected cases of interstitial lung disease
                         (ILD). The device supplements the standard-of‐   (ILD). The device supplements the standardcare workflow by providing a qualitative,        of‐care workflow by providing a qualitative,
                      diagnostic classification output of imaging       diagnostic classification output of imaging
                       findings based on machine learning pattern      findings based on machine learning pattern
                      recognition, in order to provide adjunctive       recognition, in order to provide adjunctive
                     information as part of a referral pathway to an   information as part of a referral pathway to
                     appropriate Multidisciplinary Discussion       an appropriate Multidisciplinary Discussion
                 (MDD) or as part of an MDD. Specifically, the   (MDD) or as part of an MDD. Specifically, the
                      tool is used to serve as an adjunct in the         tool is used to serve as an adjunct in the
                      diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF)   diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis
                       prior to invasive testing. The results of            (IPF) prior to invasive testing. The results of
                      Fibresolve are intended to be used only by       Fibresolve are intended to be used only by
                         clinicians qualified in the care of lung disease,    clinicians qualified in the care of lung disease,
                         specifically in caring for patients with ILD, in      specifically in caring for patients with ILD, in
                     conjunction with the patient’s clinical history,    conjunction with the patient’s clinical history,
                  symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well   symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well
                     as the clinician’s professional judgment.         as the clinician’s professional judgment.

                  The input to Fibresolve must include a DICOM‐  The input to Fibresolve is a DICOM‐compliant
                    compliant lung CT scan. Clinical case eligibility   lung CT scan. Clinical case eligibility includes
                      includes the following criteria:                 the following criteria:

Age > 22 years old.                        Age > 22 years old.
                 Pulmonary symptoms suggestive of possible    Pulmonary symptoms suggestive of possible
                    ILD including IPF.                               ILD including IPF.

User population     Clinicians qualified in the care of lung disease,    Clinicians qualified in the care of lung disease,  Same
                       specifically in caring for patients with ILD         specifically in caring for patients with ILD

Target Population  Age > 22 years old.                        Age > 22 years old.                     Same

Anatomical region  Chest                                       Chest                               Same
of interest

Scan type and      DICOM‐compliant lung CT scan               DICOM‐compliant lung CT scan             Same
protocol

Software Inputs    CT scan                                 CT scan                                          Similar

                      Potentially age, sex, and pulmonary function
                      tests (PFTs)

Segmentation of    No; device does not mark, annotate, or direct   No; device does not mark, annotate, or direct  Same
region               users’ attention to a specific location in the      users’ attention to a specific location in the
of interest           original image                                      original image

Algorithm         Machine learning pattern recognition          Machine learning pattern recognition        Same

Alteration of      No                                No                                 Same
original image

Data Displayed      Qualitative classification output of imaging       Qualitative classification output of imaging      Similar
                     findings                                          findings

                    Inputs that contribute to the diagnostic result

SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL TESTING
Software Verification and Validation (per IEC 62304) were performed to demonstrate safety
based on current industry standards. The results of these tests indicate that the subject device
is equivalent to the predicate device.

PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN
Fibresolve includes a predetermined change control plan (PCCP), detailing the specific
modifications (SaMD Pre-Specifications (SPS)) that may be made to the device and the specific
methods in place to achieve and appropriately control the risks of the anticipated types of
modifications (Algorithm Change Protocol (ACP)). The ACP outlines the process for data
management, model re-training, performance evaluation, and update procedures associated
with the change. The plan allows for modifications and updates to the underlying Analysis
Algorithm within a limited scope of changes, specifically model architecture modification,
introduction of new training data, and incorporation of ancillary inputs (while maintaining
original inputs). Changes are evaluated via pre-specified statistical analyses in-line with those as
part of the original device testing, to ensure, at minimum, non-inferior absolute performance,
and potential improvements in performance, training data, or generalizability.

Modification                   Rationale                       Testing Methods              Impact Assessment
Model architecture           With advancements in           Substantial                    Revised
modification                   underlying model architecture   equivalence as                    generalizability or
                             through new computer        compared to the                discriminatory capacity
                                science developments,           prior version.                   metrics for
                       new model training allows for    Statistical                     the system.
                           improvements in performance  assessments
                                    in terms of overall metrics as    following same                  Benefit-Risk Analysis:
                                well as consistency and speed.  standards used in                Benefit: Enhanced
                                                                       original device                performance;
                                                                 clearance.                         generalizability.
                                                                                                           Risk: Reduction in
                                                                                                                     clinical performance
                                                                                            or generalizability.

                                                                                                    Risk Mitigation:
                                                                                             Evaluate device
                                                                              model on Test
                                                                                             dataset metrics.
                                                                                        Execute unit and
                                                                                                   integration tests for
                                                                                         the product code.
Introduction of new training    With new training data, new     Substantial                    Revised
data                       model training allows for        equivalence as                    sensitivity and specificity
                           improvements in             compared to the               metrics for
                                    generalizability, robustness,     prior version.                  the system.
                          and reductions in biases,          Statistical
                            which                        assessments                     Benefit-Risk Analysis:
                               provides greater                following same                  Benefit: Enhanced
                                                             standards used in              performance;
                                                                       original device                    generalizability.

clinical value. Performance      clearance.                         Risk: Reduction in
                           improvements may also be                                              clinical performance
                               achieved.                                                     or generalizability.

                                                                                                    Risk Mitigation:
                                                                                             Evaluate device
                                                                              model on Test
                                                                                             dataset metrics.
                                                                                        Execute unit and
                                                                                                   integration tests for
                                                                                         the product code.
Incorporation of ancillary       Addition of non-imaging         Substantial                    Revised
inputs                             ancillary inputs into the model  equivalence as                    sensitivity and specificity
                               to improve overall            compared to the               metrics for
                            performance with model        prior version.                  the system.
                          component contributions         Statistical
                               displayed with the final result.   assessments                     Benefit-Risk Analysis:
                           improvements enhance         following same                  Benefit: Enhanced
                            performance and overall        standards used in              performance;
                                       clinical value.                     original device                    generalizability; explainability.
                                                              clearance                         Risk: Reduction in
                                                                                                                     clinical performance
                                                                                            or generalizability.

                                                                                                    Risk Mitigation:
                                                                                             Evaluate device
                                                                              model on Test
                                                                                             dataset metrics.
                                                                                        Execute unit and
                                                                                                   integration tests for
                                                                                         the product code.

CONCLUSION
The subject device and predicate devices are both intended to receive and analyze lung
computed tomography (CT) imaging data to provide a diagnostic subtype classification in
suspected cases of interstitial lung disease (ILD). Both devices supplement the standard‐of‐care
workflow by providing a qualitative, diagnostic classification output of imaging findings based
on machine learning pattern recognition, in order to provide adjunctive information as part of a
referral pathway to an appropriate Multidisciplinary Discussion (MDD). Both devices are used to
serve as an adjunct in the diagnosis of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) prior to invasive
testing. The subject device incorporates a predetermined change control plan (PCCP) where
changes are evaluated via pre-specified analyses to ensure non-inferior absolute performance
ensuring the device performs as intended in the specified use conditions and does not present
any new issues of safety or effectiveness. Thus, Fibresolve (with PCCP) is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.