Mighty Oak Medical
Mark Wylie
VP Quality and Regulatory                                     December 2, 2025
750 W. Hampden Ave
Suite 120
Englewood, Colorado 80110


Re: K252103
    Trade/Device Name: Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009); Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: October 30, 2025
    Received: October 30, 2025

Dear Mark Wylie:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252103 - Mark Wylie                                                                Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K252103 - Mark Wylie                                                                Page  3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K252103                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
 Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009);
 Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)

  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 Acorn 3D Software  is a modular image processing software intended for use as an interface for
 visualization of medical images, segmentation, treatment planning, and production of an output file.

 The Acorn 3D Segmentation module is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation
 system for the transfer of CT or CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn 3D Segmentation is also
 intended for measuring and treatment planning. The Acorn 3D Segmentation output can also be used for
 the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file using additive manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP
 Models. The physical replica can be used for diagnostic purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and
 craniomaxillofacial applications.

 The Acorn 3D Alignment and Measurement module contains registration capabilities and measurement
 functionality based on anatomical reference geometry.  It is intended to allow the user to align anatomical
 structures between datasets, perform spinopelvic measurements on 3D models of anatomy, and plan
 surgical procedures in pediatric and adult patients.

 Acorn 3D Software and 3DP Models should be used in conjunction with expert clinical judgment.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  Z Prescription Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                                                           [  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I

K252103


510(K) SUMMARY


                           Acorn 3D Alignment & Measurement

Submitter:
 Mighty Oak Medical
 750 W. Hampden Ave., Suite 120
 Englewood, CO 80110
  (720) 398-9703

 Contact:            Mark A. Wylie, VP of Quality and Regulatory
 Date Prepared:       29OCT2025

Device

 Trade Name:         Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009), Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)
 Common Name:     Image processing system
 Device Classification:  Class II
 Regulation, Name:    21 CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Device Product Code: QIH, LLZ

Type of 510(k)

        Original Submission: Traditional.

Predicate Device(s):
      Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Model

           510(k)    Product Code               Trade Name                  Manufacturer
         Primary Predicate Device
         K234009     QIH, LLZ        Acorn 3D Software & 3DP Model      Mighty Oak Medical
        Subsequent Predicate Device
         K240582     QIH, LLZ           VEA Align; spineEOS             EOS Imaging

Introduction

This 510(k) filing seeks to expand the indications for use of the previously cleared Acorn 3D
Software (K234009) to include registration capabilities and measurement functionality based on
anatomical reference geometry. This submission includes the Acorn 3D Alignment &
Measurement module as a new extension of the Acorn 3D Software.

Acorn 3D Software is a modular and multi-functional software suite. The subject device, Acorn
3D Alignment & Measurement module, builds on the functions and capabilities of the Acorn 3D
Software (predicate), specifically image segmentation and the transfer of imaging information
from a medical scanner to an output file. Acorn 3D Alignment & Measurement module allows
the user to align anatomical structures between datasets, perform spinopelvic measurements on
3D models of anatomy, and plan surgical procedures.


Page 1

Description

Acorn 3D Software is an image processing software that allows the user to import, visualize and
segment medical images, check and correct the segmentations, and create digital 3D models.
The models can be used in Acorn 3D Software for measuring, treatment planning and producing
an output file to be used for additive manufacturing (3D printing). Acorn 3D Software is
structured as a modular package.


This includes the following functionality:
   Importing medical images in DICOM format
   Viewing images and DICOM data
   Selecting a region of interest using generic segmentation tools
   Segmenting specific anatomy using dedicated semi-automatic tools or fully automatic
    algorithms
   Verifying and editing a region of interest
   Calculating a digital 3D model and editing the model
   Measuring on images and 3D models
   Exporting 3D models to third-party packages
   Image registration
The Acorn 3D Segmentation module contains both machine learning based auto segmentation
as well as semi-automatic and manual segmentation tools. The auto-segmentation tool is only
intended to be used for thoracic and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12 and L1-L5) and the
pelvis (sacrum). Semi-automatic and manual segmentation tools are intended to be used for all
musculoskeletal anatomy.
                       Automatic                Semi-Automatic                Manual
                                 A combination of
                 Algorithmic with little or no                                        Directly controlled by a
  Definition                                       algorithmic and direct
                  direct human control                              human
                                   human control
              Machine Learning algorithm                                                Algorithmic based tools that
               used to automatically                                 Manual tools requiring user
 Tool Type                            do not incorporate machine
              segment individual vertebrae                                     input.
                                                    learning.
             and the pelvis
                                                Musculoskeletal &             Musculoskeletal &
                                                  craniomaxillofacial bone:      craniomaxillofacial bone:
                  Spinal anatomy:
                                                       Short                          Short
 Anatomical      Thoracic (T1-T12)
                                                       Long                          Long
 Location (s)      Lumbar (L1-L5)
                                                        Flat                             Flat                    Sacrum
                                                       Sesamoid                     Sesamoid
                                                        Irregular                        Irregular

Acorn 3DP Model is an additively manufactured physical replica of the virtual 3D model
generated in Acorn 3D Segmentation. The output file from Acorn 3D Segmentation is used to
additively manufacture the Acorn 3DP Model.

The Acorn 3D Alignment and Measurement module contains registration capabilities and
spinopelvic measurement functionality. It is intended to align spinopelvic anatomical structures
between datasets. The module allows the user to perform spinopelvic measurements on 3D
models of anatomy, and to plan surgical procedures.

Indications for Use

Acorn 3D Software is a modular image processing software intended for use as an interface for
visualization of medical images, segmentation, treatment planning, and production of an
output file.
The Acorn 3D Segmentation module is intended for use as a software interface and image
segmentation system for the transfer of CT or CTA medical images to an output file. Acorn 3D


Page 2

Segmentation is also intended for measuring and treatment planning. The Acorn 3D
Segmentation output can also be used for the fabrication of physical replicas of the output file
using additive manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The physical replica can be used for
diagnostic purposes in the field of musculoskeletal and craniomaxillofacial applications.
The Acorn 3D Alignment and Measurement module contains registration capabilities and
measurement functionality based on anatomical reference geometry. It is intended to allow the
user to align anatomical structures between datasets, perform spinopelvic measurements on 3D
models of anatomy, and plan surgical procedures in pediatric and adult patients.
Acorn 3D Software and 3DP Models should be used in conjunction with expert clinical judgment.

Materials
The manufactured components of the Acorn 3DP Model are manufactured from a polymer
powder for use in additive manufacturing (HP 3D High Reusability PA12).

Performance Data

Software verification and validation were performed and documentation was provided
following the “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices”. This includes verification against defined requirements and validation against
user needs. Both end-user validation and bench testing were performed.

The accuracy of alignments and measurements completed within the subject device, Acorn 3D
Alignment & Measurement module, was assessed via bench testing. Accuracy of anatomical
structure alignment and resulting spinopelvic measurements were evaluated both qualitatively
and quantitatively. Quantitative measurement results demonstrate registration accuracy
equivalent to the predicate device.

Quantitative bench testing was performed for alignment of 3D models to planar x-rays
separately for two different x-ray techniques: slot beam and cone beam. For each sample
(individual aligned vertebra), a Target Registration Error (TRE) was generated for a series of
anatomical landmark points as the distance in mm between test alignments and ground truth.
Alignment accuracy was assessed as the Median and 3rd Quartile TRE among all landmark
points for each x-ray technique, as summarized below:

                  X-Ray Technique        Median TRE (mm)             3rd Quartile TRE (mm)
                             Slot Beam                     1.70                          2.74
                  Cone Beam                    4.33                          5.58

In conclusion, all performance testing conducted demonstrated device performance and
substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

Technological Characteristics

Acorn 3D Software is a standalone modular software package. This software package includes,
but is not limited to, the following functions:
   Image import
           Importing medical images in DICOM format (e.g., CT and CTA)
   Image Processing
           Processing of images with common noise-reduction filters
           Editing of spatial arrangement of images
    Visualization
          Viewing images and DICOM data
   Segmentation
           Selecting a region of interest using generic segmentation tools


Page 3

  Segmenting specific anatomy using dedicated semi-automatic tools
              Segmenting specific vertebral anatomy using machine-learning-based fully
             automatic algorithms
               Verifying and editing a region of interest
      Data Export
              Output information is exported in a machine-readable format (e.g., JSON and STL)
     3D Models
               Calculating a digital 3D model and editing the model
              Smoothing a 3D model
               Importing 3D models
      Treatment Planning
               Importing of third-party STLs to visualize planned interactions with anatomy as
             represented in DICOM images
      Other features
               Using a collection of images and masks as a training dataset for machine-learning
             segmentation algorithm
               Pedicle Screw Placement

        Registration

              Alignment of anatomical structures between datasets
      Measurement
              Measuring on images and 3D models
              Standard and generic 3D measurements of spinopelvic anatomy based on userdefined reference geometry

    Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table

  Device→             Acorn 3D Software                   Acorn 3D Software               spineEOS / VEA Align
   Features↓                   (K252103)                              (K234009)                         (K240582)

Trade Name    Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009);      Acorn 3D Software (AC-SEG-4009);     VEA Align; spineEOS
               Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)          Acorn 3DP Model (AC-101-XX)

Common      Image processing system             Image processing system             Automated Radiological
Name                                                                         Image Processing Software

Premarket      K252103                             K234009                             K240582
notification

Manufacturer   Mighty Oak Medical                   Mighty Oak Medical                EOS Imaging

Indications for   Acorn 3D Software is a modular image                                 VEA Align:
Use Statement   processing software intended for use                                                        This cloud-based software is
               as an interface for visualization of                                            intended for orthopedic
               medical images, segmentation,                                                  applications in both
                treatment planning, and production of                                             pediatric and adult
             an output file.                                                                    populations.
                                                                           2D X-ray images acquired in
               The Acorn 3D Segmentation module is   Acorn Segmentation is intended for     EOS imaging’s imaging
               intended for use as a software          use as a software interface and image   systems is the foundation
                 interface and image segmentation      segmentation system for the transfer of  and resource to display the
                system for the transfer of CT or CTA      CT or CTA medical images to an          interactive landmarks
               medical images to an output file.        output file. Acorn Segmentation is also   overlayed on the frontal
              Acorn 3D Software is also intended for    intended for measuring and treatment  and lateral images. These
               measuring and treatment planning.      planning. The Acorn Segmentation      landmarks are available for
               The Acorn 3D Segmentation output      output can also be used for the           users to assess patientcan also be used for the fabrication of   fabrication of physical replicas of the     specific global alignment.
                 physical replicas of the output file       output file using additive
                                                                                                      For additional assessment,                 using additive manufacturing           manufacturing methods, Acorn 3DP
                                                                                          alignment parameters               methods, Acorn 3DP Models. The        Models. The physical replica can be
                                                                           compared to published                 physical replica can be used for        used for diagnostic purposes in the


   Page 4

Device→             Acorn 3D Software                   Acorn 3D Software               spineEOS / VEA Align
   Features↓                   (K252103)                              (K234009)                         (K240582)
                 diagnostic purposes in the field of          field of musculoskeletal and            normative values may be
                 musculoskeletal and                     craniomaxillofacial applications.         available.
                  craniomaxillofacial applications.                                                             This product serves as a tool
               The Acorn 3D Alignment and                                                      to aid in the analysis of
              Measurement module contains                                                       spinal deformities and
                   registration capabilities and                                                 degenerative diseases, and
              measurement functionality based on                                           lower limb alignment
               anatomical reference geometry. It is                                                disorders and deformities
                intended to allow the user to align                                            through precise angle and
               anatomical structures between                                                  length measurements. It is
                  datasets, perform spinopelvic                                                        suitable for use with adult
              measurements on 3D models of                                      and pediatric patients aged
               anatomy, and plan surgical                                                 7 years and older.
               procedures in pediatric and adult                                                      Clinical judgment and
                   patients.                           Acorn Segmentation and 3DP Models    experience are required to
              Acorn 3D Software and 3DP Models      should be used in conjunction with       properly use the software.
                should be used in conjunction with       expert clinical judgment.                spineEOS:
                expert clinical judgment.
                                                                                        spineEOS is indicated for
                                                                                                                  assisting healthcare
                                                                                                        professionals with
                                                                                             preoperative planning of
                                                                                                 spine surgeries. The product
                                                                                               provides access to EOS
                                                                                   images with associated 3D
                                                                                              datasets and
                                                                                      measurements. spineEOS
                                                                                                  includes surgical planning
                                                                                                             tools that enable users to
                                                                                               define a patient specific
                                                                                                          surgical strategy.

General        Acorn 3D Software is an image         Acorn Segmentation is image           spineEOS is indicated for
intended use    processing software that allows the      processing software that allows the        assisting healthcare
                 user to import, visualize and segment     user to import, visualize and segment     professionals with
               medical images, check and correct     medical images, check and correct     preoperative planning of
                the segmentations, conduct surgical     the segmentations, and create digital    spine surgeries. The product
                 planning, and create and manipulate   3D models.                             provides access to EOS
                    digital 3D models.                                                      images with associated 3D
                                                                                              datasets and
                                                                                      measurements. spineEOS
                                                                                                  includes surgical planning
                                                                                                             tools that enable users to
                                                                                               define a patient specific
                                                                                                          surgical strategy.

Product         System, Image processing,              System, Image processing,              System, Image processing,
Classification    Radiological                            Radiological                            Radiological

Regulatory       Class II                                  Class II                                  Class II
Class

Regulation      892.2050                               892.2050                               892.2050
Number

Product Code   QIH and LLZ                        QIH and LLZ                        QIH and LLZ

Device         Acorn 3D Software is an image         Acorn Segmentation is an image       VEA Align is a software
Description      processing software that allows the      processing software that allows the      indicated for assisting
                 user to import, visualize and segment     user to import, visualize and segment    healthcare professionals
               medical images, check and correct     medical images, check and correct      with global alignment
                the segmentations, and create digital    the segmentations, and create digital    assessment through clinical
             3D models. The models can be used in  3D models. The models can be used in   parameters computation.
              Acorn 3D for measuring, treatment      Acorn Segmentation for measuring,
                planning and producing an output file   treatment planning and producing an


   Page 5

Device→             Acorn 3D Software                   Acorn 3D Software               spineEOS / VEA Align
   Features↓                   (K252103)                              (K234009)                         (K240582)
                 to be used for additive manufacturing   output file to be used for additive       The product uses biplanar
               (3D printing). Acorn 3D Software is       manufacturing (3D printing). Acorn     2D X-ray images, exclusively
                 structured as a modular package.      Segmentation is structured as a         generated by EOS imaging's
                                                 modular package.                 EOS (K152788) and
                     This includes the following functionality:   This includes the following functionality:  EOSedge (K202394) systems
                                                                          and generates an initial
                     Importing medical images in             Importing medical images in                                                                                  placement of the patient
               DICOM format                   DICOM format                                                                                  anatomic landmarks on the
                     Viewing images and DICOM data        Viewing images and DICOM                                                                                   images using a machine
                      Selecting a region of interest using       data                                                                                             learning-based algorithm.
                    generic segmentation tools              Selecting a region of interest                                                                                       The user may adjust the
                     Segmenting specific anatomy            using generic segmentation tools                                                                                        landmarks to align with the
                      using dedicated semi-automatic        Segmenting specific anatomy                                                                                                            patient's anatomy.
                        tools or fully automatic algorithms         using dedicated semi-automatic                                                                                 Landmark locations require
                      Verifying and editing a region of           tools or fully automatic algorithms                                                                                                    user validation. The clinical
                         interest                                    Verifying and editing a region of                                                                                       parameters communicated
                     Calculating a digital 3D model             interest                                                                                                   to the user are inferred from
                and editing the model                    Calculating a digital 3D model                                                                                            the landmarks and are
                     Measuring on images and 3D         and editing the model                                                                                             recalculated as the user
                  models                                    Measuring on images and 3D                                                                                                        adjusts the landmarks. 3D
                      Exporting 3D models to third-party       models                                                                                              datasets may be exported
                  packages                                 Exporting 3D models to third-party                                                                                                                   for use in spineEOS for
                     Image registration                   packages                                                                                                          surgical planning.
               The Acorn 3D Segmentation module                                                                                       The product is hosted on a
                contains both machine learning based  Acorn Segmentation contains both                                                                                       cloud infrastructure and
               auto segmentation as well as semi-     machine learning based auto                                                                                                                           relies on VEA Portal for
               automatic and manual segmentation   segmentation as well as semi-                                                                                              support capabilities, such as
                    tools. The auto-segmentation tool is      automatic and manual segmentation                                                                                                    user access control and
                 only intended to be used for thoracic     tools. The auto-segmentation tool is                                                                                  data access. 2D X-ray
             and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12   only intended to be used for thoracic                                                                              image transmissions from
             and L1-L5). Semi-automatic and       and lumbar regions of the spine (T1-T12                                                                                           healthcare institutions to the
              manual segmentation tools are        and L1-L5). Semi-automatic and                                                                                       cloud are managed by VEA
               intended to be used for all            manual segmentation tools are                                                                                                                Portal. VEA Portal is a Class I
                 musculoskeletal anatomy.              intended to be used for all                                                                                           510(k)-exempt device
               Acorn 3DP Model is an additively        musculoskeletal anatomy.               (LMD).
              manufactured physical replica of the    Acorn 3DP Model is an additively                                                                                        spineEOS is a software
                     virtual 3D model generated in Acorn    manufactured physical replica of the                                                                                              indicated for assisting
             3D Segmentation. The output file from     virtual 3D model generated in Acorn                                                                                           healthcare professionals
               Acorn 3D Segmentation is used to       Segmentation. The output file from                                                                                                   with preoperative planning
                  additively manufacture the Acorn 3DP   Acorn Segmentation is used to                                                                                                     of spine surgeries. EOS
               Model.                                   additively manufacture the Acorn 3DP                                                                                   images (generated from
               The Acorn 3D Alignment and           Model.                          EOS imaging’s acquisition
              Measurement module contains                                                 system) and associated 3D
                   registration capabilities and                                                    datasets are used as inputs
                 spinopelvic measurement                                                         of the software. The product
                   functionality. It is intended to align                                    manages clinical
                 spinopelvic anatomical structures                                         measurements and allows
              between datasets. The module allows                                             user to access surgical
                 the user to perform spinopelvic                                                planning tools to define a
              measurements on 3D models of                                                  patient specific surgical
               anatomy, and to plan surgical                                                        strategy. The product is
                procedures.                                                                  indicated for adolescent
                                                                          and adult patients.

Intended User    The Acorn 3D Segmentation module    Acorn Segmentation can be used by    spineEOS is a software
             can be used by biomedical engineers   biomedical engineers or personnel       indicated for assisting
                  or personnel equivalent by training or    equivalent by training or experience.    healthcare professionals
                 experience. Their results should be        Their results should be used in            with preoperative planning
               used in conjunction with expert         conjunction with expert clinical           of spine surgeries.
                     clinical judgement.                   judgement.
               The Acorn 3D Alignment &
              Measurement module is intended for


   Page 6

Device→             Acorn 3D Software                   Acorn 3D Software               spineEOS / VEA Align
   Features↓                   (K252103)                              (K234009)                         (K240582)
               use by medical professionals, such as
                   clinicians and surgeons, who are
                 trained in spinal procedures and the
                  interpretation of diagnostic imaging.

Technological   Acorn 3D Software is a standalone      Acorn Segmentation is a standalone     spineEOS / VEA Align
characteristics   modular software package. This        modular software package. This          includes the following
                 software package includes, but is not    module includes, but is not limited to      functionality:
                   limited to the following functions:        the following functions:
              Acorn 3D - Segmentation
             Image Import                      Image Import                      Image Import
                      Importing medical images in            Importing medical images in            Import of medical data
               DICOM format                  DICOM format                        Visualization
             Image Processing                  Image Processing                              Display of data
                      Processing of images with               Processing of images with               Switching of view
               common noise-reduction filters       common noise-reduction filters           orientation
                       Editing of spatial arrangement of         Editing of spatial arrangement of         Basic manipulation
                   images                            images                              (zoom, panning,
                                                                                                    annotations)                   Visualization                                Visualization
                                                                                Measurement                      Viewing images and DICOM data      Viewing images and DICOM data
                                                                                                              Distance and angle               Segmentation                       Segmentation
                                                                                      measurements on 2D
                       Selecting a region of interest             Selecting a region of interest           images and 3D models
                      using generic segmentation tools        using generic segmentation tools                                                                                                               Clinical Parameters:
                      Segmenting specific anatomy          Segmenting specific anatomy          •   Pelvic Tilt (PT)
                      using dedicated semi-automatic         using dedicated semi-automatic        •   Sacral Slope (SS)
                        tools                                        tools                              •   Pelvic Incidence
                      Segmenting specific vertebral           Segmenting specific vertebral                     (PI)
                 anatomy using machine-learning-      anatomy using machine-learning-       •   Pelvic Obliquity
                  based fully automatic algorithms       based fully automatic algorithms             (PO)
                       Verifying and editing a region of         Verifying and editing a region of        •    Sagittal Vertical
                         interest                                      interest                                           Axis (SVA)
              Measurement                      Measurement                           •   C7-CSL
                      Measuring on images and 3D           Measuring on images and 3D           •    PI-LL
                                                                                     •   T1 Pelvic Angle                   models                            models
                                                                                                            (TPA)
             Image Export                      Image Export                                                                                     •  Cobb Angle
                       Exporting images and 3D models         Exporting images and 3D models        •   Kyphosis/Lordosis
                      to third-party packages                  to third-party packages                    Angle
             3D Models                       3D Models                              •   Knee
                                                                                                                Flexion/Extension
                      Calculating a digital 3D model          Calculating a digital 3D model                                                                                              Angle
                 and editing the model              and editing the model                                                                                     •    Lordosis
                      Smoothing a 3D model                  Smoothing a 3D model                                                                                             Percentage
                      Importing 3D models                    Importing 3D models                                                                                                                            Distributions
                Treatment Planning                    Treatment Planning                      •    Spondylolisthesis
                      Importing of third-party STLs to           Importing of third-party STLs to              grade (i.e.,
                         visualize planned interactions with         visualize planned interactions with            Slippage
                 anatomy as represented in           anatomy as represented in                 percentage)
               DICOM images                  DICOM images                      Registration
                Other features                        Other features                                  Initial placement of
                 Using a collection of images and         Using a collection of images and           anatomic landmarks
               masks as a training dataset for          masks as a training dataset for             on images using a
                machine-learning segmentation         machine-learning segmentation              machine-learningalgorithm                               algorithm                             based algorithm
                                                                                                              3D reconstruction
                                                                                  model initialized by AI
              Acorn 3D – Alignment and                                                           algorithm
              Measurement                                                                             Manual deformation of
                  Registration                                                                                    resulting 3D model
                                                                                               through control points


   Page 7

Device→             Acorn 3D Software                   Acorn 3D Software               spineEOS / VEA Align
   Features↓                   (K252103)                              (K234009)                         (K240582)
                      Alignment of anatomical                                                             Verification of
                        structures between datasets                                                 deformation result by
              Measurement                                                              matching accurately
                                                                                                 the X-ray contours
                      Standard and generic 3D
                  measurements of spinopelvic                                       Data Export
                 anatomy based on user-defined                                          Export of medical data
                     reference geometry

Machine-       The Acorn 3D Segmentation module     The Acorn 3D Segmentation module    N/A
Learning       automates the segmentation of        automates the segmentation of
Algorithms       particular anatomy (listed in IFU) by       particular anatomy (listed in IFU) by
               implementing a 3D U-Net machine      implementing a 3D U-Net machine
                 learning model. Segmentation of the     learning model. Segmentation of the
              images is completed by generating an  images is completed by generating an
                 input image that is preprocessed         input image that is preprocessed
               (image processing methods) and then   (image processing methods) and then
                            is run through an analysis (encoder)          is run through an analysis (encoder)
               path and a synthesis (decoder) path.    path and a synthesis (decoder) path.
            When the image is going through the   When the image is going through the
                  analysis path, the model is learning by    analysis path, the model is learning by
                 focusing on new information             focusing on new information
               presented and by dynamically          presented and by dynamically
                 learning which information from the      learning which information from the
             image is the most useful. The image     image is the most useful. The image
               then goes through the synthesis path in   then goes through the synthesis path in
               which the model recovers spatial       which the model recovers spatial
                  resolution and focus on salient features   resolution and focus on salient features
                 that the analysis path coded. The        that the analysis path coded. The
               parameters of the model were          parameters of the model were
               obtained through an algorithm         obtained through an algorithm
              development pipeline.               development pipeline.

Machine-       Acorn 3D – Segmentation              Acorn Segmentation                N/A
Learning                      Vertebral model (T1-T12, L1-L5)           Vertebral model (T1-T12, L1-L5)
Models                      Sacral model

Bone Model     The Acorn 3D Segmentation output      The Acorn Segmentation output can    N/A
             can be used for the fabrication of      be used for the fabrication of physical
                 physical replicas of the output file         replicas of the output file using
                 using additive manufacturing            additive manufacturing methods. The
               methods. The physical replica can be    physical replica can be used for
               used for diagnostic purposes and/or     diagnostic purposes and/or
                 intraoperative reference of anatomy     intraoperative reference of anatomy
                     in the field of orthopedic and               in the field of orthopedic and
                 musculoskeletal applications.            musculoskeletal applications.

   Predetermined Change Control Plan (cleared as part of K234009)

   The Acorn 3D Software uses an algorithm derived from machine learning (ML) to segment bony
   anatomy from CT or CTA images. Mighty Oak Medical will make future algorithm improvements
   under a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP; cleared as part of K234009 – no changes
  made to the PCCP as part of K252103). In that plan, a protocol is provided to mitigate the risks of
   the algorithm changes leading to changes in the device’s technical specifications or negatively
    affecting performance specifications directly associated with the indications for use of the
   device. Changes made under this PCCP are detailed in the table below. In accordance with
   the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be trained, tuned, and locked prior to release of the
    software.


   Page 8

Modification                                                  Rationale

Additional implementation   The sacrum is important to the spinopelvic pre-surgical planning workflow; auto-segmentation
of Sacral model              of the sacrum is intended to increase the speed and accuracy of the software.

 Machine-Learning Model Performance Testing

 Acorn 3D utilizes a machine learning algorithm to assist in the segmentation of regions of interest,
 with a primary focus on segmenting vertebrae from the spine in DICOM images. The algorithm
 produces segmentations using a convolutional neural network called U-Net, which is trained on
 qualified ground truth data. The software contains two models: a vertebral model, trained on
 vertebral levels T1-T12 and L1-L5, and a sacral model, trained on the sacrum alone.

 Quantitative accuracy testing of machine-learning models was performed by direct comparison
 of model outputs with corresponding ground-truth segmentations by DICE similarity coefficient
 (DSC), a well-established metric for measuring the spatial overlap of two objects.

                                       N                        Acceptance
                                                                  Adult /                       Mean
      Model           Testing Dataset     Cases   (Lumbar /        M / F         Criteria                                                           Peds                          DSC
                                                     Thoracic)                        (Threshold DSC)

                         In-House                    450
                                          35                 15 / 20   12 / 23                      0.9331
                   (Mighty Oak Medical)            (139 / 311)     Vertebral
                                                                          > 0.88375
    (T1-T12, L1-L5)                                    401
                      VERSE ‘20          36                  36 / 0    22 / 14                     0.94451
                                                     (144 / 257)

                         In-House                    40
       Sacral                              40                 20 / 20   13 / 27     > 0.96045      0.96630
                   (Mighty Oak Medical)              (N/A)

 Machine-Learning Testing Data Image Acquisition

 The equipment and protocol to collect images for the Mighty Oak Medical Database are as
 follows:
      1.  Scan Type: Helical/Spiral
      2.  Slice Thickness: Do not exceed 1.25 mm
      3.  Slice Spacing: Do not exceed Slice Thickness
      4.  DFOV: Do not exceed 500 mm
      5.  Scan Matrix: 512x512

 The equipment and protocol for publicly-available VERSE ’20 dataset are as follows:

     Inclusion criteria:

      1.  Patients > 30 years of age
      2. No history of bone metastases

    CT scanners:

      1.  Philips Brilliance 64 iCT 256 and IQon
      2.  Philips Medical Care
      3.  Siemens Somatom Definition AS and AS+
      4.  Siemens Healthineers

    Imaging parameters:

      1.  Scan Type: Helical/Spiral
      2.  Peak Tube Voltage: 120 kVP
      3.  Slice Thickness: 0.9 – 1.0 mm


 Page 9

4.  Tube Load: Adaptive


Machine-Learning Clinical Subgroups and Confounders

The dataset is anonymized, so available patient demographics are limited to age and gender,
which were adequately represented by the data. Major factors that could confound algorithm
performance include morphology (abnormal anatomy), bone quality and density, imaging
quality, and the presence of orthopedic hardware. To address these, cases were limited to those
that met the imaging criteria given above, and cases with hardware in the region of interest and
abnormal anatomies were excluded from testing. Testing included clinical subgroups such as
degenerative spinal disease, scoliosis, and DiGeorge syndrome.

Machine-Learning Ground Truth and Data Independence

Both in-house (Mighty Oak Medical) and publicly-available (VERSE ’20, CTPelvic1K) datasets are
produced by highly-trained experts and verified by feedback loops of expert review and
manual editing and correction. Mighty Oak Medical segmentations are produced on clinical
cases by operators who have undergone extensive classroom training and tests for efficacy,
with an established track record of creating accurate segmentations in support of the FIREFLY
Pedicle Screw Navigation Guide (K181399, K162419, and K143222).

The VERSE ’20 and CTPelvic1K datasets are widely accepted as ground truth, with three levels of
annotation and expert review (by medical and/or graduate students, radiology fellows, and
finally a senior consultant), and being used in support of public machine-learning segmentation
research.

To ensure the independence of the test data from the training data, the full training data was
collected first and a k-fold was applied during training to randomly generate tuning data. Once
the training-tuning was completed, an entirely new random dataset was selected from the
Mighty Oak Medical database that excluded cases that were used for the training/tuning
dataset. The VERSE ’20 dataset was used exclusively for testing, and was not included in the
training/tuning dataset. Conversely, the CTPelvic1K dataset was used exclusively in training and
tuning, and was not used for testing. A summary breakdown of datasets used for training, tuning,
and testing for each model is provided in the table below.

       Model               Testing Dataset             Training               Tuning                  Testing

                               In-House
                                                    147                 55                   35
                         (Mighty Oak Medical)
       Vertebral
      (T1-T12, L1-L5)            VERSE ‘20                0                   0                    36

                                     Total                 147                 55                   71

                               In-House
                                                    104                 47                   40
                         (Mighty Oak Medical)
         Sacral
                              CTPelvic1K               100                 55                    0

                                     Total                 204                 102                   40

Conclusion

The Acorn 3D Software’s Alignment & Measurement module possesses the same intended use
and technological characteristics as the predicate devices. Therefore, the Acorn 3D Alignment
& Measurement module is substantially equivalent for its intended use.


Page 10