Peek Health, S.A.
Sara Silva
Chief Quality Officer (CQO)
                                                           November 12, 2025Centro de Negócios Ideia Atlântico, Rua Padres Carmelitas
Braga, 4719-005
Portugal

Re: K252452
    Trade/Device Name: PeekMed web
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: October 2, 2025
    Received: October 2, 2025

Dear Sara Silva:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252452 - Sara Silva                                                                 Page  2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252452 - Sara Silva                                                                 Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K252452                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
IPeekMed web


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 PeekMed web is a system designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative planning for
 several surgical procedures, based on their imported patients' imaging studies. Experience in usage and a
 clinical assessment is necessary for the proper use of the system in the revision and approval of the output
 of the planning. The multi-platform system works with a database of digital representations related to
 surgical materials supplied by their manufacturers.

 This medical device consists of a decision support tool for qualified healthcare professionals to quickly and
 efficiently perform the pre-operative planning for several surgical procedures, using medical imaging with
 the additional capability of planning the 2D or 3D environment. The system is designed for the medical
 specialties within surgery and no specific use environment is mandatory, whereas the typical use
 environment is a room with a computer. The patient target group is adult patients who have an injury or
 disability diagnosed previously. There are no other considerations for the intended patient population.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  Z Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                      D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web                                     K252452


                         510(k) summary


This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements
of 21 CFR 807.92.

    1. Submitter
    Peek Health, S.A.
     Centro de Negócios Ideia Atlântico
    Rua Padres Carmelitas
     4719-005 Braga
     Portugal


     Contact Person:              Sara Silva
                                     Chief Quality Officer (CQO)
                                     Email: regulatory@peekmed.com
                                        Office number: + 351 253 128 941


     Date Summary Prepared:      October 31, 2025

    2. Device

     2.1 PeekMed web

     Trade Name:              PeekMed web
    Common or Usual Name:      Medical image management and processing system
      Classification Name:           System, Image Processing, Radiological
                                    (21 C.F.R. § 892.2050)
     Regulatory Class:             Class II
     Product Code:                QIH, LLZ


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web
                                                                      Page 1

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


3. Legally Marketed Predicate Device

3.1 PeekMed web

       510(k)                   Product Name                    Clearance Date

     K251096                 PeekMed web                          July 14, 2025


4. Device Description Summary

PeekMed web is a system designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative planning
for several surgical procedures, based on their imported patients’ imaging studies. Experience in
usage and a clinical assessment are necessary for the proper use of the system in the revision and
approval of the output of the planning.

The multi-platform system works with a database of digital representations related to surgical
materials supplied by their manufacturers.

As the PeekMed web  is capable of representing medical images in a 2D or 3D environment,
performing relevant measurements on those images, and also capable of adding templates, it can
then provide a total overview of the surgery. Being software, it does not interact with any part of the
body of the user and/or patient.


5. Intended Use/Indications for Use

PeekMed web is a system designed to help healthcare professionals carry out pre-operative planning
for several surgical procedures, based on their imported patients’ imaging studies. Experience in
usage and a clinical assessment are necessary for the proper use of the system in the revision and
approval of the output of the planning. The multi-platform system works with a database of digital
representations related to surgical materials supplied by their manufacturers.

This medical device consists of a decision support tool for qualified healthcare professionals to
quickly and efficiently perform the pre-operative planning for several surgical procedures, using
medical imaging with the additional capability of planning the 2D or 3D environment. The system is
designed for the medical specialties within surgery, and no specific use environment is mandatory,
whereas the typical use environment is a room with a computer. The patient target group is adult
patients who have an injury or disability diagnosed previously. There are no other considerations for
the intended patient population.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                       Page 2

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


5.1. Contraindications


No contraindications specific to this device.


5.2 Indications for Use Comparison

There are NO differences between the indications for use of this device and its predicate.


6. Technological Comparison to Predicate

The PeekMed web was compared to its respective predicate device in intended use, indications for
use, design, function, and technology, and it was demonstrated that they are substantially equivalent.
Any technological differences within this 510(k), between the subject device and the predicate
device, do not impact substantial equivalence, or safety and effectiveness.

The subject device and its predicate are both medical software that allow healthcare professionals to
perform orthopedic pre-surgical planning efficiently in the musculoskeletal system of adults in a
healthcare environment, therefore sharing the same intended use, intended user, and intended
patient population. To properly and fully use both devices, clinical judgment and experience are
mandatory.

Compared to the predicate device, the subject device includes updates to existing ML variants and

the introduction of new ML variants, such as the segmentation and landmarking for the knee region.

In addition, certain previously cleared variants have undergone updates to improve performance

while  maintaining  the same intended use,  technical  characteristics,  safety, and  effectiveness

considerations. These modifications do not alter the overall intended use of the device


Both  devices have the same workflows, use requirements  (e.g.,  internet connection, output
validation), and planning features (e.g., model representation, digital overlap of prosthetic material,
possible 2D and 3D environments). Both devices generate a final report of the planning, which
consists of the selected images with templates, measurements, and textual information describing
the patient and/or the surgical procedure to be performed.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                       Page 3

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                    Table 1: Summary of Predicate and Subject Device Characteristics to Demonstrate Substantial Equivalence


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K251096                      Subject device              Equivalent?

 Product Code       QIH, LLZ                              QIH, LLZ                          Yes                  ---

 Regulation
                   21 CFR 892.2050                    21 CFR 892.2050                    Yes                  ---
 Number

                     Medical Image Management And         Medical Image Management And
 Regulation Name                                                                      Yes                  ---
                     Processing System                      Processing System

                 PeekMed web is a system designed to    PeekMed web is a system designed to
                      help healthcare professionals carry out    help healthcare professionals carry out
                       pre-operative planning for several surgical pre-operative planning for several surgical
                      procedures, based on their imported       procedures, based on their imported
                         patients’ imaging studies. Experience in    patients’ imaging studies. Experience in
                   usage and a clinical assessment are      usage and a clinical assessment are
                     necessary for the proper use of the system necessary for the proper use of the system
                           in the revision and approval of the output   in the revision and approval of the output
 Intended              of the planning. The multi-platform system  of the planning. The multi-platform system
 use/Indications for  works with a database of digital          works with a database of digital         Yes                  ---
 use                  representations related to surgical         representations related to surgical
                       materials supplied by their manufacturers.  materials supplied by their manufacturers.
                      This medical device consists of a decision This medical device consists of a decision
                      support tool for qualified healthcare        support tool for qualified healthcare
                       professionals to quickly and efficiently      professionals to quickly and efficiently
                     perform the pre-operative planning for     perform the pre-operative planning for
                       several surgical procedures, using medical several surgical procedures, using medical
                     imaging with the additional capability of    imaging with the additional capability of
                      planning the 2D or 3D environment. The   planning the 2D or 3D environment. The


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 4

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K251096                      Subject device              Equivalent?

                    system is designed for the medical       system is designed for the medical
                         specialties within surgery, and no specific  specialties within surgery, and no specific
                    use environment is mandatory, whereas   use environment is mandatory, whereas
                       the typical use environment is a room with the typical use environment is a room with
                   a computer. The patient target group is    a computer. The patient target group is
                        adult patients who have an injury or        adult patients who have an injury or
                           disability diagnosed previously. There are  disability diagnosed previously. There are
                   no other considerations for the intended   no other considerations for the intended
                        patient population.                          patient population.

 Contraindications   No contraindications specific to this device. No contraindications specific to this device. Yes                  ---

                  The PeekMed web allows the surgeon to  The PeekMed web allows the surgeon to
                     perform orthopedic pre-surgical planning   perform orthopedic pre-surgical planning
 Clinical purpose                                                                       Yes                  ---
                            efficiently in the musculoskeletal system    efficiently in the musculoskeletal system
                            (e.g., Hip procedures, Knee procedures)    (e.g., Hip procedures, Knee procedures)

                  The PeekMed web allows the surgeon to  The PeekMed web allows the surgeon to
                     perform pre-surgical planning efficiently in  perform pre-surgical planning efficiently in
                       the following anatomical regions:          the following anatomical regions:
                                                                                     Yes
 Anatomical regions   - Hip                                                   - Hip                         —
                                - Knee                                                 - Knee
                                - Upper limb                                         - Upper limb
                                - Foot                                                  - Foot

 Patient Population   Adults                                    Adults                             Yes                  ---

 End users           Healthcare Professionals                 Healthcare Professionals              Yes                  ---

                     Software is cloud-based (not installable)   Software is cloud-based (not installable)
 Device availability   and can be displayed on any personal    and can be displayed on any personal    Yes                  ---
                      device or workstation that can run a web   device or workstation that can run a web


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 5

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K251096                      Subject device              Equivalent?

                     browser                               browser

                        Distributed system (cloud-based). This     Distributed system (cloud-based). This
 Software              distributed system is a combination of      distributed system is a combination of
                                                                                     Yes                  ---
 Architecture         software modules placed on servers that   software modules placed on servers that
                      are able to communicate with each other.  are able to communicate with each other.

                  The workflow is as follows: Import case   The workflow is as follows: Import case
                     images, configure images, identify the     images, configure images, identify the
 Workflow                                                                             Yes                  ---
                      case, pre-surgical planning, and export the case, pre-surgical planning, and export the
                      case.                                   case.

 Internet connection  Required                              Required                          Yes                  ---

                    Receives medical images from various    Receives medical images from various
 Images source                                                                         Yes                  ---
                     sources                               sources

                  The software processes data to provide an The software processes data to provide an
 Data processing     overlap and dimensioning of digital        overlap and dimensioning of digital       Yes                  ---
                       representations of the prosthetic material  representations of the prosthetic material

 Digital overlap of    Allows the overlap of models and the      Allows the overlap of models and the
                                                                                     Yes                  ---
 templates             intersection of the models                  intersection of the models

 Interactive model
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 positioning

 Interactive model
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 dimensioning

 Model rotation      Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---

 Support for digital
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 prosthetic


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 6

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K251096                      Subject device              Equivalent?

 materials provided
 by the
 manufacturers

 Pre-surgical
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 planning

 Type of
 pre-surgical         Automatic or Manual                    Automatic or Manual                  Yes                  ---
 planning

 Contact with the
                No                            No                               Yes                  ---
 patient

 Control of life
                No                            No                               Yes                  ---
 supporting devices

Human
 intervention for
                   Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 image
 interpretation

 Ability to add
 additional modules  Yes                                Yes                               Yes                  ---
 when available

                                                       Yes                                            The subject device includes new ML
                   Yes
                                                                                         - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)                            model variants for the segmentation of
                                - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)
 Automatic bone                                                                  - Knee (X-ray - AP & LAT view, CT scan,                   the Knee in a Lateral view.
                                - Knee (X-ray, CT scan, and MRI)                                         Yes
 segmentation                                         and MRI)                                            Both devices allow planning for the
                                - Upper limb (CT scan)
                                                                                         - Upper limb (CT scan)                               knee region with X-rays in an AP view,
                                - Foot (X-ray and CT scan)
                                                                                         - Foot (X-ray and CT scan)                                but the subject device also offers a


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 7

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K251096                      Subject device              Equivalent?

                                                                                             new image perspective (Lateral view).
                                                                                                                        This does not constitute an intended
                                                                                                              purpose update, nor does it raise
                                                                                                                       questions of safety and performance,
                                                                                                                         since the development, verification,
                                                                                                                                          validation, and deployment processes
                                                                                                                     are the same for both devices.

                                                                                                 Compared to the predicate device, the
                                                                                                                             subject device includes updates to
                                                                                                                                      existing ML variants and the
                                                                                                                                   introduction of new ML variants, such
                                                                                                           as the segmentation and landmarking
                                                                                                                                                 for the knee region. In addition, certain
                                                                                                                              previously cleared variants have
                                                                                                           undergone updates to improve
                                                                                                               performance while maintaining the
                                                                                             same intended use. These
                                                                                                                              modifications do not alter the overall
                                                                                                                      intended use of the device

                                                                                                   The subject device includes new ML
                                                            Automatic or Manual                                model variants for landmarking for the
                     Automatic or Manual
                                                                                         - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)                          Knee in a Lateral view.
                                - Hip (X-ray and CT scan)
 Type of                                                                              - Knee (X-ray - AP & LAT view, CT scan,                 Both devices allow planning for the
                                - Knee (X-ray, CT scan, and MRI)                                         Yes
 landmarking                                          and MRI)                                          knee region with X-rays in an AP view,
                                - Upper limb (CT scan)
                                                                                         - Upper limb (CT scan)                                    but the subject device also offers a
                                - Foot (X-ray and CT scan)
                                                                                         - Foot (X-ray and CT scan)                        new image perspective (Lateral view).
                                                                                                                        This does not constitute an intended


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 8

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


    Characteristic             PeekMed web                     PeekMed web              Substantially        Justification and rationale
                              Predicate device K251096                      Subject device              Equivalent?

                                                                                                              purpose update, nor does it raise
                                                                                                                       questions of safety and performance,
                                                                                                                         since the development, verification,
                                                                                                                                          validation, and deployment processes
                                                                                                                     are the same for both devices.


                                                                                                 Compared to the predicate device, the

                                                                                                                             subject  device  includes  updates  to

                                                                                                                                      existing ML variants and the introduction

                                                                                                                                        of  new ML  variants,  such  as  the

                                                                                                                 segmentation and landmarking  for the

                                                                                                        knee   region.   In   addition,   certain

                                                                                                                              previously   cleared   variants   have

                                                                                                           undergone    updates    to   improve

                                                                                                               performance while maintaining the same

                                                                                                                      intended use. These  modifications do

                                                                                                                          not alter the overall intended use of the

                                                                                                                     device


PeekMed web shares the same intended use, indications for use, end users, and has the patient population, overall technical and
functional capabilities, and therefore is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The subject device has the same design and


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                    Page 9

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


function as the predicate device  for the modes of operation and use. The subject device includes new ML model variants for
segmentation and landmarking for the Knee in a Lateral view.


510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                                                   Page 10

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


7. Performance Data

Nonclinical performance testing performed on the subject device, PeekMed web, supports substantial
equivalence to the predicate device. The following testing was performed on the subject device:

    A. Verification activities were conducted to ensure that features were implemented following the
       requirements and covering the acceptance criteria.
    B. ML models incorporated into the PeekMed web were also developed, trained, tested, and
        externally validated for their performance according to the internal procedures.
           ○ A dedicated validation dataset containing different data from the ML development
              dataset was used. Specifically, the validation dataset was not a sampling of the
             development dataset, had never been used for the algorithm training or for tuning the
               algorithm, and leakage between development and validation data sets did not occur.


               Training, development, testing and external validation data information

         ML models were developed with datasets from multiple sites in a total of 2852 X-ray
               datasets, 2073 CT scans, and 209 MRIs. We trained the ML models with 80% of the
               dataset, developed with 10%, and tested with the remaining 10%. External validation
                  is performed by sample size with a total unique dataset, for Segmentation ML model:
             672; Landmarking ML model: 561; Classification ML model: 367; and Detection ML
             model: 198. This comprehensive dataset was designed to cover the intended use
              population while ensuring a variety of data, maintaining diverse patient characteristics.


            Subgroup definition (generalizability)

              Datasets were divided according to the subgroups listed below:

                   ● Demographics
                          ○  Patient Sex
                          ○  Patient Age
                   ● Equipment and Protocols for Image Collection
                          ○  Institution Name
                          ○  Manufacturer
                          ○  Manufacturer Model Name


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 11

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                  Acceptance criteria

                 The acceptance criteria for each ML model are shown in the following table:

              ML model                      Acceptance Criteria

                     Segmentation                     DICE is no less than 90%
                                                     HD-95 is no more than 8
                                              STD DICE is between +/- 10%
                                                                  Precision is more than 85%
                                                                  Recall is more than 90%

                    Landmarking                 MRE is no more than 7mm
                                              STD MRE is between +/- 5mm

                         Classification                        Accuracy is no less than 90%.
                                                                  Precision is no less than 85%
                                                                  Recall is no less than 90%
                                                    F1 score is no less than 90%

                       Detection                    MAP is no less than 90%.
                                                                  Precision is no less than 85%
                                                                  Recall is no less than 90%



                   Reference Standard (“Truthing” Process)

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Segmentation ML model using the

                       testing and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met

                     the  acceptance  criteria  for ML  model  performance,  demonstrating  the

                       substantial equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Landmarking ML model using the

                       testing and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met

                     the  acceptance  criteria  for ML  model  performance,  demonstrating  the

                       substantial equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Classification ML model using the

                       testing and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 12

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


                     the  acceptance  criteria  for ML  model  performance,  demonstrating  the

                       substantial equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.

                  Comparison of the efficacy results of the Detection ML model using the testing

                  and external validation datasets against the predefined ground truth met the

                   acceptance criteria for ML model performance, demonstrating the substantial

                    equivalence of the subject device to its predicate.


                  Independence of Training and External Validation Data

                     External validation datasets were collected independently of the development
                    data to prevent bias, ensuring the reliability of the results. For the external
                        validation, a  fully independent dataset, labeled by a separate team, was
                  employed to provide an accurate assessment of the model's performance, over
                     the whole population and for each sub-group mentioned before, to prove that it
                     generalizes  well  to unseen,  real-world  data.  All the testing and external
                       validation performed indicate acceptable performance of the ML models for
                         their intended population.

    C. Validation tests were performed internally before the release to the market by qualified
       personnel,  in an environment simulating the real end-user environment. This validation
       follows a pre-defined test script document, according to the tests defined in the test cases
      management software.

Nonclinical performance testing allowed us to understand that there are no related problems in the
subject device. Furthermore, these tests will be repeated and updated when appropriate to ensure
that the software is always properly validated, making it possible to understand in which version the
problems arise and in which they are solved. Consequently, any problem that may appear in a given
PeekMed web version will be identified and can be solved in subsequent versions, as all steps are
traceable. All anatomical areas were tested, as well as other main areas of the software, such as the
planning final report, and saved planning, ML models, among others.

After these successful validation tests,  it is possible to deem the subject device, PeekMed web, as
substantially equivalent to its predicate device.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 13

Peek Health, S.A.
 Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
 PeekMed web


9. Conclusion

Based on the information provided in this 510(k) submission,  it was determined that the subject
device, PeekMed web,  is  substantially  equivalent  to the  legally marketed  predicate device
concerning indications for use, intended use, design, technology, and performance.


  510(k) Summary - PeekMed web                                                                      Page 14