September 3, 2025

Arterys, Inc.
Bethany Barrett
Director, Regulatory Affairs
600 W. Chicago Ave., Suite 510
Chicago, Illinois 60654


Re: K252539
    Trade/Device Name: Tempus Pixel
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: August 11, 2025
    Received: August 12, 2025

Dear Bethany Barrett:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252539 - Bethany Barrett                                                             Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252539 - Bethany Barrett                                                             Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K252539

Device Name
Tempus Pixel


Indications for Use (Describe)
Tempus Pixel software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes, stores, and transfers DICOM and nonDICOM medical data. It provides the capability to store images and patient information, and perform filtering, digital
manipulation, and quantitative measurements. The client software is designed to run on standard personal and business
computers and on monitors/screens that meet appropriate technical specification for image diagnosis.

Tempus Pixel includes an optional Pixel Cardio module which is used to analyze the heart and its major vessels using
multi-slice, multi-phase, and velocity-encoded cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images. It provides clinically
relevant and reproducible, quantitative data, and has been tested and validated on MR images acquired from both 1.5T and
3.0T MR Scanners.

Tempus Pixel includes an optional Pixel Therapy Response Evaluation module which provides analytical tools to help the
user assess and document changes in morphological activity at diagnostic and therapy follow-up examinations. It is a tool
used to support the oncological workflow by helping the user confirm the absence or presence of lesions, including
evaluation, quantification, follow-up, and documentation of any such lesions.

Tempus Pixel software is intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in diagnosis. It is
intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted by a trained professional to render findings and/or
diagnosis, but it does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential findings.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K252539


510(k) Summary
Tempus Pixel


Sponsor Name:                         Arterys, Inc.
                                600 W Chicago Ave Ste #510, Chicago, IL 60654
                                   Phone: (833) 514-4187

Contact Person:                    Bethany Barrett
                                            Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                          Arterys, Inc.
                                   Phone: (800) 739-4137
                                   bethany.barrett@tempus.com

Date Summary Prepared:           September 2, 2025
Device Trade Name:              Tempus Pixel
Common Name:                    Medical image processing software
Classification Name:                Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number:               21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code:                        QIH, LLZ

Predicate Device:                     Arterys MICA
Submission Number:              K203744
Product Code:                        QIH, LLZ


Indications For Use

Tempus Pixel software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes, stores, and transfers
DICOM and non-DICOM medical data. It provides the capability to store images and patient information,
and perform filtering, digital manipulation, and quantitative measurements. The client software is designed
to run on standard personal and business computers and on monitors/screens that meet appropriate
technical specification for image diagnosis.

Tempus Pixel includes an optional Pixel Cardio module which is used to analyze the heart and its major
vessels using multi-slice, multi-phase, and velocity-encoded cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR)
images. It provides clinically relevant and reproducible, quantitative data, and has been tested and validated
on MR images acquired from both 1.5T and 3.0 T MR Scanners.

Tempus Pixel includes an optional Pixel Therapy Response Evaluation module which provides analytical
tools to help the user assess and document changes in morphological activity at diagnostic and therapy


                                                                                            1

follow-up examinations. It is a tool used to support the oncological workflow by helping the user confirm
the absence or presence of lesions, including evaluation, quantification, follow-up, and documentation of
any such lesions.

Tempus Pixel software is intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in
diagnosis. It is intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted by a trained
professional to render findings and/or diagnosis, but it does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential
findings.


Device Description

Tempus Pixel is a dedicated software application for evaluating various DICOM modalities, including
multi-slice and multi-phase computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance (MR) images, ultrasound,
x-ray, and mammography. Pre-existing images are uploaded into Tempus Pixel in a DICOM format from a
PACS or a scanner. Tempus Pixel is completely hosted in the cloud and is accessed using a Google
Chrome™ web browser by navigating to the following https://app.arterys.com. Cloud servers are provided
by the Google Cloud Platform and service is accessible globally.

The Pixel application is designed around a modular architecture of separate components that make up a
basic image viewer. These include the studylist, from which studies are selected and opened, the image
display (2D, 3D, MIP, etc), view synchronization, metadata information, and various navigational,
measurement, and other action tools.

Functionality provided by the Pixel application is extended by additional Cardio and Therapy Response
Evaluation application modules which add support for specific clinical workflows. The Cardio module
includes support for 4D flow studies and provides additional functionality specific to cardiac studies. The
Therapy Response Evaluation module includes functionality specific to evaluating and measuring lesions.

The device also facilitates several FDA-cleared third party inference models. Each third party inference
integration implements a set of filters that determine whether a given study or workflow is eligible to be
submitted to the third-party inference model. If eligible, a request is queued and processed by the third
party model. Results are returned to Pixel from the third party model and are stored in the study collection.

The clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent diagnosis based on their standard
practices and visual comparison of images. Tempus Pixel software is a complement to these standard
procedures.


Intended Use
Tempus Pixel is Intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in
diagnosis. It is intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted by a trained
professional to render findings and/or diagnosis.


                                                                                            2

Intended Patient Population

Pediatric (neonate, infant, child and adolescent) and adult populations. For Pixel Lung only, the
lung detection module is intended for the asymptomatic patient population 18 years of age
and older.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject device has similar technological characteristics as the predicate device, with only minor
differences in T1/T2 quantification/mapping functionality and minor incremental updates to existing
software features for user experience improvements. The added inline map generation feature employs the
same process and calculations used for the predicate device’s T1 and T2 ROI quantification features. The
minor technological differences do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

                         Table 1. Comparison of Key Technological Characteristics

                                  Predicate Device                               Subject Device
   Characteristic
                               (Arterys MICA K203744)                       (Tempus Pixel)
                   Intended to be used as a support tool by trained
                    healthcare professionals to aid in diagnosis. It is
                    intended to provide image and related
 Intended Use                                        Same
                    information that is interpreted by a trained
                     professional to render findings and/or
                     diagnosis.
                      Pediatric (neonate, infant, child and adolescent)
                 and adult populations. For Pixel Lung only, the
 Intended Patient
                    lung detection module is intended for the       Same
 Population
                  asymptomatic patient population 18 years of
                 age and older.
 Rx / OTC         Rx Only                              Same
                      Viewer/Pixel: Supported DICOM modalities
 Type of scans      Cardio: MR                            Same
                  Onco/Therapy Response Evaluation: MR and CT
 Image upload      Yes. DICOMweb and legacy upload methods.
                                                  Same
 and storage      JPEG and JPEG 2000 image compression.
 Studylist with
  filter and         Yes                                 Same
 searching
 Image display      Yes, including 2D, 3D, MIP, MPR display and
                                                  Same
 and layouts       numerous layout options.
                    Pan, zoom, rotate, slice/time scroll, W/L, slab
 Image navigation
                     thickness, cine, flow direction, flip, W/L invert &   Same
 tools
                     presets.
 View DICOM
                       Patient, study, orientation, and pixel information.  Same
 metadata
 Measuring tools   Yes - linear, area, and volume.               Same
 Display results of
                     Arterys and 3rd party AI models.             Same
 AI models
                          All modules. Secondary captures. Dictation
 Reporting                                          Same
                       integration.
 Cardiac views     Yes - automatically identified + user editable     Same


                                                                                            3

Predicate Device                               Subject Device
   Characteristic
                               (Arterys MICA K203744)                       (Tempus Pixel)
 Ventricular        For short-axis stack. Automatically identified +
                                                  Same
 function           user editable.
                    Yes. 2D phase contrast, 4D flow, perfusion,
 Cardio
                   delayed enhancement, T1, T2, and T2*
 visualization and                                     Same
                    workflows. Editable flow correction mask using
 quantification
             ML model.
                   For T1, the contouring of the LV Endo and LV Epi   For T1, the contouring of the LV Endo and LV Epi
                 can be obtained automatically using a deep      can be obtained automatically using a deep
                     learning model or can be drawn manually by the   learning model or can be drawn manually by the
                      user. For T2, the user can manually contour the    user. For T2, the user can manually contour the
                 myocardium structures using the same tools.    myocardium structures using the same tools.
                 Each step of the workflow for each of these      Each step of the workflow for each of these
 T1 and T2
                     features can be reviewed and edited by the user.   features can be reviewed and edited by the user.

                T1 and T2 maps are limited to user-defined         Full device-generated T1 and T2 inline map
                    regions of interest (ROIs) within the                 functionality. One generated inline map is
                 myocardium and the left ventricle blood pool on   produced for each slice of the raw input series.
                    the original (raw) T1 and T2 series.
                     Yes, with numerous content configurations by
 Cardio reporting                                      Same
                      user.
 Oncology nodule   Yes, with editing, creating, deleting, with sorting
                                                  Same
 modification       options for list of nodules.
 Oncology
                     Yes, with a graphical display. Improved workflow
 longitudinal                                         Same
                 and linking.
 tracking
 Oncology
 reporting -        Yes                                 Same
 Lung-RADS
 Machine-based
                    Locked/Static                          Same
 learning models


Summary of Non-Clinical Studies

The performance of modified Tempus Pixel device was evaluated based on non-clinical testing, as follows:

    ●  T1/T2 inline mapping features were validated by comparing outputs to those generated from
       commercially available MR scanners. All acceptance criteria was met.

    ●  Software Verification and Validation (V&V): SW V&V activities were completed and all Unit Tests,
        Integration Tests, and System Tests met the acceptance criteria.

    ● Human Factors/Design Validation Assessment: Testers with suitable clinical/product knowledge
       executed validation testing to ensure that the documented User Needs were satisfied.

    ●  Cybersecurity Testing: Cybersecurity activities were completed and associated risks have been
        appropriately mitigated.


Table 2 below summarizes methods and results for the T1/T2 inline map validation, human factors
assessment, and software verification testing.


                                                                                            4

Table 2. Summary of Non-Clinical Studies - Methods and Results

Test            Summary of Methods                                  Acceptance Criteria                      Results

T1/T2 Inline Map    Validation was performed by comparing the Tempus Pixel      T1: The 95th percentile deviation           T1: Across all 120 ROIs
Validation          generated inline maps to maps generated from FDA-cleared    (absolute error) between the Tempus
                                                                                                                                ● Mean absolute error = 4.76 ms            MR scanners using the same input series. For each test                                                                                          Pixel inline maps and scanner generated
                       series, the Pixel inline map was compared to the MR scanner                                               ● 95th percentile absolute error =                                                                                                 inline maps, as assessed across means
                   generated inline map by placing a minimum of four regions                                               13.82 ms
                                                                      from all 120 ROIs, must be within the                     of interest (ROI) on different parts of the myocardium.                                                      ● Max absolute error = 28.57 ms
                                                                           range from -30ms to +30ms. All
                 Sample Size:                                                                   measurements must be within 1.5 times   PASS
                    T1: 30 series spread evenly across manufacturer and
                                                                                             this range (-45ms to +45ms).
                  scanner type. There were 4 ROIs assessed per series,
                      resulting in a total of 120 ROIs for T1.
                                                                                                                            T2: Across all 120 ROIs
                    T2: 30 series spread evenly across manufacturer and                                                                                  T2: The 95th percentile deviation
                  scanner type. There were 4 ROIs assessed per series,                                                       ● Mean absolute error = 0.85 ms
                                                                                  (absolute error) between the Tempus
                      resulting in a total of 120 ROIs for T2.                                                                      ● 95th percentile absolute error =
                                                                                          Pixel inline maps and scanner generated
                                                                                                                          2.48 ms
                   FDA-cleared scanners used for comparison included:             inline maps, as assessed across means
                                                                                                                                ● Max absolute error = 2.97 ms
               GE 1.5T                                              from all 120 ROIs, must be within the
                   Signa HDxt, SIGNA Artist,                                  range from -3ms to +3ms. All           PASS
                SIGNA Voyager, Optima MR450                         measurements must be within 1.5 times
               GE 3T                                                               this range (-4.5ms to +4.5ms).
                SIGNA Premier, DISCOVERY MR750w, SIGNA Pioneer

                      Philips 1.5T
                    Ingenia Ambition X, Achieva

                      Philips 3T
                    Ingenia Elition X, Ingenia

                 Siemens 1.5T
             MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Aera

                 Siemens 3T
             MAGNETOM Vida, MAGNETOM Skyra


                                                                                                                              5

Test            Summary of Methods                                  Acceptance Criteria                      Results

Human           The Pixel user interface remains largely identical for the new    ● When a study with a parametric       PASS. No deviations or unexpected
Factors/Design     T1/T2 inline mapping as compared to that for T1/T2 ROI         mapping raw data series (T1/T2) is      Results.
Validation                                                                      opened, there will automatically be an                 mapping in the predicate device. As a conservative measure,
                                                                                                     inline map generated by Tempus                 a limited-scope external validation of T1 and T2 inline map
                                                                                    located in the series list within the
                    generation was conducted by three physicians experienced                                                                                         study.
                        in assessing and quantifying parametric mapping data within
                                                                                    ● When the user loads a parametric                      Pixel Cardio software. The physicians were instructed to
                                                                      mapping raw data series into the
                 open studies, find automatically generated inline maps,
                                                                                  viewer and opens the corresponding
                    create new inline maps and locate them in the series list.                                                                             module, they will have the option to
                                                                                 generate a new inline map.

                                                                                    ● When the user generates a new inline
                                                                       map, the inline map will populate
                                                                                        within the series list and will have a
                                                                                                distinct series description.

                                                                                    ● Users are able to quantify T1/T2
                                                                                  values from the Pixel generated inline
                                                           map and verify these values against
                                                                             expected anatomical/ pathological
                                                                                             findings.

Software           Software unit and system verification testing for the T1/T2       All test cases were required to meet       PASS. All testing passed and no
Verification           inline mapping was performed in accordance with Arterys      pre-established expected software       new anomalies were identified.
                   software design control procedures.                           outputs.


                                                                                                                              6

Summary of Clinical Studies

No clinical studies were performed for the modified Tempus Pixel device. Clinical reference data, in the
form of image series acquired from commercially available FDA-cleared MR scanners, were used for
validation of the new T1 and T2 inline mapping functionality.


Substantial Equivalence Conclusions

The indications for use and intended use of the subject and predicate devices are the same. Both are
imaging software intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in
diagnosis.

The results of the substantial equivalence assessment, taken together with software testing and
non-clinical studies, demonstrate that the Tempus Pixel device with the modifications described in this
premarket notification does not raise different questions of substantial equivalence when compared to the
predicate device. The device performs as intended and has performance characteristics that are
substantially equivalent to the Arterys MICA predicate device cleared per K203744.


                                                                                            7