August 22, 2025


Galileo CDS, Inc
℅ David Giese
Partner
Innolitics LLC
1101 West 34th Street #550
Austin, Texas 78705


Re: K252362
    Trade/Device Name: GBrain MRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: July 24, 2025
    Received: July 29, 2025

Dear David Giese:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252362 - David Giese                                                                Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252362 - David Giese                                                                Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 0713112026
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
I K252362
Device Name
 GBrain MRI
                                        ..IIndications for Use (Describe)
 GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and quantitatively
 reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on T2w FLAIR MR images and T1w post contrast
 images in the context of diagnostic radiology.
 GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of derived
 image metrics.  It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor for the
 detection of signal hyperintensities.
 GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient's MRI scans. The physician
 retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and treatment decisions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)            IZJ                  D

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *00 NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 1 of 11

                                                            K252362
1. CONTACT INFORMATION


 Company Name                      Galileo CDS, Inc

 Address                        7000 N Mopac Expy, Suite 200, Austin, TX 78731

 Phone Number                      (512) 222-9173

 Company Representative             Abhijeet Pradhan

 Email                             ap@galileocds.com

 Primary Contact                  David Giese

 Primary Contact Phone Number      +1.913.523.6988

 Primary Contact Email               fda@innolitics.com

 Date Summary Prepared            August 18, 2025

2. DEVICE INFORMATION

Trade Name: GBrain MRI
Common Name: Brain MRI Image Processing Software
Classification Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code(s): QIH, LLZ
3. PREDICATE DEVICE


 Predicate Device Name     GBrain MRI

 Manufacturer               Galileo CDS Inc

 510(k) Number           K250416

 Product Code             QIH, LLZ

 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 2 of 11


 Regulation Name          Medical image management and processing system

 Regulatory Class            Class II

 Review Panel              Radiology

4. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

   4.1.  Description

GBrain MRI is a non-invasive MR imaging post-processing medical device software that aids in
the volumetric quantification of hyperintensities in T2-weighted Fluid Attenuated Inversion
Recovery (T2w FLAIR), and in post contrast T1-weighted (T1c) brain MR images. It is intended
to aid the trained radiologist in quantitative measurements.

The input to the software are the T2w FLAIR and the T1w post contrast brain MR images.

The outputs are volume measurements in Secondary Capture DICOM format, a DICOM
Encapsulated pdf file, as well as a DICOM SR. More specifically, the total volume of
hyperintensities in the input T2w FLAIR and the T1c are shown in two new secondary capture
image series, called GBrain T2 FLAIR & GBrain T1 CE respectively, with a segmentation
overlay on the hyperintensities that were used to measure the total volumes. These volume
measurements are summarized in the DICOM encapsulated pdf and DICOM SR files.

The outputs are provided in standard DICOM format that can be displayed on most third-party
DICOM workstations and Picture Archive and Communications Systems (PACS).

The software is suitable for use in routine patient care as a support tool for radiologists in
assessment of structural adult brain MRIs, by providing them with complementary quantitative
information.

The GBrain MRI processing architecture includes a proprietary automated internal pipeline that
performs skull stripping, signal normalization, segmentations, volume calculations, and report
generation.

From a workflow perspective, GBrain MRI is packaged as a computing appliance that is capable
of supporting DICOM file transfer for input, and output of results. The software is designed
without the need for a user interface after installation. Any processing errors are reported either
in the output series report, or in the system log files.

 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 3 of 11


GBrain MRI software is intended to be used by trained personnel only and is to be installed by
trained technical personnel.
Quantitative reports and derived image data sets are intended to be used as complementary
information in the review of a case.
The GBrain MRI software does not have any accessories or patient contacting components.
The GBrain MRI device is intended to be used for the adult population only.
5. SUBJECT DEVICE INDICATIONS FOR USE

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on T2w FLAIR MR images and T1w
post contrast images in the context of diagnostic radiology.

GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics. It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.

GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The
physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.

   5.1.  Subject Device Contraindications for Use

GBrain MRI is contraindicated for use in pediatric patient populations, and in patients who have
undergone brain tumor or other resection surgery.

   5.2.  Subject Device Intended Use

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on T2w FLAIR MR images and T1w
post contrast images in the context of diagnostic radiology.

GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics. It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.

GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 4 of 11

physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.
6. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARISON

   6.1.  Predicate Device Indications for Use

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on FLAIR MR images in the context
of diagnostic radiology.
GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics. It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.
GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The
physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.

   6.2.  Subject Device Indications for Use

GBrain MRI is a post processing medical device software intended for analyzing and
quantitatively reporting signal hyperintensities in the brain on T2w FLAIR MR images and T1w
post contrast images in the context of diagnostic radiology.

GBrain MRI is intended to provide automatic segmentation, quantification, and reporting of
derived image metrics. It is not intended for detection or specific diagnosis of any disease nor
for the detection of signal hyperintensities.

GBrain MRI should not be used in-lieu of a full evaluation of the patient’s MRI scans. The
physician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the final patient management and
treatment decisions.

   6.3.  Indications for Use Equivalence Discussion

The intended use of all of the devices is the same - analyzing and evaluating neurological
imaging data. The indications are equivalent to the scope of regulation 21 CFR 892.2050.
The indications for use of the Subject Device are substantially equivalent to those of the
Predicate device.


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 5 of 11

The output of the Predicate Device (GBrain MRI, K250416) consists of segmentations,
visualizations and volumetric measurements of hyperintense signal on T2w FLAIR MRI. The
Predicate Device has a general indication for use and is not specific to a target disease or
condition.
The Subject Device's indications for use are identical to the Predicate with only the addition of
post-contrast T1w MRI images, similar to the Reference Device.
To elaborate further, the Subject and the Predicate device share the intended use of automated
quantification of MR signal hyperintensity in the context of diagnostic radiology.
The shared technical tasks performed by the Subject and Predicate Device, with regard to the
measurement of hyperintensities are exactly the same.

   6.4.  Device Comparison Table

 Feature/Function    GBrain MRI                  Predicate GBrain MRI       Comments on Substantial
                                                (K250416)                    Equivalence

 510K Number      N/A                       K250416                              -

 Manufacturer        Galileo CDS Inc                 Galileo CDS Inc                     -

 Classification        Class II                         Class II                   Same

 Regulation         21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050            Same
 Number

 Regulation          Medical image management     Medical image management    Same
 Description         and processing system.         and processing system.

 Classification       Automated Radiological Image   Automated Radiological       Same
 Name                Processing Software           Image Processing Software

 Product code       QIH, LLZ                   QIH, LLZ                  Same

 Intended Use     MR imaging data post      MR imaging data post         Same
                       processing software             processing software

 Type of Imaging    MRI                   MRI                      Same
 Scan

 Intended Body       Brain                           Brain                     Same
 Part


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                    Page 6 of 11


Feature/Function    GBrain MRI                  Predicate GBrain MRI       Comments on Substantial
                                               (K250416)                    Equivalence

Indications for      GBrain MRI is a post           GBrain MRI is a post         The indications for use are identical
Use                  processing medical device       processing medical device        to the predicate device with the
                     software intended for            software intended for            addition of post-contrast images.
                     analyzing and quantitatively      analyzing and quantitatively    The subject device analyzes signal
                      reporting signal                  reporting signal                  hyperintensities regardless of
                       hyperintensities in the brain on    hyperintensities in the brain      location similar to the predicate.
               T2w FLAIR MR images and    on FLAIR MR images in the    As with the predicate, the subject
               T1w post contrast images in      context of diagnostic            device has a general indication and
                      the context of diagnostic          radiology.                            is not specific to a particular
                       radiology.                                                        disease or condition.
                                               GBrain MRI is intended to
                   GBrain MRI is intended to       provide automatic
                     provide automatic               segmentation, quantification,
                     segmentation, quantification,    and reporting of derived
                   and reporting of derived image   image metrics. It is not
                       metrics.  It is not intended for    intended for the detection or
                      detection or specific diagnosis    specific diagnosis of any
                      of any disease nor for the         disease nor for the detection
                      detection of signal               of signal hyperintensities.
                        hyperintensities.
                                               GBrain MRI should not be
                   GBrain MRI should not be       used in-lieu of a full
                    used in-lieu of a full evaluation   evaluation of the patient’s
                      of the patient’s MRI scans. The  MRI scans. The physician
                      physician retains the ultimate     retains the ultimate
                        responsibility for making the      responsibility for making the
                         final patient management and     final patient management and
                      treatment decisions.              treatment decisions.

Environment for     Hospital, Clinic, Imaging         Hospital, Clinic, Imaging      Same as Predicate
use                   Center, Medical Offices          Center, Medical Offices

Intended Patient     Adult patients aged 21          Adult patients aged 21        Same as Predicate
Population          and above with a brain MRI      and above with a brain MRI
                       study.                             study.

Intended User        Radiologists, Imaging            Radiologists, Imaging        Same as Predicate
                       Professionals, and other          Professionals, and other
                       Clinicians working with          Clinicians working with
                       radiological images. The          radiological images. The
                       application should be             application should be
                    used as a support               used as a support
                       tool in assessment of              tool in assessment of
                        structural MRIs. Patient          structural MRIs. Patient
                  management decisions should    management decisions should
                     not be based solely on the        not be based solely on the
                         results of the device.               results of the device.


510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                    Page 7 of 11


Feature/Function    GBrain MRI                  Predicate GBrain MRI       Comments on Substantial
                                               (K250416)                    Equivalence

Design and         Automated segmentation using   Automated segmentation      Same as Predicate
Incorporated        deep learning followed by        using deep learning followed
Technology         volume calculations, and       by volume calculations, and
                       report generation.                 report generation.

                      Results displayed on PACS.      Results displayed on PACS.

Physical             Software package- Operates on   Software package- Operates    Same as Predicate
Characteristics       off-the-shelf hardware         on on off-the-shelf hardware
                      (multiple vendors).               (multiple vendors).

Data Source         Supports DICOM format as      Supports DICOM format as    Same as Predicate
                      input from the MRI scanner or    input from the MRI scanner.
                      the PACS.

Output              Provides volumetric             Provides volumetric          The subject device extends the
                   measurements of regions with    measurements of regions with    functionality of the predicate
                     hyperintense signal on T2w      hyperintense signal on T2w     device to include the measurement
                FLAIR and post contrast T1w   FLAIR images.                 of contrast enhancing regions on
                     images.                                       T1w images.
                                                      Includes segmented color
                      Includes segmented color         overlays and volumetric
                      overlays and volumetric           reports
                        reports


Reporting            Results displayed in text and      Results displayed in text and    Same as Predicate
                      graphical formats                graphical formats

DICOM           Yes                         Yes                      Same as Predicate
Communication

Safety             Automated quality control       Automated quality control      Same as Predicate
                       function: scan protocol           function: scan protocol
                         verification.                         verification.
                      Results must be reviewed        Results must be reviewed
                  by a clinician with proper       by a clinician with proper
                         training.                             training.


510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 8 of 11

   6.5.  Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

The Subject and Predicate device has very similar technological characteristics. Both devices are
software only medical devices. The inputs for both devices are Brain MRI images in DICOM
format. The outputs from both devices are automatically generated in DICOM format.
Both the devices use deep learning to segment hyperintensities in FLAIR MR images, and
subsequently calculate the volumes of these regions. The Subject Device also segments
hyperintensities, i.e. contrast enhancing regions, on T1w post contrast MR images. In both
devices, these segmentations are overlaid as colored regions on DICOM images for users to
visualize the regions used in the volume calculations.
All the devices also summarize these measurements and present them in a pdf document. In
summary, both devices have extremely similar technological characteristics.
7. DISCUSSION OF PERFORMANCE TESTING

Performance testing included protocols demonstrating the similarity of automated segmentation
compared to manual radiologist segmentations. The GBrain MRI segmentation performance was
evaluated by comparing the software-derived segmentations to a Simultaneous Truth and
Performance Level Estimation (STAPLE) algorithm generated consensus of three expert-labeled
segmentations of hyperintensities for volume measurement accuracy, and segmentation overlap
agreement. Comparisons to expert segmentations were quantified using OLS Regression, and
Dice similarity coefficient (extent of software-derived vs. ground truth overlap). The three
expert labeled segmentations were performed by three independent US board certified,
experienced neuroradiologists.
Contrast Enhancement measurements were validated on 131 patient cases. These cases were
collected from four separate hospital systems based in Alabama, Florida, Kentucky, and
California to ensure geographic diversity and reasonable similarity to the broader US patient
population, as well as adequate coverage of MRI manufacturers, models, and acquisition
protocols. This external dataset used for validation was independent from the internal training
datasets. Acceptance criteria were set at clinically acceptable levels.
Distribution of Validation cases across Age, Gender, and Ethnicity are shown in the tables below.

 Age                     T1w Post Contrast Cases

     19-45                                                       18

     46-92                                                       70


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                     Page 9 of 11


 Age                     T1w Post Contrast Cases

    Unknown/Missing                                             43


 Gender                   T1w Post Contrast Cases

   Female                                                        68

   Male                                                          52

   Unknown/Missing                                               11


 Ethnicity/Race              T1w Post Contrast Cases

   White                                                         99

   Black                                                         11

   Latino                                                        4

   Asian                                                         5

   Unknown/Missing/Other                                         12

Distribution of Validation cases across Manufacturer and Field Strength are shown in the tables
below.

 Manufacturer              T1w Post Contrast Cases

  GE                                                           30

   Philips                                                        41

   Siemens                                                       59


 Field Strength              T1w Post Contrast Cases

   1.5T                                                        73

  3T                                                          40


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                    Page 10 of 11


 Field Strength              T1w Post Contrast Cases

  Unknown                                                    18

The lower bound for the 95% CI for R2 on volume measurement was 0.94 for Contrast
Enhancement, while the lower bound of the 95% CI for DICE was 0.81. Reproducibility testing
showed R2 value of 0.92.
GBrain performance generally increased with increase in size and brightness of the
hyperintensity measured. Hyperintensity brightness was measured as a Z score, measuring the
brightness of the hyperintensity as compared to the rest of normal brain tissue. The performance
of GBrain for FLAIR and Contrast Enhancement measurements is shown in the tables below.
Contrast Enhancement Measurement performance related to Hyperintensity Size

    Volume (cm3)            R2                  Median DICE

 Small less than 4.2 cm3                    0.68                                     0.73

 Between 4.2-64.9 cm3                      0.90                                     0.85

Contrast Enhancement Measurement performance related to Hyperintensity Brightness

        Z-score              R2                   Median DICE

 0 – 1.49                                   0.87                                     0.69

 1.5 – 1.99                                 1.00                                     0.79

 2.0 – 2.99                                 0.96                                     0.81

 3.0+                                      0.94                                     0.87

The results of the segmentation performance testing demonstrated that the GBrain MRI system
segments hyperintensities with an accuracy that passed the planned acceptance criteria.  It is
concluded that GBrain MRI segmentation is sufficiently accurate to be used in clinical practice
in accordance with its indications for use.

   7.1.  Conclusion

The comparison between the two devices demonstrates that GBrain MRI is as safe and as
effective as its predicates. The devices have substantially equivalent intended uses, intended
users, and principles of operation. They have the same basic design, functions, and technological


 510(k) Summary

510(k) Summary

                                                                    Page 11 of 11

characteristics. V&V testing demonstrated that the subject device performed with similar
accuracy and reliability as the predicate device to meet its intended use specifications.
Therefore, GBrain MRI is substantially equivalent to its predicate devices without raising any
new concerns relating to safety or effectiveness.


 510(k) Summary