December 19, 2025

Csd Labs
℅ Allison Komiyama
VP, MedTech Innovation
Rqm+
2790 Mosside Blvd.
#800
Monroeville, Pennsylvania 14156

Re: K252284
    Trade/Device Name: eMurmur Heart AI (2.2)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1875
    Regulation Name: Stethoscope
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQD, DQC
    Dated: December 2, 2025
    Received: December 2, 2025

Dear Allison Komiyama:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K252284 - Allison Komiyama                                                          Page  2


FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an
established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these

K252284 - Allison Komiyama                                                          Page  3


requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K252284

Device Name

eMurmur Heart AI (2.2)

Indications for Use (Describe)
The eMurmur Heart AI software is a decision support system for the automated evaluation of recorded patient heart
sounds. It identifies the first (S1) and second (S2) heart sounds, the presence of abnormal heart murmurs, and the absence
of abnormal heart murmurs, with the latter including cases of no murmurs and innocent murmurs. eMurmur Heart AI also
determines the average loudness of individual heart sound components, including S1, systole, S2, and diastole, as well as
their respective loudness ratios.

eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use in settings where auscultation can be performed properly by a healthcare provider.
It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart sound interpretations offered by eMurmur Heart AI are only
significant when considered in conjunction with healthcare provider over-read and including all other relevant patient
data. eMurmur Heart AI is intended for use on pediatric and adult patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                                K252284
                      CSD Labs’ eMurmur Heart AI


SPONSOR
Company name:         CSD Labs GmbH
Company address:         Krenngasse 12
                       8010 Graz
                            Austria
Contact Person:           Andreas Reinisch
Date Prepared:          December 18, 20252284


CONSULTANT
Company name:        RQM+
Contact Person:             Allison Komiyama, PhD, RAC

DEVICE
Trade Name:           eMurmur Heart AI (2.2)
Common or usual name:   Computer Aided Auscultation, Heart Sounds Analyzer
Classification name:         Electronic Stethoscope; Phonocardiograph;
Regulation number:       21 CFR 870.1875, 870.2390
Product code:           DQD, DQC
Device class:                Class II
Reviewing panel:           Cardiology
PREDICATE DEVICE
Company                Product                   510(k)
CSD Labs GmbH         eMurmur Heart AI        K220766


                                                                                      K252284
                                                                                  Page 1 of 5

INDICATIONS FOR USE
The eMurmur Heart AI software is a decision support system for the automated evaluation of recorded
patient heart sounds. It identifies the first (S1) and second (S2) heart sounds, the presence of abnormal
heart murmurs, and the absence of abnormal heart murmurs, with the latter including cases of no
murmurs and innocent murmurs. eMurmur Heart AI also determines the average loudness of
individual heart sound components, including S1, systole, S2, and diastole, as well as their respective
loudness ratios.
eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use in settings where auscultation can be performed properly by a
healthcare provider. It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart sound interpretations
offered by eMurmur Heart AI are only significant when considered in conjunction with healthcare
provider over-read and including all other relevant patient data. eMurmur Heart AI is intended for use
on pediatric and adult patients.
DEVICE DESCRIPTION
To analyze heart sounds using eMurmur Heart AI, a digital recording of a patient’s heart sounds is
required. Recordings are made using any supported digital stethoscope, connected to a front-end
client. The recorded auscultation data are transmitted from the front-end client to the eMurmur
backend, which hosts eMurmur Heart AI. After analysis by eMurmur Heart AI, the results are returned
to the front-end client where they are displayed to the user. The user can utilize the eMurmur Heart
AI results to support their decision-making process regarding the potential presence of an abnormal
heart murmur, and to assist them when investigating potential changes among longitudinally recorded
heart sounds.

eMurmur is a multiple function software platform which includes the eMurmur apps and eMurmur
web portal. The platform is used to stream, record, display, replay, and store auscultation data,
recorded by means of supported digital stethoscopes, i.e., functions that are not subject to regulatory
oversight.

The eMurmur multiple function software platform also has functions subject to FDA premarket review,
i.e., eMurmur Heart AI. For this application, FDA assessed those functions only to the extent that they
could adversely impact the safety and effectiveness of the functions subject to FDA premarket review.
TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
eMurmur Heart AI performs automated heart sound analysis to support users in the evaluation of
heart sounds. eMurmur Heart AI features the following technological characteristics:

    1.   It is hosted on a server and accessed through the eMurmur backend, which communicates
       with front-end clients over secure, encrypted connections. The eMurmur backend features
        state-of-the-art cybersecurity features.
    2.   It requires a digital heart sound recording - made with any supported digital stethoscope - and
       the patient’s age as input. The list of supported stethoscopes for eMurmur Heart AI may be
       extended by following a Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP).
    3.   It provides heart sound analysis results along with additional supporting information to the
        user.
    4.   It interfaces with the eMurmur Transformer, a software accessory that enables compatibility
       with multiple digital stethoscope models for use with eMurmur Heart AI.


                                                                                            K252284
                                                                                        Page 2 of 5

PERFORMANCE DATA
eMurmur Heart AI (version 2.2) is an upgraded version of its predicate device eMurmur Heart AI
(version 1.0). All applicable verification methods that were performed for the predicate were also
performed for the current device.
The dataset used to validate and obtain clearance for the predicate device was augmented with new,
previously unseen data, to minimize the risk of overestimating device performance. The resulting
dataset was not used during training of eMurmur Heart AI (2.2). The dataset includes heart sound
recordings from both pediatric and adult subjects. Of these, 50% had a confirmed abnormal murmur,
while the remaining 50% were confirmed to have no abnormal murmur. The ground truth classification
was determined by three board-certified cardiologists based on majority consensus.
During validation, the dataset was analyzed by both eMurmur Heart AI (2.2) and its predicate device
eMurmur Heart AI (1.0), and their findings were compared against the same ground truth. Noninferiority is established using confidence intervals for paired data with continuity correction for the
true difference in sensitivity or specificity. The results demonstrate that eMurmur Heart AI (2.2)
achieves performance non-inferior to that of the predicate device. The detailed validation outcomes,
including 95% confidence intervals, are summarized in the table below.
            eMurmur Heart AI (2.2)             eMurmur Heart AI (1.0) (predicate)
 Sensitivity    90.0% (78.8%-95.9%)                86.7% (74.9%-93.7%)
 Specificity    90.0% (78.8%-95.9%)                88.3% (76.8%-94.8%)
 Accuracy     90.0% (82.8%-94.5%)                87.5% (79.9%-92.6%)


SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
eMurmur Heart AI (2.2) is an upgraded version of its predicate device. The intended use of eMurmur
Heart AI (2.2) remains the same as the intended use of the predicate eMurmur Heart AI (1.0). Both
are intended to analyze heart sounds and aid the user in the evaluation of patient heart sounds.
eMurmur Heart AI (2.2) has similar indications for use as the predicate. The upgrade introduces a new
feature that determines the average loudness of individual heart sound components, including S1,
systole, S2, and diastole. This new feature has been validated, its technological characteristics have no
negative effect on the safety and effectiveness of eMurmur Heart AI (2.2).


                    Table 1. Substantial Equivalence Summary Comparison Table

                    eMurmur Heart AI (2.2)             eMurmur Heart AI (1.0) (predicate)
  Indications for Use     The eMurmur Heart AI software is a     The eMurmur Heart AI software is a
                           decision support system for the           decision support system in the
                       automated evaluation of recorded        evaluation of recorded patient heart
                           patient heart sounds. It identifies the     sounds. The automated analysis by
                                   first (S1) and second (S2) heart sounds,  eMurmur Heart AI identifies specific
                         the presence of abnormal heart          heart sounds that may be present,
                       murmurs, and the absence of abnormal   including S1, S2, physiological heart
                          heart murmurs, with the latter          murmurs, pathologic heart murmurs
                            including cases of no murmurs and      and the absence of a heart murmur.
                         innocent murmurs.
                                                  eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use
                                                                            in a setting where auscultation would


                                                                                            K252284
                                                                                        Page 3 of 5

eMurmur Heart AI also determines the   typically be performed by a healthcare
                       average loudness of individual heart      provider. It is not intended as a sole
                     sound components, including S1,       means of diagnosis. The heart sound
                           systole, S2, and diastole, as well as        interpretations offered by eMurmur
                           their respective loudness ratios.         Heart AI are only significant when
                                                              considered in conjunction with                  eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use
                                                                healthcare provider over-read and                            in settings where auscultation can be
                                                                   including all other relevant patient                     performed properly by a healthcare
                                                                  data.                         provider. It is not intended as a sole
                   means of diagnosis. The heart sound
                         interpretations offered by eMurmur
                      Heart AI are only significant when
                       considered in conjunction with
                        healthcare provider over-read and
                         including all other relevant patient
                         data. eMurmur Heart AI is intended for
                      use on pediatric and adult patients.

User Population          Identical.                              Healthcare provider licensed or trained
                                                                to perform auscultation.
Analyzes Heart         •   Detects the presence of abnormal    •   Detects the presence or absence
Sounds                     heart murmurs or the absence of         of a heart murmur.
                         abnormal heart murmurs           •   Distinguishes between normal
                               (including cases of no murmurs            (physiological) and pathologic
                        and innocent murmurs).                 heart murmurs.
                       •   Detects S1 and S2 heart sounds.     •   Detects S1 and S2 heart sounds.
                       •   Determines the loudness of
                               individual heart sound
                         components, including S1, systole,
                              S2, and diastole, as well as their
                             respective loudness ratios.
Accessories            •   Any supported digital stethoscope    Digital stethoscope ‘Littmann 3200’.
                          model.
                       •  eMurmur Transformer, a software
                            accessory that enables
                              compatibility with multiple digital
                           stethoscope models.
Cybersecurity          Encrypted internet traffic, data stored    Encrypted internet traffic, data stored
                            in the database on the backend is          in the database on the backend is
                        encrypted, data in the database is        encrypted, data in the database is
                        duplicated to another database in a      duplicated to another database in a
                          different datacenter, no protected        different datacenter, no protected
                        health information is stored on the       health information is stored on the
                          user’s devices, user needs to              user’s devices, user needs to
                         authenticate, user can only access        authenticate, user can only access
                        authorized data. Private networking      authorized data.
                      exposes only the eMurmur backend
                       API and no other resources, e.g.,
                   eMurmur Heart AI or the eMurmur
                        database, to the internet.
Performance Data        Sensitivity: 90.0% (78.8%-95.9%)           Sensitivity: 86.7% (74.9%-93.7%)
                            Specificity: 90.0% (78.8%-95.9%)           Specificity: 88.3% (76.8%-94.8%)
                        Accuracy: 90.0% (82.8%-94.5%)         Accuracy: 87.5% (79.9%-92.6%)


                                                                                          K252284
                                                                                      Page 4 of 5

PREDETERMINED CHANGE CONTROL PLAN (PCCP)
eMurmur Heart AI has an FDA-authorized Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP), which enables
the addition of new stethoscope models for use with eMurmur Heart AI while maintaining the device’s
intended use, safety, and effectiveness. Modifications under the PCCP are limited to device
compatibility updates and do not alter the functionality of eMurmur Heart AI.
Planned modifications: update of the eMurmur Transformer to support new stethoscope models.
Recordings made with supported stethoscopes are processed by the eMurmur Transformer software,
before being analyzed by eMurmur Heart AI. The eMurmur Transformer ensures consistent analysis
across all supported recording devices. Adding a new stethoscope model does not affect already
supported stethoscope models. eMurmur Heart AI itself is not affected by the modification.
For each  modification,  testing and  validation  activities are performed  to ensure continued
performance of eMurmur Heart AI. To that end, recordings are collected from patients at multiple
locations using the new stethoscope model to be added. The sample size is determined with a power
of 80% and a confidence level of 95%. The ground truth classification - "abnormal murmur present" or
"healthy" - is determined by three board-certified cardiologists through majority consensus.
Validation of a modification  is considered successful only  if results demonstrate non-inferior
eMurmur Heart AI performance for the new stethoscope compared to the performance of an already
supported stethoscope  model.  Non-inferiority  is  established  using  confidence  intervals  for
unpaired data with continuity correction for the true difference in sensitivity or specificity.
If validation is not successful, then the modification is not implemented - meaning the respective
stethoscope model will not be supported by eMurmur Heart AI.
Users are informed about the implemented modification through updated labeling. Specifically, a
table is provided that  lists  all supported stethoscopes. Whenever a new stethoscope model  is
added in accordance with this PCCP, the new stethoscope model will be included in the table.
The table is accessible through the User Manual.

CONCLUSION
The medical device eMurmur Heart AI has a the same intended use, and similar indications for use,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate. The minor differences
that exist between eMurmur  Heart  AI and  the  predicate  don’t  raise new  questions  of
safety  or  effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate, that the safety and effectiveness of
eMurmur Heart AI are equivalent compared to the  predicate. Thus, eMurmur Heart AI  is
substantially equivalent.


                                                                                            K252284
                                                                                        Page 5 of 5