December 5, 2025

Alimetry Ltd.
℅ Lina Kontos
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K252504
    Trade/Device Name:  Gastric Alimetry
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1735
    Regulation Name: Electrogastrography System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYE
    Dated: August 8, 2025
    Received: August 8, 2025

Dear Lina Kontos:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252504 - Lina Kontos                                                               Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252504 - Lina Kontos                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                SIVAKAMI VENKATACHALAM -S

                                                  for
                                              Shanil P. Haugen, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                              Obesity and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K252504                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
 Gastric Alimetry


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 The Gastric Alimetry System  is intended to record, store, view and process gastric myoelectrical activity as
 an aid in the diagnosis of various gastric disorders.
 The modified Gastric Alimetry System  is indicated for patients 12 years and older.


  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as    ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                                                           [  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I


Gastric Alimetry                                                                                  Page 9 of 51

K252504
                                                                              Page 1 of 9


                                 510(K) SUMMARY
                               Alimetry’s Gastric Alimetry

Submitter

Alimetry Ltd.

Address:     70 Symonds St.
              Grafton
             Auckland 1010
          New Zealand

Phone: +64 27 622 2306

Contact Person: Yaara Yarmut, Chief Regulatory Officer.

Date Prepared: 8 August 2025


Name of Device: Gastric Alimetry

Common or Usual Name: Gastric Alimetry System

Classification Name: Electrogastrography system, 21 CFR 876.1735

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: MYE


Predicate Devices

Trade Name: Gastric Alimetry (K240946) (primary predicate)

Manufacturer: Alimetry Ltd.


Device Description

The Gastric Alimetry System is an electrogastrography (EGG) device, used for non-invasively
measuring the myoelectrical activity of the stomach at the surface of the abdomen. The Gastric
Alimetry System is intended to record, store, view and process gastric myoelectrical activity as an
aid in the diagnosis of various gastric disorders.

The device is used to acquire and digitize gastric myoelectrical data and movement artifacts using
the Alimetry Reader connected to a single use Gastric Alimetry Array which includes electrodes
on an adhesive patch used for recording the myoelectrical data from the skin surface. The Gastric
Alimetry App runs on an iPad mini and is used to set up the device and capture patient-reported
symptom data. The Gastric Alimetry Report is provided to the clinicians at the end of the test and
includes myoelectrical signal data for manual analysis, together with computed data summaries
and plots. A Supplementary Report is also routinely available to clinicians that includes signal data
from all 64 channels on the array. The Alimetry Cloud acts as a secure website portal for physicians


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                            Page 2 of 9


to access Gastric Alimetry Reports. The Gastric Alimetry Dock (Accessory) is used to guide
alignment of the Array and Reader during the setup procedure and charge the Reader.

The Gastric Alimetry System is non-invasive and used in healthcare facilities.

The device is mostly unchanged compared to the previously cleared Gastric Alimetry System,
apart for the following modifications:

    Modifications to the Gastric Alimetry Algorithm:
     -   Replacement of the existing signal noise filter with a convolutional neural network (CNN)
      and additional updates to the processing pipeline of the algorithm to improve performance.

    Modifications to the Gastric Alimetry Report:
     -   Addition of grouping symptoms into subgroups, including an overall symptom score per
       subgroup.
     -   Updating presentation of spectral and symptom data.
     -   Addition of symptom tags to describe common symptom patterns.
     -   Addition of visual indicators for spectral metrics which are outside of the reference intervals
      and a summary of the spectral metric values.
     -   Addition of subgroup scores in the ‘Gut-Brain Wellbeing’ page.
     -   Addition of caution statements that are shown on the report when test quality metrics are
       outside of target ranges and/or non-standard test protocols are used.
     -   Addition of a plot of average impedance over time and modification of movement index
         plot.
     -   Addition of Gut-Brain Wellbeing questions for adolescents between the ages of 12-17
        years.
     -  Removal of guidelines from the report and the release of a separate guidelines document.
     -   Rearranging information in the reports.

Additional minor updates were made to the Reader, Cloud, Algorithm, App and labeling.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Gastric Alimetry System is intended to record, store, view and process gastric myoelectrical
activity as an aid in the diagnosis of various gastric disorders.

The Gastric Alimetry System is indicated for use in patients 12 years and older.

There are no changes to the intended use in the modified Gastric Alimetry System, which has the
same intended use as the predicate Gastric Alimetry System (K240946).

Technological Characteristics / Substantial Equivalence

The modified Gastric Alimetry System retains the same core technological characteristics as the
predicate Gastric Alimetry system. Both systems utilize identical hardware components: the
Alimetry Reader, Gastric Alimetry Array, Gastric Alimetry Dock, and a commercial off-the-shelf
iPad mini managed by a mobile device management system. Both systems also utilize an
equivalent secure Alimetry Cloud for data storage and access. The fundamental function of
recording, storing, viewing, and processing gastric myoelectrical activity remains unchanged, and
the general content of the generated reports is similar, with minor modifications:


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                            Page 3 of 9

•  Changes to the signal processing pipeline: Replacement of the existing signal noise filter with
   a convolutional neural network (CNN), increasing the threshold for determining where artifacts
   were corrected or removed and additional updates to the processing pipeline of the algorithm
    to improve performance.
•   Modifications to the Gastric Alimetry Report, including: Addition of grouping symptoms into
   nausea & vomiting, pain, postprandial distress, and burning & reflux subgroups, including an
    overall symptom score per subgroup, removing radar plot, event count, total symptom burden
    bars, and app use plot from the ‘Symptom’ pages, addition of symptom tags to describe
   common symptom patterns and Sensorimotor tags  if correlation > 0.5, addition of visual
    indicators for spectral metrics which are outside of the reference intervals, addition of subgroup
   scores in the ‘Gut-Brain Wellbeing’ page and Gut-Brain Wellbeing questions for adolescents,
    addition of caution statements when test quality metrics are outside of target ranges and/or
   non-standard test protocols are used, and addition of a plot of average impedance over time.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                   Gastric Alimetry System   Gastric Alimetry System  Discussion
                                                 (predicate)
 Intended Use     To record, store, view and   To record, store, view and  Same as the
                   process gastric             process gastric              predicate.
                     myoelectrical activity as an   myoelectrical activity as
                     aid to the diagnosis of      an aid to the diagnosis of
                     various gastric disorders.     various gastric disorders.
 Indications for     Patients 12 years and older  Patients 12 years and     Same as the
 Use                                              older                        predicate.
 User Population   Medical professionals to     Medical professionals to   Same as the
                     set up and use the system    set up and use the system   predicate.

                     Patients 12 years and older  Patients 12 years and
                      Specialist GI physicians      older
                                                     Specialist GI physicians
 Technological
 Characteristics
 Setup and         Gastric Alimetry Dock for     Gastric Alimetry Dock for   Same as the
 Charging Dock    charging and user           charging and user           predicate.
                   convenience               convenience

 Electrodes        Disposable; same           Disposable; same       Same as the
                 components as ECG       components as ECG        predicate.
                     electrodes.                   electrodes.
                     Peel-and-stick patch.         Peel-and-stick patch.

 Weight of device  225 grams - Reader and    225 grams - Reader and   Same as the
 on patient         Array                       Array                        predicate.

 Sampling        raw sampling: 250 Hz       raw sampling: 250 Hz     Same as the
 Frequency         logging: 4 Hz                 logging: 4 Hz                predicate.

 Low Frequency  DC                DC                 Same as the
 Range                                                                         predicate.


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                             Page 4 of 9


 High frequency   2 Hz                    2 Hz                Same as the
 range                                                                          predicate.

 Number of       64 (+2 reference)          64 (+2 reference)        Same as the
 channels                                                                      predicate.

 Electrode to      Reader located on the      Reader located on the     Same as the
 recorder          Array and directly           Array and directly            predicate.
 interface         connected to it.             connected to it.

 Screen           Dedicated tablet for system  Dedicated tablet for      Same as the
                    operation                 system operation            predicate.

 Motion Sensor    Accelerometer              Accelerometer          Same as the
                                                                                 predicate.

 Power Source     Battery powered             Battery powered         Same as the
                                                                                 predicate.
 Reporting
 Features
 Visualization of   Yes, all channels. Both the   Yes, all channels.        Same as the
 myoelectrical      top ranked and all channels                                predicate. The
 waveforms        are shown in the                                               distribution of
                   supplementary report. Top                                information between
                  ranked channels have been                              the Standard and
                moved from the Standard                             Supplementary
                   Report to the                                         Reports has
                  Supplementary Report.                               changed, but the
                                                          same information is
                                                                                                                           still present.

 Automated       Yes, by short-time Fourier-   Yes, by short-time Fourier-   Similar. The method
 Spectral           transform with four-minute    transform with four-minute   for calculating the
 Analysis         windows and 75% overlap,   windows and 75% overlap,  spectrogram is
                  averaged across the top     averaged across the top    unchanged. Updates
                  ranked channels.           ranked channels.             to the parameters
                  Channels are ranked using   Channels are ranked       used for channel
                 a weighted combination of   using a weighted           ranking impact a
                    the power, power           combination of the power,   very small proportion
                        distribution, impedance,     power distribution,           of tests. The effect of
                 amount of data removed,    impedance, and amount of  these updates on
                 and in addition, amount of    data removed.                test outputs are
                 change resulting from                               assessed and shown
                   smoothing.                                                   to be substantially
                                                                              equivalent to the
                                                                                 predicate. Therefore,
                                                                         these changes raise
                                                                no new questions of
                                                                                safety or efficacy.


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                            Page 5 of 9


 Artifact         By manual identification of   By manual identification of   Similar.
 Evaluation        noise in waveforms and      noise in waveforms and      Artifact detection is
                     with reference to motion      with reference to motion     substantially
                    sensor.                     sensor.                     equivalent to
                      Additionally provides          Additionally provides        predicate threshold.
                  automated noise detection   automated noise detection  The current noise
                        for convenience. Detection    for convenience.                 filter is being
                     threshold is slightly less       Artifacts in myoelectrical    replaced with
                      sensitive than predicate      signals are automatically    convolutional neural
                      threshold.                   corrected or removed       networks (CNNs).
                        Artifacts in myoelectrical     using a modified Wiener     This difference does
                     signals are automatically       Filter.                      not raise any
                    corrected or removed using  Samples with impedance    questions of safety
                    locked convolutional neural  > 500 kΩ are removed.      or efficacy, as the
                   networks (CNNs).                                       output of the device
                 Samples with impedance >                                       is the same with the
                 1000 kΩ are removed.                                   only difference being
                                                                             the manner in which
                                                                             the signal is
                                                                     processed prior to
                                                                                  analysis.

 Frequency and    Yes, data tables, and        Yes, data tables, and        Similar. Slight
 Amplitude of       visualization by spectral      visualization by spectral     adjustments to the
 Myoelectrical     graphs and myoelectrical    graphs and myoelectrical    spectral graph,
 Activity          waveforms.                waveforms.                  Principal Gastric
                  Data tables include         Data tables include        Frequency
                   normative reference         normative reference          calculation, and
                        intervals.                       intervals.                   metric display criteria
                   Amplitude presented as      Amplitude presented as     impact a very small
                    ‘BMI-Adjusted Amplitude’.    ‘BMI-Adjusted Amplitude’.   proportion of tests.
                  Frequency presented as     Frequency presented as     Spectral graph
                       ‘Principal Gastric              ‘Principal Gastric          change does not
                    Frequency’.                 Frequency’.                impact underlying
                  Frequency is not shown in   Frequency is not shown in   data, only its visual
                    the data tables if the         the data tables if            representation.
                   rhythm index is low for a     amplitude or rhythm index   Principal Gastric
                    given time period.               is low for a given time      Frequency is shown
                                                    period.                        to be substantially
                  Frequency and amplitude    Frequency and amplitude   equivalent to
                    are not shown if 25% of the  are not shown if 50% of      predicate. Therefore,
                   data is missing from a        the data is missing from a   these changes raise
                    given time period.           given time period.         no new questions of
                                                                                safety or efficacy.

 Other            Presented in data tables,    Presented in data tables,    Similar. Changes to
 Myoelectrical     and visualization by        and visualization by         the rhythm index
 Parameters        spectral graphs and          spectral graphs and          calculation and
                     myoelectrical waveforms.     myoelectrical waveforms.    metric display criteria
                 Measure of rhythmic        Measure of rhythmic        impact a very small
                         stability presented as          stability presented as        proportion of tests.
                                                              The rhythm index


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                              Page 6 of 9


                      ‘Gastric Alimetry Rhythm     ‘Gastric Alimetry Rhythm   and amplitude ratio
                      Index’.                        Index’.                 shown to be
                 Measure of gastric         Measure of gastric           substantially
                  response to meal stimulus   response to meal stimulus   equivalent to
                   presented as ‘Fed:Fasted    presented as ‘Fed:Fasted   predicate. Therefore,
                   Amplitude Ratio’.            Amplitude Ratio’.           these changes raise
                Rhythm index and         Rhythm index and         no new questions of
                    amplitude ratio are not       amplitude ratio are not       safety or efficacy.
                shown if 25% of the data is  shown if 50% of the data
                   missing from a given time     is missing from a given
                      period.                      time period.
                  Data tables include         Data tables include
                   normative reference         normative reference
                        intervals.                       intervals.
                   Other measures of          Other measures of
                     myoelectrical activity (e.g.    myoelectrical activity (e.g.
           % time in frequency     % time in frequency
                    ranges, wave propagation,   ranges, wave propagation,
                       etc) can be assessed         etc) can be assessed
                       visually using the              visually using the
                   spectrogram, amplitude      spectrogram, amplitude
                         plot, and/or signal traces.      plot, and/or signal traces.

 Symptom        Each symptom severity and  Each symptom severity      Similar. The
 Outputs         symptom event is shown as  and symptom event is     symptom output
                 a function of time. The      shown as a function of      presentation has
                     Total Symptom Burden       time. The Total Symptom   been updated so that
                  Score is displayed in a      Burden Score is displayed   the radar plot is
                      table in the Supplementary    in a table.                  replaced by
                    Report.                 The average symptom      presentation of
                       In addition, the symptoms    severity for each symptom  symptom subgroups
                    are grouped into ‘nausea &    is shown in a radar plot.    and scores.
                      vomiting’, ‘pain’,           The Total Symptom       The subject device
                      ‘postprandial distress’, and   Burden Score and          includes wellbeing
                     ‘burning & reflux’          symptom event counts are  questions for
                   subgroups, including an     shown using summary bar   patients aged 12
                      overall symptom score per   graphs.                   years and older,
                   subgroup. The symptom    The gastric amplitude and   whereas the
                   event counts are shown     symptom severities are      predicate limited the
                  under the appropriate      shown on a shared axis,    survey to patients
                symptom subgroups.        normalized so that they     aged 18 and older.
                    Patterns of symptoms       can be visually compared.   Scores displayed
                   (Meal Induced, Meal       The corresponding         beside the
                       Alleviated, Late Onset,        correlation coefficients are  subgroups can be
                   Continuous, or none) are     displayed as a bar graph.   manually verified by
                     automatically identified     Ten questions are        summing the
                   beside symptom plots.       presented to the patient      individual question
                The gastric amplitude and    (ages 18 and up) on the     responses. The
                symptom severities are     App during the test. The    scores do not
                shown on a shared axis,      Patient’s response is        introduce any new
                   normalized so that they can  captured and provided to    information which


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                             Page 7 of 9


                 be visually compared. The   the clinician in the Gastric   could not already be
                   corresponding correlation    Alimetry Report. The       manually extracted
                       coefficients are displayed    responses are grouped     from the survey
                  as a bar graph. A symptom  under ‘depressive            results.
                  can be tagged as           symptoms’, ‘stress
                     ‘Sensorimotor’ if there is a   symptoms’, and ‘anxiety
                    strong correlation with       symptoms’. Gut-Brain
                      gastric amplitude.           Wellbeing Total Score
                Ten questions are            included.
                   presented to the patient
                   (ages 12 and up) on the
                App during the test. The
                      Patient’s response is
                   captured and provided to
                    the clinician in the Gastric
                     Alimetry Report. The
                  responses are grouped
                  under ‘depressive
                   symptoms’, ‘stress
                   symptoms’, and ‘anxiety
                   symptoms’. A score is
                    displayed beside each
                   subgroup. Gut-Brain
                   Wellbeing Total Score
                     included.

 Technical /        Yes. Impedance, artifacts,   Yes. Impedance, artifacts,   Similar. The same
 recording           test protocol (test duration,    test duration, meal type,     quality parameters
 quality outputs   meal type, and meal        meal consumption, BMI,    are reported,
                    consumption), BMI.        movement. Additionally     however the
                 movement. Array position   shows Array position and    presentation in the
                 and spatial distribution of     spatial distribution of        subject device is
                    amplitude included in the     amplitude for user         updated and
                  Supplementary Report.      convenience.               includes cautions
                                                           when test quality
                   Test quality cautions are                              parameters are
                    also included if quality                                   outside the
                   parameters are outside the                        recommended
                recommended range.                                   range. Addition of
                                                                     average impedance
                                                                                time-series plot
                                                                                     offers another way to
                                                                       view the existing
                                                                 impedance data
                                                                               (temporally in
                                                                                 addition to spatially)
                                                                and does not impact
                                                                  any other
                                                                             processing. Its
                                                                          intended use is very
                                                                                      similar to the


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                              Page 8 of 9


                                                             movement index plot
                                                                            already shown in the
                                                                            Report, so this
                                                                 change raises no
                                                          new questions of
                                                                                safety or efficacy.
 Safety Features

 Biocompatibility  Array and Reader in         Array and Reader in      Same as the
                    contact with the patient.      contact with the patient.     predicate.

 Software         Setup (including clinical     Setup (including clinical    Same as the
                      data), device control, data    data), device control, data   predicate.
                      acquisition software and      acquisition software and
                  system checks via App      system checks via App
                    running on a tablet.          running on a tablet.

 System Checks   Impedance monitor and     Impedance monitor and    Same as the
                      connectivity check            connectivity check           predicate.
                    displayed prior to            displayed prior to
                     recordings.                  recordings.

 Skin Preparation  Yes. Shave, measure, skin   Yes. Shave, measure, skin  Same as the
                   prep with abrasive          prep with abrasive           predicate.
                    conductive gel              conductive gel
                      Additional array template     Additional array template
                   marking step for            marking step for
                   convenience.               convenience.

 Instructions to    Yes. User instructs patient   Yes. User instructs patient  Same as the
 Patient             to limit movement, talking     to limit movement, talking    predicate.
                 and sleeping.             and sleeping.
                      Additional step of             Additional step of
                     displaying these              displaying these
                      instructions to patient via     instructions to patient via
                App as an added safety     App as an added safety
                  measure.                 measure.

 Sterilization       Electrodes are disposable,   Electrodes are disposable,  Same as the
                       non-sterile.                    non-sterile.                  predicate.
                 Reader and Dock are       Reader and Dock are
                    reprocessed, not supplied    reprocessed, not supplied
                          sterile. Cleaning and           sterile. Cleaning and
                       disinfection instructions       disinfection instructions
                    using wipes provided.        using wipes provided.
 Standards with
 which the
 Device
 Complies


\\4148-9966-9071 v1

K252504
                                                                            Page 9 of 9


 Electrodes       ANSI/AAMI EC12:2000 –    ANSI/AAMI EC12:2000 –   Same as the
                   compliance with relevant     compliance with relevant    predicate.
                    requirements.               requirements.

 Medical         IEC 60601-1              IEC 60601-1           Same as the
 Electrical                                                                      predicate.
 Equipment

 Electromagnetic  IEC 60601-1-2            IEC 60601-1-2          Same as the
 Compatibility                                                                 predicate.


Performance Data

The modifications to the device since the prior clearances, namely updates to the processing
pipeline of the algorithm, and modifications to the Report, including addition of grouping symptoms
into subgroups with an overall symptom score per subgroup, addition of visual indicators for
spectral metrics and caution statements for quality metrics, addition of symptom tags, addition of
subgroup scores to wellbeing responses and additional modifications to presentation of data, did
not significantly impact the safety or performance of the device as reflected in the performed bench
testing, in addition to bench testing submitted in prior 510(k) notices.

Conclusions

The modified Gastric Alimetry System is as safe and effective as the Gastric Alimetry System. The
Gastric Alimetry System has the same intended uses and indications, and similar technological
characteristics and principles of operation as  its predicate device.  The minor technological
differences between the modified Gastric Alimetry System and its predicate device raise no new
or different questions of safety or effectiveness.


\\4148-9966-9071 v1