September 29, 2025

Surgical Theater, Inc.
Kevin Murrock
Sr. Director, Quality & Regulatory
23645 Mercantile Road
Suite M
Beachwood, Ohio 44122


Re: K252054
    Trade/Device Name: SpineAR SNAP (SyncAR Spine)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: SBF, LLZ
    Dated: June 30, 2025
    Received: July 1, 2025

Dear Kevin Murrock:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252054 - Kevin Murrock                                                             Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252054 - Kevin Murrock                                                             Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                         Shumaya Ali -S
                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative,
                                                 Repair, and Trauma Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
im oar _ K252054

textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.

Please provide the device trade name(s).
SpineAR SNAP (SyncAR Spine)

Please provide your Indications for Use below.
SpineAR SNAP is intended for use for pre-operative surgical planning on-screen and in a virtual
environment, and intra-operative surgical planning and visualization on-screen and in an augmented
environment using the HoloLens2 AR headset display with validated navigation systems as identified in the
device labeling.
SpineAR SNAP is indicated for spinal stereotaxic surgery, and where reference to a rigid anatomical
structure, such as the spine, can be identified relative to images of the anatomy. SpineAR is intended for
use in spinal implant procedures, such as Pedicle Screw Placement, in the lumbar and thoracic regions with
the HoloLens2 AR headset.
The virtual display should not be relied upon solely for absolute positional information and should always be
used in conjunction with the displayed 2D stereotaxic information.

Please select the types of uses (select one or both,as  [X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

applicable). [5] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Page 1 of 1

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP

                                     510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance with 21 CFR
§807.92.

Date Prepared: 29-Sept-2025

510(k) Type: Traditional 510(k) for Device Modification

Manufacturer/Submitter:
       Surgical Theater, Inc.
      23645 Mercantile Road, Suite M
      Beachwood, Ohio 44122
      Phone: (330) 472-6520

       Establishment Registration Number: 3010197287

Contact Person:
      Kevin M. Murrock
        Sr. Director of Quality and Regulatory
      23645 Mercantile Road, Suite M
      Beachwood, Ohio 44122
      Phone: (330) 472-6520
       Email: kmurrock@surgicaltheater.com

Name of Device
       •  Trade Name:                SpineAR SNAP
       •  Other Device Trade Names:    SyncAR Spine
       •  Common Name:             Augmented Reality System
       •   Classification Name:            Orthopedic Stereotaxic Instrument
       •  Regulation Number:           21 CFR 882.4560
       •  Product Code:               SBF, LLZ
       •  Regulatory Classification:          II
       •  Device Panel:                  Orthopedic

Predicate Device
      Device Name: SpineAR SNAP
       Manufacturer: Surgical Theater, Inc.
       510(k) Number: K243623


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 1 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP

1.  Device Description:
The SpineAR SNAP does not require any custom hardware and is a software-based device that runs on a
high-performance desktop PC assembled using “commercial off-the-shelf” components that meet
minimum performance requirements.
The SpineAR SNAP software transforms 2D medical images into a dynamic interactive 3D scene with
multiple point of views for viewing on a high-definition (HD) touch screen monitor. The surgeon
prepares a pre-operative plan for stereotaxic spine surgery by inserting guidance objects such as
directional markers and virtual screws into the 3D scene. Surgical planning tools and functions are
available on-screen and when using a virtual reality (VR) headset. The use of a VR headset for
preoperative surgical planning further increases the surgeon’s immersion level in the 3D scene by
providing a 3D stereoscopic display of the same 3D scene displayed on the touch screen monitor.
By interfacing to a 3rd party navigation system such as a Medtronic StealthStation S8, the SpineAR
SNAP extracts the navigation data (i.e. tool position and orientation) and presents the navigation data
into the advanced interactive, high quality 3D image, with multiple point of views on a high-definition
(HD) touch screen monitor. Once connected, the surgeon can then execute the plan through the intraoperative use of the SpineAR SNAP’s enhanced visualization and guidance tools.
The SpineAR SNAP supports three (3) guidance options from which the surgeon selects the level of
guidance that will be shown in the 3D scene. The guidance options are dotted line (indicates deviation
distance), orientation line (indicates both distance and angular deviation), and ILS (indicates both
distance and angular deviation using crosshairs). Visual color-coded cues indicate alignment of the
tracker tip to the guidance object (e.g. green = aligned).
The SpineAR SNAP is capable of projecting all the live navigated and guidance information into an AR
headset such as the Microsoft HoloLens2 that is worn by the surgeon during surgery. When activated,
the surgeon sees a projection of the 3D model along with the optional live navigated DICOM (Floating
DICOM) and guidance cues. This AR projection is placed above, not directly over the patient in order to
not impede the surgeon’s field of view, but still allow the surgeon to visualize all the desired information
(navigation tracker, DICOM images, guidance data) while maintaining their focus on the patient and the
surgical field of view (see Figure 1).
SpineAR Software Version SPR.2.0.0 incorporates AI/ML-enabled vertebra segmentation into the
clinical workflow to optimize the preparation of a spine surgical plan for screw placement and
decompression. The use of the AI/ML device software function is not intended as a diagnostic tool, but
as visualization tool for surgical planning.
The use of AI/ML-enabled vertebrae segmentation streamlines the initial processing stage by generating
a segmented poly object of each volume-rendered vertebra that requires only minimal to no manual
processing, which may significantly reduce the overall processing time.


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 2 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP

2.  Intended Use / Indications for Use:
SpineAR SNAP is intended for use for pre-operative surgical planning on-screen and in a virtual
environment, and intra-operative surgical planning and visualization on-screen and in an augmented
environment using the HoloLens2 AR headset display with validated navigation systems as identified in
the device labeling.
SpineAR SNAP is indicated for spinal stereotaxic surgery, and where reference to a rigid anatomical
structure, such as the spine, can be identified relative to images of the anatomy. SpineAR is intended for
use in spinal implant procedures, such as Pedicle Screw Placement, in the lumbar and thoracic regions
with the HoloLens2 AR headset.
The virtual display should not be relied upon solely for absolute positional information and should
always be used in conjunction with the displayed 2D stereotaxic information.

3. Summary of Technological Comparison to Predicate
SpineAR SNAP was compared to its predicate device in intended use, indications for use, design,
function, and technology and it was demonstrated that they are substantially equivalent. Any
technological differences within this 510(k), between the subject and predicate devices, do not impact
substantial equivalence, or safety and effectiveness.

The following table is a comparison of the key technological characteristics of the subject and predicate
devices included in the scope of this 510(k).

 Feature                Predicate Device:            Modified Device:              Explanation of Differences
                    SpineAR SNAP            SpineAR SNAP
 Manufacturer            Surgical Theater, Inc.           Surgical Theater, Inc.          Same
 510(k) Number        K243623                   K252054              NA


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 3 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP


 Feature                Predicate Device:            Modified Device:              Explanation of Differences
                    SpineAR SNAP            SpineAR SNAP
 Indications for Use      SpineAR SNAP is intended    SpineAR SNAP is intended for   Magic Leap 1 AR headset is
                            for use for pre-operative        use for pre-operative surgical    no longer supported by the
                            surgical planning on-screen     planning on-screen and in a      manufacturer.
                       and in a virtual environment,     virtual environment, and intraand intra-operative surgical     operative surgical planning and
                         planning and visualization      visualization on-screen and in
                          on-screen and in an           an augmented environment
                       augmented environment        using the HoloLens2 AR
                         using the HoloLens2 and       headset display with validated
                      Magic Leap 1 AR headset      navigation systems as
                           displays with validated          identified in the device
                          navigation systems as            labeling.
                             identified in the device                                              SpineAR SNAP is indicated
                             labeling.                                                              for spinal stereotaxic surgery,
                     SpineAR SNAP is indicated    and where reference to a rigid
                            for spinal stereotaxic           anatomical structure, such as
                           surgery, and where reference    the spine, can be identified
                            to a rigid anatomical             relative to images of the
                             structure, such as the spine,     anatomy. SpineAR is intended
                        can be identified relative to      for use in spinal implant
                       images of the anatomy.         procedures, such as Pedicle
                     SpineAR is intended for use    Screw Placement, in the
                            in spinal implant procedures,   lumbar and thoracic regions
                        such as Pedicle Screw          with the HoloLens2 AR
                         Placement, in the lumbar and    headset.
                           thoracic regions with the                                              The virtual display should not
                      Magic Leap 1 and                                                   be relied upon solely for
                      HoloLens2 AR headsets.                                                          absolute positional information
                     The virtual display should     and should always be used in
                          not be relied upon solely for     conjunction with the displayed
                          absolute positional         2D stereotaxic information.
                          information and should
                        always be used in
                          conjunction with the
                          displayed 2D stereotaxic
                           information.
 Main system            •   Cart with computer,      Same                 NA
 components                 touchscreen monitor,
                    UPS and input devices.
                        •   Software application
                        •  AR Headset
                        •  VR Headset
 Augmented Reality      •   Magic Leap 1            HoloLens2                   Magic Leap 1 AR headset is
 (AR) Headset Display                                                         no longer supported by the                        •   HoloLens2
 for Intraoperative Use                                                                     manufacturer.


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 4 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP


 Feature                Predicate Device:            Modified Device:              Explanation of Differences
                    SpineAR SNAP            SpineAR SNAP
 Intraoperative          Yes                     Same                 NA
 visualization and
 guidance tools shown
 on a wireless AR
 headset display.
 Visual Guidance         1) Dotted Line              Same                 NA
 Options with color-       2) Orientation Line
 coded cues.                           3) ILS
 Connection to 3rd       Yes. Medtronic             Same                 NA
 party surgical             StealthStation S8 Spine
 navigation system to     Software v1.3.0
 track patient anatomy
 and surgical tools.
 System Accuracy        Provided by the connected    Same                 NA
 Requirements            3rd party navigation system
                          as the subject device does not
                          include a camera system or
                           tracking arrays.
                         Maintains the system
                         accuracy of the connected
                          navigation system.
                  3D positional accuracy with
                         a mean positional error of
                    ≤ 2.0 mm and mean trajectory
                            error of ≤ 2 degrees.
 Registration Features    All registration is performed   Same                 NA
                      by the connected 3rd party
                          navigation system.
 Medical Device        The system does not interface   Same                NA
 Interfaces                 directly with the imaging
                        modality device.
 Imaging Modalities     CT, MR and XA            Same                 NA
 Import Intraoperative    Transfer intraoperative        Download intraoperative         This change does not impact
 CT Scan                 registered CT scan via          registered CT scan directly        the intended purpose nor
                           portable media such as secure   from Medtronic StealthStation    does it raise questions of
                            flash drive.                    S8.                                safety and performance since
                                                                                    development, design
                                                                                                     verification, and validation
                                                                                         processes are the same for
                                                                                     both devices.


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 5 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP


 Feature                Predicate Device:            Modified Device:              Explanation of Differences
                    SpineAR SNAP            SpineAR SNAP
 Spine-specific         None                        •   AI/ML-enabled    vertebra  Enhancements in the clinical
 Advanced Algorithm                                       segmentation              workflow from the use of
 Planning Features                                    •   Pedicle Screw Planning      advanced algorithms does not
                                                                                   impact the intended purpose                                                     •   Segmental Fusion to                                                                                     nor does it raise questions of                                                                 align/fuse the segmented                                                                                               safety and performance since                                                               vertebra objects to the                                                                                    development, design                                                                 intraoperative CT scan.                                                                                                     verification, and validation
                                                                                         processes are the same for
                                                                                     both devices.


4. AI-Enabled Device Software Function
SpineAR Software Version SPR.2.0.0 includes AI/ML-enabled vertebra segmentation into workflow for
preparing a surgical plan for screw placement and decompression. The use of the AI/ML function is not
intended as a diagnostic tool.
    1.  Description of Class of Model
      The core of the system is a 3D U-Net, a type of neural network architecture that excels at
       medical image segmentation. The algorithm processes the scan iteratively, patch by patch, from
       the bottom upwards.
    A key feature is its use of a "memory" channel. As each vertebra is segmented, it is added to this
     memory channel. This informs the model of what has already been found, preventing it from resegmenting the same vertebra and guiding it to the next one in the sequence. This iterative
       approach allows the model to accurately segment every vertebra separately, using a single,
       robust process.
    2.  Description of the Development Datasets
      The model was trained from datasets independent from the performance validation datasets.

    CT Vertebrae Model Development: The model for CT vertebrae segmentation was developed
       using a large, combined dataset to maximize diversity.
     ●  Data Sources: The training data was aggregated from two independent, publicly-available
          academic datasets: VerSe 2020, TotalSegmentator.
     ●  Sample Size: A total of 1,244 scans were used for model development (training and tuning).
     ●  Representativeness: This dataset includes scans from multiple clinical centers. The data was
            intentionally chosen to be highly heterogeneous, covering a wide variety of patient ages,
           pathologies (including metastases and fractures), and scanner models.


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 6 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP

    CT Sacrum Model Development: The separate model for sacrum segmentation was developed
       using a specific subset of data.
     ●  Data Source: The model was trained using relevant scans from the TotalSegmentator dataset
         which included sacrum ground-truth data.
     ●  Sample Size: A total of 430 scans were used for model development.

    MRI Vertebrae Model Development: The model for MRI segmentation was developed using a
        dataset specifically focused on the lumbar spine.
     ●  Data Source: The model was trained on the publicly available SPIDER dataset.
     ●  Sample Size: A total of 348 scans were used for model development.
     ●  Representativeness: The data was collected from four different hospitals in the Netherlands
         and is representative of an adult population presenting with lower back pain.
    3.  Description of the Performance Validation Datasets
      The performance of each of the AI models was tested using a separate subset of the data. These
        datasets were not used during model training or tuning, ensuring an objective assessment of the
        final model's performance.
    CT Performance Validation
     ●  Data Sources: The validation set was composed of the entire Spine-Mets-CT-SEG dataset
         and the original test set from the VerSe dataset. This was done to test the model on a varied,
          heterogeneous set of data.
     ●  Sample Size: Performance was validated on a set of 95 scans from 92 unique patients.
     ●  Representativeness: The test set was diverse, with 60% of scans from the United States and
       40% from Europe. It included a balanced distribution of patient sex, a wide age range (18-
           90), and data from three major scanner manufacturers (Siemens, Philips, GE).
     ●  Sacrum Validation: Sacrum segmentation was validated on a separate set of 38 scans from
           the TotalSegmentator dataset that was reserved exclusively for testing.

    MRI Performance Validation
     ●  Data Source: A portion of the SPIDER dataset was set aside and used exclusively for
          performance validation.
     ●  Sample Size: Performance was validated on a set of 31 scans from 15 unique patients.
     ●  Representativeness: The test set included data from both Philips and Siemens scanners and
          a balanced distribution of male and female patients


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 7 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP

    4.  Description of the Statistical Confidence Level of Predictions
      The primary metric used to measure segmentation accuracy is the Mean Dice Coefficient
     (MDC). This score measures the degree of overlap between the AI's segmentation and the
      ground truth segmentation provided by expert radiologists.
     ● An MDC score of 1.0 represents a perfect match.
     ● An MDC score of 0.0 represents no overlap.
      For this device, the pre-specified acceptance criterion for performance was that the lower bound
       of the 95% confidence interval for the MDC must be above 0.8.

    CT Segmentation Performance Results
      The AI model for CT scans demonstrated high accuracy across all vertebral regions and
      exceeded the pre-defined acceptance criteria.

       Segmented Part        N   MDC   MDC 95% CI Lower Bound

        Individual vertebrae          1193   0.912      0.907

      S                         38     0.879      0.835

       Sacrum (excl. S1)           38     0.901      0.861

     ● CT Labeling Accuracy: The vertebral labeling algorithm demonstrated a mean labeling
           error of 0.043.
     ●  Performance Across Subgroups: Performance was consistently high across different
            patient demographics (age, sex) and scan acquisition sources (Europe vs. U.S.A.),
          demonstrating the model's robustness.

    MRI Segmentation Performance Results
      The AI model for MRI scans also exceeded the acceptance criteria. The model was validated on
      lumbar and lower thoracic spine regions.

     N      MDC       MDC 95% CI Lower Bound

       208         0.903            0.891


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 8 of 9

510(k) Premarket Notification                                                  SpineAR SNAP

5. Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Data
The following non-clinical performance testing was conducted to evaluate the subject device to ensure
the SpineAR SNAP meets its intended use and performance requirements. Verification and validation
tests demonstrated the subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate device, and performs as
intended in the specified use conditions.
   •  Human Factors and Usability testing was conducted and documentation was provided as
      recommended in FDA’s guidance document “Applying Human Factors and Usability
       Engineering to Medical Devices.”
   •  AI-Enabled Device Performance Validation Report was provided as recommended in FDA’s
        draft guidance document “Artificial Intelligence-Enabled Device Software Functions: Lifecycle
      Management and Marketing Submission Recommendations.”
   •  Cybersecurity testing was conducted and and documentation was provided as recommended in
      FDA’s guidance document “Cybersecurity in Medical Devices: Quality System Considerations
      and Content of Premarket Submissions.”
   •  Software verification and validation testing was conducted and documentation provided as
      recommended in FDA’s guidance document “Content of Premarket Submissions for Device
       Software Functions.”

6.  Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
Based on the information provided in this 510(k) submission, the SpineAR SNAP is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device in terms of indications for use, technological characteristics and safety
and effectiveness. Any differences between the subject and predicate device do not raise any new
concerns regarding safety and effectiveness, and performance testing demonstrates that the subject
device is at least as safe and effective as the predicate device, and functions as intended.


K252054 - 510(k) Summary                                                                             Page 9 of 9