December 23, 2025


GE Medical Systems, LLC
Andrew Turner
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K252379
    Trade/Device Name: AIR Recon DL
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: December 5, 2025
    Received: December 8, 2025

Dear Andrew Turner:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K252379 - Andrew Turner                                                          Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K252379 - Andrew Turner                                                          Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K252379                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
lAIR Recon DL


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 AIR Recon DL is a deep learning based reconstruction technique that is available for use on GE HealthCare
 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.OT MR systems. AIR Recon DL reduces noise and ringing (truncation artifacts) in MR
 images, which can be used to reduce scan time and improve image quality. AIR Recon DL is intended for
 use with all anatomies, and for patients of all ages. Depending on the anatomy of interest being imaged,
 contrast agents may be used.


                                                                       Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as    ZPrescription
  applicable).                                                                           [  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I

AIR Recon DL
                                                      Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                    K252379


510(k) Summary
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92, the following summary of information is provided:

 Date                                 December 19, 2025
 Submitter                            GE Medical Systems, LLC
                                       3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                                        Waukesha, WI 53188
 Primary Contact                        Andrew Turner
                                             Regulatory Affairs Leader
                                           484-630-7798
                                          Andrew.Turner@gehealthcare.com
 Secondary Contact                         Glen Sabin
                                             Regulatory Affairs Director
                                           262-894-4968
                                            Glen.Sabin@gehealthcare.com
 Device Trade Name                         AIR Recon DL
 Common/Usual Name               MR System
 Classification Name                        Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
 Regulation Number                       21 CFR 892.1000
 Product Code                         LNH
 Predicate Device(s)                          AIR Recon DL (K213717)

Device Description
AIR Recon DL is a software feature intended for use with GE HealthCare MR systems. It is a
deep learning-based reconstruction technique that removes noise and ringing (truncation)
artifacts from MR images. AIR Recon DL is an optional feature that is integrated into the MR
system software and activated through purchasable software option keys. AIR Recon DL has
been previously cleared for use with 2D Cartesian, 3D Cartesian, and PROPELLER imaging
sequences.

The proposed device is a modified version of AIR Recon DL that includes a new deep-learning
phase correction algorithm for applications that create multiple intermediate images and
combine them, such as Diffusion Weighted Imaging where multiple NEX images are collected
and combined. This enhancement is an optional feature that is integrated into the MR system
software and activated through an additional purchasable software option key (separate from
the software option keys of the predicate device).

Indications for Use
AIR Recon DL is a deep learning-based reconstruction technique that is available for use on GE
HealthCare 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T MR systems. AIR Recon DL reduces noise and ringing
(truncation artifacts) in MR images, which can be used to reduce scan time and improve image
quality. AIR Recon DL is intended for use with all anatomies, and for patients of all ages.
Depending on the anatomy of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.

AIR Recon DL
                                                       Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification


Comparison of Technological Characteristics
The proposed AIR Recon DL feature that is the subject of this 510(k) is a modification to the
earlier version of the feature described in the predicate device submission, K213717. The
feature has been modified to include a new DL Phase Correction (DLPC) model and a new PC
Compatible AIR Recon DL (PC-ARDL) model for use with applications that create multiple
intermediate images and combine them, such as Diffusion Weighted Imaging. Working
together, the DLPC and PC-ARDL models are also known as AIR Recon DL with Phase
Correction.

Summary of Nonclinical Testing
The new DLPC and PC-ARDL models have undergone phantom testing to evaluate the feature
and its impact on image quality. The DLPC model testing included the accuracy of phase
correction and the impact on the noise floor. The PC-ARDL model was tested for SNR,
sharpness, and low contrast detectability.

The nonclinical testing demonstrates that the DLPC model provides more accurate phase
correction and can effectively reduce signal bias compared to conventional phase correction
methods. For diffusion applications, the DLPC model can reduce the noise floor and bias of
ADC quantification in low SNR scenarios. The PC-ARDL testing demonstrates that the feature
can improve SNR and image sharpness without changing contrast. The PC-ARDL model can
also help reduce scan time while maintaining SNR. The nonclinical testing passed the defined
acceptance criteria and did not identify any adverse impacts to image quality or other
concerns related to safety and performance.

Summary of Clinical Testing

In-Vivo performance testing

The DLPC and the PC-ARDL models have undergone bench testing with in-vivo data to evaluate
the feature and its impact on image quality relative to the predicate device. Testing was done
to measure ADC accuracy and low contrast detectability to evaluate phase correction
performance.

The accuracy of ADC measurements was obtained from diffusion images at multiple b-values.
Diffusion weighted brain images were acquired at 1.5T with b-values = 50, 400, 800, 1200
s/mm2. ADC maps were generated from (b50, b400), (b50, b800), (b50, b1200) diffusionweighted images with the combination of DLPC and PC-ARDL and separately with the
predicate device. Average ADC values were measured from regions of interest in the lateral
ventricles where isotropic Gaussian diffusion is expected to provide b-value independent ADC
values. DLPC with PC-ARDL did not show significant differences in ADC values measured with
different b-values while the predicate device has statistically significant reductions in ADC as
the maximum b-value increased. DL PC-based complex averaging was found to reduce the
noise floor, resulting in a log-linear signal decay that provides accurate and unbiased ADC
values at all b-values tested.

AIR Recon DL
                                                      Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification


Low-contrast detectability was tested by measuring the intensity of small synthetic objects
inserted in the raw data prior to reconstruction. Inserts of varying sizes and intensities, chosen
to be challenging to detect, were inserted in the raw data obtained from 4 diffusion weighted
brain scans. The contrast ratio and contrast-to-noise ratio for each of the inserts were
measured and paired t-tests were conducted between DLPC (with PC-ARDL) and the predicate
device. While the contrast ratios remained relatively unchanged with insert size or intensity,
the contrast to noise ratio showed a significant improvement with the addition of DLPC and
PC-ARDL. We conclude from this test that AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction is not adversely
impacting the retention of low contrast features.


Quantitative Post Processing

To test the repeatability of AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction for ADC measurement,
volunteer scanning was performed simulating routine clinical workflows. A total of 6 volunteers
were recruited. Two volunteers were scanned on a 1.5T SIGNA Artist scanner, and 4 volunteers
were scanned on a 3T SIGNA Architect scanner. Scanned anatomical regions included the brain,
spine, abdomen, pelvis, and breast. Each sequence was repeated 4 times and retrospectively
reconstructed to generate images with product reconstruction and AIR Recon DL with Phase
Correction (with DLPC and PC-ARDL models) respectively. ADC maps were generated on the
product and AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction images. Regions of interests were placed on
images to compare repeatability across multiple acquisitions. While there were cases that were
influenced by scan-to-scan variability caused by motion or flow, overall, the repeatability was
found to be similar between the phase correction methods. The coefficient of variability for the
ADC values generated with the product reconstruction closely matched those generated with
AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction.

To compare the effectiveness of different phase correction methods, the real and imaginary
images of a complex image after phase correction were shown for both conventional images
and DLPC images. In an ideal scenario, after phase correction, the signal of a complex image
should all be in the real channel, and the imaginary channel should be noise only. It was shown
that when conventional method was used, residual signal was still present in the imaginary
channel of each individual NEX image after phase correction, which would cause signal loss and
inaccurate ADC maps. For DLPC, it was observed that all the signal was in the real channel, and
the imaginary channel contained noise only, as expected.

The quantitative measurements in this repeatability study showed that DLPC is outperforming
the conventional phase correction method in terms of accurately moving all the true MR
signals into the real channel of a complex image and leaving the imaginary channel with noise
only.

Clinical Image Quality Study

An assessment was conducted with a U.S. Board Certified Radiologist to evaluate the diagnostic
quality of images acquired and reconstructed with AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction. The

AIR Recon DL
                                                      Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification


study included 34 datasets of previously acquired de-identified cases of various anatomies
including the breast (6 datasets), liver (5 datasets), brain (5 datasets), spine (3 datasets) and
pelvis (15 datasets). These datasets included pathological features such as prostate cancer of
varying severity, hepatocellular carcinoma, septal fibrosis, and fibroadenoma. After review and
assessment, it was concluded by the radiologist that AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction
produces images of excellent diagnostic quality, delivering overall exceptional image quality
across all organ systems. Even in most challenging situations such as post-surgical changes, or
implants, the image quality remains excellent without loss of diagnostic quality.

Clinical Publications

The following peer reviewed studies provide further quantitative and qualitative evidence of
the ability of AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction to improve image quality across various
clinical applications.

[1] Wang X, Litwiller D, Guidon A, Lan P, Sprenger T, Robust Complex Signal Averaging for
Diffusion Weighted Imaging, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2023, Toronto, ON,
Canada
[2] Shen D, Wang X, Lan P, Sun W, Deep Learning based Phase Correction with Noise and
Artifacts Removal for MERGE, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2024, Singapore
[3] Wang X, Lan P, Guidon A, DL-based Phase Correction Enables Robust Real DiffusionWeighted MRI with Increased Diffusion Contrast, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting &
Exhibition, 2024, Singapore
[4] Lan P, Wang X, Guidon A, Reduced Noise and Motion Artifacts for MUSE Reconstruction
using Deep Learning-based Phase Correction, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition,
2024, Singapore
[5] Brunsing R, Besser A, Guidon A, Wang X, Lan P, Deep-learning-based phase correction
during reconstruction of high-resolution, multi-shot reduced-FOV pancreatic DWI, ISMRM &
ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2024, Singapore
[6] S Huang, X Wang, M Medved, C Follante, Y Stickle, A Yousuf, R Englemann, F Robb, A
Guidon, G Lee, A Oto, Impact of Deep Learning denoising and ultra-high density coil array on
prostate diffusion imaging, ISMRM, 2025, Hawaii
[7] S Zhang, R Zhao, X Wang, P Lan, P Martin, A Guidon, D Martin, N Gupta. Deep learningbased phase correction improves DWI for bladder cancer imaging, ISMRM Diffusion Workshop,
2025, Tokayo, Japan
[8] Yang B, Wang X, Petty C, Guidon A, Lebel RM, Banerjee S, Song A, Submillimeter Isotropic
Whole Brain DTI at 3T with 2D Multi-band Multi-shot EPI Acquisition and Deep Learning
Reconstruction, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2024, Singapore
[9] Wang X, Lan P, Wang K, Zhu A, Nastaren A and Guidon A. Deep Learning based Phase
Correction and Denoising for Accurate ADC Quantification. ISMRM, 2025, Hawaii
[10] Lan P, Wang X, Guidon A. Improved Brachial Plexus and C-Spine DTI using Deep Learningbased Phase Correction. ISMRM, 2025, Hawaii
[11] Lee E, Li C, Lan P, Wang X, Guidon A, Lin C, Deep Learning Reconstruction to Pelvis MultiShot DWI Improved Image Quality with Less Image Distortion: A Preliminary Study, ISMRM &
ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2023, Toronto, ON, Canada

AIR Recon DL
                                                      Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification


[12] Chien N, Yeh CY, Chen YC, Chang YC, Li CW, Lin CY, Lan P, Wang X, Guidon A, Liu KL, Deep
Learning Based Reconstruction for Multi-shot DWI of the Breast: A Preliminary Study, ISMRM &
ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2023, Toronto, ON, Canada
[13] Lan P, Wang X, Scotti A, Jayapal P, Wang P, Guidon A, Loening AM, Improved Image
Quality with Deep Learning-Based Image Reconstruction for Multi-shot Diffusion-Weighted
Imaging of the Prostate, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2023, Toronto, ON,
Canada
[14] E Milshteyn, S Ghosh, X Wang, P Lan, A Analysis of Deep Learning-based Phase Correction
Applied to Single-Shot rFOV Diffusion Images of the Prostate at 1.5T, ISMRM 2025, Hawaii
[15] Chien N, Cho YH, Chen YC, Yeh CY, Chang YC, Lee CW, Lin CY, Lan P, Wang X, Guidon A, Liu
KL, Deep Learning Based Reconstruction for Multi-shot DWI of the Breast: Comparison of
Quantitative ADC and Distortion, ISMRM & ISMRT Annual Meeting & Exhibition, 2024,
Singapore
[16] R Khadir, S Gallo-Bernal, V Pena Trujillo, EJ Zucker, A Pourvaziri, S Fazio Ferraciolli, E
Milshteyn, X Wang, P Lan, A Guidon, T Victoria,M Gee, Deep Learning Phase-Corrected
Reconstruction in Pediatric Diffusion-Weighted Abdominal MRI: a comparative study, SPR
2025, Hawaii
[17] Chien N, Cho YH, Wang MY, Tsai LW, Yeh CY, Li CW, Lan P, Wang X, Liu KL, Chang YC, Deep
learning based multi-shot breast diffusion MRI: Improving imaging quality and reduced
distortion, European Journal of Radiology, 2025
[18] Michael A. Boss, Dariya Malyarenko, Savannah Partridge, Nancy Obuchowski, Amita
Shukla-Dave, Jessica M. Winfield, Clifton D. Fuller, Kevin Miller, Virendra Mishra, Michael
Ohliger, Lisa J. Wilmes, Raj Attariwala, Trevor Andrews, Nandita M. deSouza, Daniel J. Margolis,
Thomas L. Chenevert, The QIBA Profile for Diffusion-Weighted MRI: Apparent Diffusion
Coefficient as a Quantitative Imaging Biomarker, Radiology: Volume 313: Number 1—October
2024

Conclusion Drawn from Performance Testing

The nonclinical and clinical testing demonstrated that AIR Recon DL with Phase Correction
satisfies the product claims that it can provide more accurate estimates of image phase,
improve signal accuracy when combining images, and improve accuracy of quantitative
diffusion measurement.

The proposed AIR Recon DL feature has been developed under GE HealthCare’s quality system
and is at least as safe and effective as the earlier version of AIR Recon DL that is the legally
marketed predicate device. For both the proposed AIR Recon DL feature and the predicate
device, the primary question of safety and effectiveness is that of image quality. Performance
data that were collected demonstrate the proposed AIR Recon DL feature provides an
adequate level of image quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance testing did
not identify any new hazards, adverse effects, safety concerns, or performance concerns that
are significantly different from those associated with MR imaging in general. Therefore, GE
HealthCare believes that proposed modified version of AIR Recon DL is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device and is safe and effective for its intended use.