December 22, 2025

Iterative Health
℅ Janice Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market St., Floor 23
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K253664
    Trade/Device Name: SKOUT system
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1520
    Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal Lesion Software Detection System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNP
    Dated: November 20, 2025
    Received: November 20, 2025

Dear Janice Hogan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K253664 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K253664 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page 3


                                                 Sincerely,
                            Shanil P. Haugen -S

                                              Shanil P. Haugen, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                                 Obesity, and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital, and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K253664                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).

ISKOUT system


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 The SKOUT system is a software device designed to detect potential colorectal polyps in real time during
 colonoscopy examinations.  It is indicated as a computer-aided detection tool providing colorectal polyps
 location information to assist qualified and trained gastroenterologists in identifying potential colorectal
 polyps during colonoscopy examinations in adult patients undergoing colorectal cancer screening or
 surveillance.

 The SKOUT system is only intended to assist the gastroenterologist in identifying suspected colorectal
 polyps and the gastroenterologist is responsible for reviewing SKOUT suspected polyp areas and
 confirming the presence or absence of a polyp based on their own medical judgment. SKOUT  is not
 intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is  it intended to be relied upon to make a primary
 interpretation of endoscopic procedures, medical diagnosis, or recommendations of treatment/course of
 action for patients. SKOUT is indicated for white light colonoscopy only.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  Z Prescription Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                                                           [  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I

K253664
                                                                                                    Page 1 of 6


                                   510(K) SUMMARY

                            SKOUT® system


Submitter Contact Information:

       Address:  Iterative Health (Iterative Scopes, Inc.)
               14 Arrow Street Floor 3
                Cambridge, MA 02138

      Phone:   (617) 209-9773

       Contact:  Caitlyn Seidl, VP, Commercial and Scientific Affairs

Date Prepared: November 20, 2025

Name of Device: SKOUT® system

Classification Name: Gastrointestinal lesion software detection system (21 CFR 876.1520, Product
                 Code QNP)

Predicate Device: SKOUT® system, Iterative Health, K251126

Device Description

The SKOUT® system is a software-based computer aided detection (CADe) system for the analysis
of high-definition endoscopic video during colonoscopy procedures. The SKOUT® system is intended
to aid gastroenterologists with the detection of potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy by
providing an informational visual aid on the endoscopic monitor using trained software that processes
the endoscopic video in real time.

Users will primarily interact with the SKOUT® system by observing the software display, including the
polyp detection box and device status indicator signal.

Polyp Detection Notification

The SKOUT® system has a main graphical user interface (GUI) feature of the polyp detection
notification. The polyp detection notification is a two-dimensional blue rectangular outline generated
around any suspected polyps on the endoscopic video feed. If there is no polyp detected, the bounding
box does not appear. SKOUT® system pauses polyp detection when an endoscopic surgical tools are
detected in the video feed to ensure that the bounding box does not hinder any surgical procedure,
biopsy, or resection, or this may also occur when lighting conditions are deemed to be inadequate.

The polyp detection notification enables users to:

   ●  Detect  potential  colorectal  polyps  during colonoscopy examinations  in  adult  patients
       undergoing a colorectal cancer screening or surveillance procedure.
   ●   Utilize a tool that provides additional information for endoscopic observation.

K253664
                                                                                                      Page 2 of 6


   Device Status Indicator

   The SKOUT® system has an additional GUI feature that notifies users of the current device status
    (active, surgical tool, bypass, or error) in the bottom-right corner of the screen:

      ●  a concentric green circle within a larger ring and the “SKOUT” label below, when the device is
         powered on and actively processing video.
      ●  a concentric gray solid circle within a larger dashed ring and the “SKOUT” label below, when
         a surgical tool is present.
      ●  a concentric amber solid circle within a larger ring, intersected with a diagonal slash across,
         and the “SKOUT” label below, when displaying the unaltered endoscope processor feed.
      ●  a concentric red solid circle within a larger ring, intersected with a diagonal slash across, and
           the “SKOUT” label below. A red (X) error icon with an error code and message is overlaid on
           the center of the screen over a dimmed endoscope feed.

   Intended Use / Indications for Use

   The SKOUT® system is a software device designed to detect potential colorectal polyps in real time
    during colonoscopy examinations.  It  is indicated as a computer-aided detection tool providing
    colorectal polyps location information to assist qualified and trained gastroenterologists in identifying
    potential colorectal polyps during colonoscopy examinations in adult patients undergoing colorectal
    cancer screening or surveillance.

   The SKOUT® system  is only intended to assist the gastroenterologist in identifying suspected
    colorectal polyps and the gastroenterologist is responsible for reviewing SKOUT® suspected polyp
    areas and confirming the presence or absence of a polyp based on their own medical judgment.
   SKOUT® is not intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be relied upon to make
   a primary interpretation of endoscopic procedures, medical diagnosis, or recommendations of
    treatment/course of action for patients. SKOUT® is indicated for white light colonoscopy only.

   Summary of Technological Characteristics

   The subject device is a modified version of the predicate device, which was FDA-cleared in K251126.
   The key characteristics of the subject SKOUT® system and the predicate SKOUT® system are
   compared in the following table.

                          Table 1: Comparison of Key Characteristics

                         Subject Device:                 Predicate Device:        Comparison
                   SKOUT® system         SKOUT® system (K251126)
Device Name    SKOUT® system v2.3          SKOUT® system v2.2            N/A
Hardware      SKOUT 211                SKOUT 211                 Same
Configuration(s) SKOUT 220                SKOUT 220
Regulation      21 CFR 876.1520               21 CFR 876.1520             Same
Product Code   QNP                    QNP                      Same
Device Class     Class II                          Class II                    Same
Intended Use    A gastrointestinal lesion software   A gastrointestinal lesion software   Same
                   detection system is a computer-     detection system is a computerassisted detection device used in    assisted detection device used in

K253664
                                                                                                       Page 3 of 6


                         Subject Device:                 Predicate Device:        Comparison
                   SKOUT® system         SKOUT® system (K251126)
                   conjunction with endoscopy for the  conjunction with endoscopy for the
                   detection of abnormal lesions in     detection of abnormal lesions in
                   the gastrointestinal tract. This       the gastrointestinal tract. This
                  device with advanced software      device with advanced software
                   algorithms brings attention to        algorithms brings attention to
                images to aid in the detection of    images to aid in the detection of
                     lesions. The device has hardware    lesions. The device has hardware
                components to support interfacing   components to support interfacing
                   with an endoscope.                 with an endoscope.
Indications for   The SKOUT® system is a software  The SKOUT® system is a software  Same
Use              device designed to detect potential  device designed to detect potential
                    colorectal polyps in real time         colorectal polyps in real time
                   during colonoscopy examinations.   during colonoscopy examinations.
                               It is indicated as a computer-aided    It is indicated as a computer-aided
                   detection tool providing colorectal    detection tool providing colorectal
                  polyps location information to       polyps location information to
                    assist qualified and trained           assist qualified and trained
                    gastroenterologists in identifying     gastroenterologists in identifying
                     potential colorectal polyps during    potential colorectal polyps during
                 colonoscopy examinations in adult  colonoscopy examinations in adult
                    patients undergoing colorectal       patients undergoing colorectal
                 cancer screening or surveillance.    cancer screening or surveillance.
               The SKOUT® system is only       The SKOUT® system is only
                  intended to assist the               intended to assist the
                    gastroenterologist in identifying      gastroenterologist in identifying
                 suspected colorectal polyps and    suspected colorectal polyps and
                   the gastroenterologist is             the gastroenterologist is
                   responsible for reviewing SKOUT®   responsible for reviewing SKOUT®
                 suspected polyp areas and         suspected polyp areas and
                   confirming the presence or          confirming the presence or
                absence of a polyp based on their   absence of a polyp based on their
              own medical judgment. SKOUT®   own medical judgment. SKOUT®
                        is not intended to replace a full        is not intended to replace a full
                    patient evaluation, nor is it           patient evaluation, nor is it
                  intended to be relied upon to make  intended to be relied upon to make
                a primary interpretation of         a primary interpretation of
                 endoscopic procedures, medical    endoscopic procedures, medical
                   diagnosis, or recommendations of   diagnosis, or recommendations of
                   treatment/course of action for       treatment/course of action for
                     patients. SKOUT® is indicated for    patients. SKOUT® is indicated for
                   white light colonoscopy only.        white light colonoscopy only.
User Population  Adult patients undergoing           Adult patients undergoing        Same
                    colorectal cancer screening or       colorectal cancer screening or
                    surveillance colonoscopy.           surveillance colonoscopy.

K253664
                                                                                                        Page 4 of 6


                         Subject Device:                 Predicate Device:        Comparison
                   SKOUT® system         SKOUT® system (K251126)
Fundamental    The SKOUT® system is composed  The SKOUT® system is composed  Same
Technological     of a single piece hardware design    of a single piece hardware design
Characteristics   and software designed to highlight  and software designed to highlight
                    portions of the colon where the      portions of the colon where the
                  device detects potential colorectal   device detects potential colorectal
                   polyps.                             polyps.
Software        The SKOUT® system utilizes an    The SKOUT® system utilizes an    Same
Algorithm            artificial intelligence-based              artificial intelligence-based
                   algorithm to perform the polyp       algorithm to perform the polyp
                   detection function.                  detection function.
Power Source    Hospital mains power               Hospital mains power           Same
Safety Features  The Mode Selection Button allows  The Mode Selection Button allows  Same, except
                      for instantaneous toggling             for instantaneous toggling          minor
                between the SKOUT® video feed   between the SKOUT® video feed   changes to
                and the bypass video feed in the    and the bypass video feed in the     status
                  event of software error that affects   event of software error that affects   indicators.
                  video quality.                      video quality.                      This does not
                                                                                               raise different
               The polyp detection marker is      The polyp detection marker is
                                                                                       questions
                   disabled if a biopsy tool enters the   disabled if a biopsy tool enters the
                                                                             because the
                        field of view to prevent obstruction    field of view to prevent obstruction
                                                                                                 indicators
                     of the area of interest during         of the area of interest during
                                                                             communicate
                     intervention.                          intervention.
                                                                                          the same
             SKOUT® system GUI also has a   SKOUT® system GUI also has a     information
                  device status indicator that notifies  device status indicator that notifies   with the same
                  users of the current device status    users of the current device status    intent.
                      (active, tool, bypass, or error):        (active, tool, or error):

                ●   Active: a concentric green      ●   Active: a two-dimensional
                           solid circle within a larger          green box with letter (S)
                            ring, and the “SKOUT” label       when the device is powered
                       below, when the device is         on and actively processing
                    powered on and actively             video.
                       processing video.            ●   Tool: a two-dimensional gray
                ●   Tool: a concentric grey solid       box with letter (S) when a
                            circle within a larger dashed         surgical tool is present.
                          ring and the “SKOUT” label     ●   Error: a red (X) with an error
                       below, when a surgical tool is      message; when there is an
                        present.                              error with the video
                ●  Bypass: a concentric amber        processing function of the
                           solid circle within a larger        SKOUT® system, the green
                            ring, intersected with a            box will be replaced with a
                       diagonal slash across, and          red X and error message to
                        the “SKOUT” label below,            indicate an error has
                   when displaying the                 occurred.

K253664
                                                                                                       Page 5 of 6


                         Subject Device:                 Predicate Device:        Comparison
                   SKOUT® system         SKOUT® system (K251126)
                        unaltered endoscope
                       processor feed.
                ●   Error: a concentric red solid
                            circle within a larger ring,
                         intersected with a diagonal
                        slash across, and the
                   “SKOUT” label below. A red
                         (X) error icon with an error
                    code and message is
                         overlaid on the center of the
                      screen over a dimmed
                    endoscope feed.
Device Output   SKOUT® system generates       SKOUT® system generates       Same
                 markers in the form of blue         markers in the form of blue
                   rectangles superimposed on the     rectangles superimposed on the
                 endoscopic video when potential    endoscopic video when potential
                    colorectal polyps are identified.      colorectal polyps are identified.
             SKOUT® markers are not        SKOUT® markers are not
                accompanied by a sound.         accompanied by a sound.

               The polyp detection marker is      The polyp detection marker is
                   disabled if a biopsy tool enters the   disabled if a biopsy tool enters the
                        field of view to prevent obstruction    field of view to prevent obstruction
                     of the area of interest during         of the area of interest during
                     intervention.                          intervention.
Video Input        Serial Digital Interface (SDI); de-     Serial Digital Interface (SDI); de-   Same
                     interlacing applied during pre-        interlacing applied during preprocessing                        processing
Compatible      Olympus EVIS EXERA II,         Olympus EVIS EXERA II,        Same
Endoscopes     Olympus EVIS EXERA III, and     Olympus EVIS EXERA III, and
                FUJI Eluxeo VP-7000 with         FUJI Eluxeo VP-7000 with
                  compatible HD output              compatible HD output
Video Delay      Video delay due to marker         Video delay due to marker       Same
                   annotation = 0ms (no standard      annotation = 0ms (no standard
                      error; all results were 0, minimum    error, all results were 0, minimum
                    resolution 1.1ms)                    resolution 1.1ms)

                 Video delay due to device = 0ms    Video delay due to device = 0ms
                  (no standard error; all results were   (no standard error, all results were
                     0, minimum resolution 1.1ms)        0, minimum resolution 1.1ms)
Pixel Level     No pixel level degradation is      No pixel level degradation is      Same
Degradation      introduced by SKOUT® to the       introduced by SKOUT® to the
                 Endoscopic System.              Endoscopic System.

K253664
                                                                                                    Page 6 of 6


The subject device includes the following minor changes to the technological characteristics compared
to the predicate device:

    •   Retraining and refinement of inference algorithms for compatibility with Endocuff devices,
       optimized performance in videos with Endocuff, multiple polyps, and/or sessile serrated
        lesions, and reduced false positive rate. No change to the system-level or algorithm-level
        architectures compared to the predicate device.

    •  Refinement of device software for optimized detection of the edges of the active video feed for
         Fujifilm Eluxeo VP-7000 video processor, improved computer memory  efficiency, and
       optimized tracking of polyps across video frames.

    •  Updated appearance of power-up screen, power-down screen, and system status icons and
         notifications.

    •  Updates to back-end software (non-user facing).

    •   Routine updates to software packages and libraries.

Performance Testing

Non-clinical performance testing was conducted to demonstrate that the SKOUT® system is as safe
and effective as the predicate device.

    •   Software verification and validation testing was conducted to confirm the SKOUT® system
       software meets  design  requirements  for  its  intended  use,  per  the  device’s  design
       documentation in line with recommendations outlined in General Principles of Software
        Validation, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff.

    •   Standalone and on-device algorithm performance testing was conducted for evaluation of true
        positives, false positives, and polyp detection time, with an expanded dataset for the added
       Endocuff compatibility.

    •   Additional bench software testing was performed to confirm the device meets the special
        controls in 21 CFR 876.1520 for algorithm performance, pixel degradation and video delays.

SKOUT® system demonstrated passing results in all applicable testing.

Conclusions

The SKOUT® system has the same intended use, indications for use, key technological characteristics,
and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in software do not affect its
safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. The inference algorithms utilize the same architecture
and meet the same performance requirements as the predicate device, therefore clinical performance
remains unchanged from  the  clinical performance submitted  in K213686. Performance data
demonstrates that the SKOUT® system is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Thus, the
SKOUT® system is substantially equivalent.