December 30, 2025


Spectrum Dynamics Medical, Ltd.
Igor Naroditsky
VP QA/RA
22 Bareket St. N. Industrial Park
Caesarea, 3079837
Israel

Re: K253532
    Trade/Device Name: TruSPECT Processing Station
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: November 13, 2025
    Received: November 13, 2025

Dear Igor Naroditsky:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K253532 - Igor Naroditsky                                                             Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See

K253532 - Igor Naroditsky                                                             Page 3


the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
 Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This
                                                                          1<253532          ? textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                 ?
TruSPECT Processing Station


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                             ?
TruSPECT is intended for acceptance, transfer, display, storage, and processing of images for detection of
radioisotope tracer uptakes in the patient's body. The device using various processing modes supported by
the various clinical applications and various features designed to enhance image quality. The emission
computerized tomography data can be coupled with registered and/or fused CT/MR scans and with
physiological signals in order to depict, localize, and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and
anatomical structures in scanned body tissue for clinical diagnostic purposes. The acquired tomographic
image may undergo emission-based attenuation correction.
Visualization tools include segmentation, colour coding, and polar maps. Analysis tools include Quantitative
Perfusion SPECT (QPS), Quantitative Gated SPECT (QGS) and Quantitative Blood Pool Gated SPECT
(QBS) measurements, Multi Gated Acquisition (MUGA) and Heart-to-Mediastinum activity ratio (H/M).
The system also includes reporting tools for formatting findings and user selected areas of interest. It is
capable of processing and displaying the acquired information in traditional formats, as well as in threedimensional renderings, and in various forms of animated sequences, showing kinetic attributes of the
imaged organs.
TruSPECT is based on Windows operating system. Due to special customer requirements and the clinical
focus the TruSPECT can be configured with different combinations of Windows OS based software options
and clinical applications which are intended to assist the physician in diagnosis and/or treatment planning.
This includes commercially available post-processing software packages.
TruSPECT is a processing workstation primarily intended for, but not limited to cardiac applications. The
workstation can be integrated with the D-SPECT cardiac scanner system or used as a standalone postprocessing station.

 Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as     [gJ Prescription Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart 0 )
                                                                                 ?  applicable).                    D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

510(k) SUMMARY


                                                                      510(k) Number: K253532


 Date of submission:              Nov 25, 2025

                                Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
 Submitter:                      22 Bareket St. North Industrial Park
                                    Caesarea, Israel 3079837.

                                Mr. Igor Naroditsky, VP QA/RA
                                           Tel: + (972) 54-438-4386
 Submitter Contact:
                                   Fax: + (972) 73-737-4502
                                      Email: igorn@spectrum-dynamics.com


 Device Trade Name:             TruSPECT Processing Station


                               Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Common Name/Classification:
                                Medical image management and processing system

 Class:                                               II

 Product Code:                   QIH, LLZ

 Classification Panel:              Radiology

 Regulation No:                 892.2050


Marketed Devices:

The TruSPECT Processing Station is a software-only medical device previously cleared under
510(k) K212230. The current submission introduces the TruClear AI module, a post-processing
artificial  intelligence algorithm designed to reduce noise  in low-count D-SPECT Tc-99m
myocardial  perfusion  imaging  (MPI)  studies.  All  other  device  functions,  technological
characteristics, and system features are the same as the predicate device.

Predicate device:

TruSPECT Processing Station (K212230)


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

Device Description:

The TruSPECT Processing Station is a software-only medical device (SaMD) designed to operate
on a dedicated, high-performance computer platform. It is distributed as pre-installed medical
imaging software intended to support image visualization, quantitation, analysis, and comparison
across multiple imaging modalities and acquisition time points. The software supports both
functional imaging modalities, such as Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT)
and Nuclear Medicine (NM), as well as anatomical imaging modalities, such as Computed
Tomography (CT).

The system enables integration, display, and analysis of multimodal image datasets to assist
qualified healthcare professionals  in image review and interpretation within the  clinical
workflow. The software is intended for use by trained medical professionals and assists in image
assessment  for  various  clinical  applications,  including  but  not  limited  to  cardiology,
electrophysiology, and organ function evaluation. The software does not perform automated
diagnosis and does not replace the clinical judgment of the user.

The TruSPECT software operates on the Microsoft Windows® operating system and can be
configured  with  various  software modules and  clinical  applications  according  to  user
requirements and intended use. The configuration may include proprietary Spectrum Dynamics
modules and commercially available third-party post-processing software packages operating
within the TruSPECT framework.

The modified TruSPECT system integrates the TruClear AI application as part of its software suite.
The TruClear AI module is a software-based image processing component designed to assist in
the enhancement of SPECT image data acquired on the TruSPECT system. The module operates
within the existing reconstruction and review workflow and does not alter the system’s intended
use, indications for use, or fundamental technology.

Verification and validation activities were performed to confirm that the addition of the TruClear
AI module functions as intended and that overall system performance remains consistent with
the  previously  cleared  TruSPECT  configuration.  These  activities  included  performance
evaluations using simulated phantom datasets and representative clinical image data, conducted
in accordance with FDA guidance. The results demonstrated that the modified TruSPECT system
incorporating TruClear AI meets all predefined performance specifications and continues to
operate within the parameters of its intended clinical use.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

Indications for Use:

TruSPECT is intended for acceptance, transfer, display, storage, and processing of images for
detection of radioisotope tracer uptakes in the patient's body. The device using various
processing modes supported by the various clinical applications and various features designed to
enhance image quality. The emission computerized tomography data can be coupled with
registered and/or fused CT/MR scans and with physiological signals in order to depict, localize,
and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical structures in scanned
body tissue for clinical diagnostic purposes. The acquired tomographic image may undergo
emission-based attenuation correction.

Visualization tools include segmentation, colour coding, and polar maps. Analysis tools include
Quantitative Perfusion SPECT (QPS), Quantitative Gated SPECT (QGS) and Quantitative Blood
Pool Gated SPECT (QBS) measurements, Multi Gated Acquisition (MUGA) and Heart-toMediastinum activity ratio (H/M).

The system also includes reporting tools for formatting findings and user selected areas of
interest. It is capable of processing and displaying the acquired information in traditional formats,
as well as in three-dimensional renderings, and in various forms of animated sequences, showing
kinetic attributes of the imaged organs.

TruSPECT is based on Windows operating system. Due to special customer requirements and the
clinical focus the TruSPECT can be configured with different combinations of Windows OS based
software options and clinical applications which are intended to assist the physician in diagnosis
and/or treatment planning. This includes commercially available post-processing software
packages.

TruSPECT  is a processing workstation primarily intended  for, but not limited to cardiac
applications. The workstation can be integrated with the D-SPECT cardiac scanner system or used
as a standalone post-processing station.

Technological characteristics:

The TruSPECT Processing Station maintains the same fundamental technological characteristics
as its predicate device. The system’s basic functionality for processing and reviewing nuclear
medicine (NM) and associated computed tomography (CT) images remains unchanged. Core
capabilities include manual and automatic segmentation tools that enable users to present,
localize, and quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical structures for
diagnostic purposes.

The modified TruSPECT system introduces an additional application focused on a specific imaging
attenuation technique that builds upon the system’s established  functionality. TruSPECT
enhances existing applications to improve workflow efficiency by incorporating both pre-trained


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

neural networks within the iterative reconstruction process and traditional image processing
algorithms. These modifications do not alter the system’s intended use, indications for use, or
fundamental  software  architecture.  Technological  changes  are  limited  to performance
improvements achieved through algorithmic optimization and the integration of the new
TruClear AI post-processing capability.


 Characteristic              Predicate device                             Proposed device
 Workflow              Manual  and  automated  processes,  pre-     Same
                             trained   neural  networks   in   iterative
                             reconstruction, traditional algorithms
 AI utilization              Non-adaptive machine learning algorithms     Same
                             trained with clinical data
 Hardware                   Preinstalled on Spectrum Dynamics            Same
                           workstation or loaded onto customer’s
                           workstation meeting specifications


Note: This device should not be used to deviate from the approved dosing and administration
instructions; see SPECT drug prescribing information for additional information

The proposed TruSPECT Processing Station incorporates identical or equivalent technological
characteristics to those of its predicate device. Modifications do not alter the fundamental
software architecture, intended use, or mode of operation. Any technological differences have
been fully assessed and do not raise new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. The
software was developed, verified, and validated in accordance with Spectrum Dynamics
Medical’s Quality Management System (QMS) and compliant with IEC 62304 and applicable
FDA guidance documents.

Preclinical Validation

The proposed TruSPECT Processing Station and its associated applications underwent
comprehensive verification and validation in accordance with Spectrum Dynamics Medical’s
QMS. All design, performance, and safety testing demonstrated that the system meets its
defined specifications and functions as intended. Testing confirmed compliance with relevant
standards, including NEMA PS3.1–3.20 and IEC 62304, and was performed under procedures
consistent with 21 CFR 820 and ISO 13485. Evaluation activities included software verification,
system integration and performance testing, simulated-use testing, and risk-based
assessments. No new safety concerns or performance risks were identified. The results
confirmed that the TruSPECT system continues to perform within its intended specifications
and maintains the same level of safety and effectiveness as the predicate device.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

Clinical Validation Acceptance Criteria (Prespecified)

 Parameter     Bland Altman  Bland Altman  Regression r   Slope (range)   Intercept
            Mean (bias)   SD             (min)                               (limit)
                                  (precision)
 LVEF        ±3%          ≤ 4%         > 0.8           0.9 – 1.1      ± 10%
 EDV          ± 5 ml        ≤ 8 ml        > 0.8           0.9 – 1.1      ± 10 ml
 Perfusion     ± 5 ml        ≤ 8 ml        > 0.8           0.9 – 1.1      ± 10 ml
 Volume
 TPD          ± 3%         ≤ 5%         > 0.8           0.9 – 1.1      ± 10%
Note: Criteria are conservative relative to published test retest and inter software variability.

AI-Based Algorithm Validation (TruClear.AI Noise Reduction)

TruClear.AI is an artificial intelligence–based post-processing module integrated into the
TruSPECT Processing Station for denoising low-count D-SPECT myocardial perfusion SPECT
images. The device modification consists of adding this AI module to the previously cleared
system (K212230), with all other device functions and intended use unchanged.

Validation Approach and Substantial Equivalence Basis:
Validation was performed using a multi-center, retrospective dataset of 352 patients (137
female, 215 male; mean age 65.4±12.4 years; BMI 29.4±6.4) from three hospitals in the UK and
Germany. The held-out test set included 24 patients (8 female, 16 male). The algorithm was
trained and evaluated using independent datasets, ensuring that test data were not used for
training or tuning.

Reference Standard ("Truthing") and Inter-Observer Agreement:
The reference standard was the clinical routine high-count SPECT image (~1.0 MCounts)
acquired under standard D-SPECT protocols. Quantitative evaluation used FDA-cleared CedarsSinai QPS/QGS to derive perfusion and functional parameters (TPD, volume, EDV, LVEF). Two
independent, board-certified nuclear medicine physicians visually compared denoised lowcount images to the high-count reference using a 5-point Likert scale; inter-observer percent
agreement after dichotomization (scores ≥3 vs <3) was 97–100% across key metrics.

Independence of Test Data from Training Data:
Datasets were split at the patient level into nonoverlapping training/tuning and held‑out test
sets. The held‑out test set (24 patients; 74 images) was used only for final evaluation, no
patients, images, or derived patches from this set were used for training or tuning. Patches
were generated exclusively from training/tuning images; test images remained intact, and all
reader and QPS/QGS analyses were performed on the held‑out test set.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

Key Performance Results (Held-Out Test):
Strong correlation between denoised and reference images for perfusion and functional
parameters (e.g., LVEF r=0.94, EDV r=0.98, TPD r=0.98). Bland–Altman analyses showed mean
differences within pre-specified acceptance criteria. Visual similarity ratings indicated denoised
images were ‘similar’ to reference, consistent with high inter-reader agreement.

Demographics and Relevance of Ethnicity:
The validation cohort included a range of BMIs (including obese cases), both rest and stress
studies, and upright and supine acquisitions. Race/ethnicity was not recorded; for myocardial
perfusion SPECT noise-reduction performance, algorithm behaviour is driven by
physical/physiological imaging characteristics (count statistics, anatomy, acquisition protocol)
that are not known to be affected by patient ethnicity. Accordingly, ethnicity is not considered
a relevant variable for this technical image-quality and quantitative performance evaluation.

Conclusion:
Across reader studies and quantitative analyses, TruClear.AI demonstrates substantial
concordance between denoised low-count outputs and clinical routine high-count references,
meeting pre-specified acceptance criteria. The device maintains the intended use, operating
principles, and safety/effectiveness profile of the predicate (K212230), and the AI module does
not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness supporting the basis for a determination of
substantial equivalence.

Clinical Evaluation

Clinical studies were not required to support the determination of substantial equivalence.
Performance of the TruClear AI reconstruction module was evaluated using representative
clinical datasets to confirm the module’s ability to enhance image quality and reduce noise
while maintaining diagnostic integrity. Evaluations were conducted by qualified Nuclear
Medicine (NM) physicists and physicians, who independently reviewed reconstructed images
and rated them using a 5-point Likert scale. Results demonstrated that the algorithm’s
performance is consistent with standard image quality expectations and supports the intended
clinical use without altering diagnostic interpretation. These findings confirm that the addition
of TruClear AI does not introduce new safety or effectiveness concerns.

Substantial Equivalence

The proposed TruSPECT Processing Station has the same intended use and similar technological
characteristics as the predicate device. Differences in design or implementation do not raise
new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. Key factors supporting substantial
equivalence include:


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

‒  The Indications for Use are unchanged from the predicate device.
   ‒  The technological characteristics are identical or equivalent to those of the predicate.
   ‒   Verification and validation testing confirmed compliance with performance
       requirements.
   ‒  The software development and validation were conducted under a quality system in
      accordance with recognized standards and FDA expectations for a Moderate level of
      concern software device.

Conclusion:


Based on compliance with applicable standards, successful completion of verification and
validation testing, and adherence to Spectrum Dynamics Medical’s quality system, the company
concludes that the TruSPECT Processing Station, including the TruClear AI functionality, is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device, the TruSPECT Processing Station (K212230).
The device is therefore considered safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com