December 11, 2025


Medicalgorithmics S.A.
Agnieszka Romowicz
Product Compliance Manager
Aleje Jerozolimskie 81
Warsaw, 02-001
Poland

Re: K253141
    Trade/Device Name: DeepRhythmAI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DPS, QYX
    Dated: September 25, 2025
    Received: September 25, 2025

Dear Agnieszka Romowicz:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K253141 - Agnieszka Romowicz                                                        Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K253141 - Agnieszka Romowicz                                                        Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                            JENNIFER W. SHIH -S

                                                Jennifer Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                   Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                  OHT2: Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
 Please type in the marketing application/submission number, if it is known. This                                                                          K253141          ? textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
 Please provide the device trade name(s).                                                  ?
DeepRhythmAI


 Please provide your Indications for Use below.                                              ?
DeepRhythmAI is a cloud-based software that utilizes Al algorithms to assess cardiac arrhythmias using a
single- or two-lead ECG data from adult patients.

It is intended for use by a healthcare solution integrator to build web, mobile or another types of applications
to let qualified healthcare professionals review and confirm the analytic result. The product supports
downloading and analyzing data recorded in the compatible formats from ECG devices such as Holter,
Event recorder, Outpatient Cardiac Telemetry devices or other similar recorders when the assessment of
the rhythm is necessary.

The product can be electronically interfaced and perform analysis with data transferred from other
computer-based ECG systems, such as an ECG management system. DeepRhythmAI can be integrated
into medical devices. In this case, the medical device manufacturer will identify the indication for use
depending on the application of their device.

DeepRhythmAI is not for use in life-supporting or sustaining systems or ECG Alarm devices. Interpretation
results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is offered to physicians and clinicians on an
advisory basis only in conjunction with the physician's knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background,
clinical history symptoms and other diaqnostic information.
 Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as  ~ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
                                                                                    ?  applicable).                   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary
                                                                           K253141
                                                       September 25, 2025
                                 510(k) Summary

   I.   Submitter’s name and address:
Medicalgorithmics S.A.
Aleje Jerozolimskie 81,
02-001 Warsaw, Poland
Contact Person:
Agnieszka Romowicz
Phone: +1 (302) 261 5184
Mobile: (+48) 733 888 448
Email: a.romowicz@medicalgorithmics.com
Date Prepared:                  2025-09-25

  II.   Device
Trade name:                  DeepRhythmAI
Common name:            ECG Analysis System
Classification name:             Programmable Diagnostic Computer/
                                   Electrocardiograph/ Outpatient Cardiac Telemetry
Regulation number:              870.1425
                               870.2340
                               870.1025
Regulatory Class:                Class II
Classification Product code:      DQK, DPS, QYX

 III.   Substantial Equivalence
The selected predicate device is:
    1. DeepRhythmAI, K250932 (Predicate Device)
No reference devices were used in this submission.


                                Page 1 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary
                                                                           K253141
 IV.   Device description
DeepRhythmAI is a cloud-based software utilizing CNN and transformer models for
automated analysis of ECG data. It uses a scalable Application Programming Interface
(API) to enable easy integration with other medical products. The main component of
DeepRhythmAI is an automated proprietary deep-learning algorithm, which measures and
analyzes ECG data  to provide  qualified healthcare  professionals  with  supportive
information for review. DeepRhythmAI can be integrated into medical devices. The
product supports downloading and analyzing data recorded in compatible formats from
ECG devices such as Holter, Event recorder, Outpatient Cardiac Telemetry devices or
other similar recorders used when assessment of the rhythm is necessary.
The DRAI can also be electronically interfaced and perform analysis with data transferred
from other computer-based ECG systems, such as an ECG management system.
DeepRhythmAI doesn’t have User Interface therefore  it should be integrated with the
external visualization software used by the ECG technicians for ECG visualization and
analysis reporting.
DeepRhythmAI is not for use in life supporting or sustaining systems or ECG Alarm
devices. Interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is
offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the
physician's knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms,
and other diagnostic information.
DRAI consists of:
    1. An API which allows the client to upload single- or two-lead ECG data and allows
       to download the results of the ECG analysis.
    2. The automated proprietary deep-learning algorithm, which measures and analyzes
    ECG data to provide qualified healthcare professional with supportive information
        for review.
DRAI works in the following sequence:
    1.  Accept uploading digital ECG files via secure API;
    2.  Analyze the uploaded ECG data using a proprietary algorithm, which detects
       cardiac beats/arrhythmias and intervals including:
        •  QRS
        •  Heart rate determination
        •  RR Interval measurements
        •  Non-paced supraventricular rhythm and arrhythmia  calls as specified by
          product’s Instruction for Use
      •  Non-paced ventricular rhythm and arrhythmia calls: as specified by product’s
           Instruction for Use


                                Page 2 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary
                                                                           K253141
      •  Atrioventricular blocks (second or third degree)
    3. Analyze detected individual Ventricular ectopic beats also known as Premature
       Ventricular Contractions (PVCs) to form groups and subgroups of similar beat
      morphology if product is configured to do so.
    4. The results of the ECG analysis can be downloaded via secure API by the external
       visualization software used by healthcare professionals for the ECG visualization
     and analysis reporting.

 V.   Indications for use
DeepRhythmAI is a cloud-based software that utilizes AI algorithms to assess cardiac
arrhythmias using a single- or two-lead ECG data from adult patients.
It is intended for use by a healthcare solution integrator to build web, mobile or another
types of applications to let qualified healthcare professionals review and confirm the
analytic result. The product supports downloading and analyzing data recorded in the
compatible formats from ECG devices such as Holter, Event recorder, Outpatient Cardiac
Telemetry devices or other similar recorders when the assessment of the rhythm is
necessary.
The product can be electronically interfaced and perform analysis with data transferred
from other computer-based ECG systems, such as an ECG management system.
DeepRhythmAI can be integrated into medical devices. In this case, the medical device
manufacturer will identify the indication for use depending on the application of their
device.
DeepRhythmAI is not for use in life-supporting or sustaining systems or ECG Alarm
devices. Interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is
offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the
physician's knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms
and other diagnostic information.


                                Page 3 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary
                                                                           K253141
 VI.   Comparison to predicate device
The following table provide a comparison of the detection features of DeepRhythmAI and
the predicate device.
Detection Features comparison:

                                            Subject device             Predicate device
                                                                       ( K253141 )                          ( K250932)
         Device functionality
                                         DeepRhythmAI             DeepRhythmAI

         QRS detection                   YES                  YES

  Heart rate determination for non-paced                                      YES                  YES                    adult

        R-R interval detection                YES                  YES

   Non-paced arrhythmias interpretation           YES                  YES


  Non-paced ventricular arrhythmias calls          YES                  YES

           Atrial fibrillation detection               YES                  YES
   Cardiac beats detection (Ventricular
  ectopic beats, Supraventricular ectopic           YES                  YES
                  beats)

      PVC Morphology grouping               YES                NO

            Patient populations                         Adult                         Adult


                                Page 4 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary
                                                                           K253141
The following table provides a comparison of the intended use and device characteristics
of the proposed DeepRhythmAI device and predicate device:

                        Subject device          Predicate device
                        K253141                        ( K250932)      Device                                                                         Similarities/
    functionality                                                             Differences                    DeepRhythmAI         DeepRhythmAI
                           (DRAI)                  (DRAI)
    Manufacturer      Medicalgorithmics S.A.     Medicalgorithmics S.A.            N/A
   510(k) Number                     ---                  K250932                  N/A
    Classification             Class II                   Class II                  Equivalent
                     21 CFR §870.1425       21 CFR §870.1425
     Regulation        21 CFR §870.2340       21 CFR §870.2340             Equivalent
    Number(s)        21 CFR §870.1025       21 CFR §870.1025

                       Programmable           Programmable
                       Diagnostic Computer,      Diagnostic Computer,    Classification                         Electrocardiograph.         Electrocardiograph,             Equivalent      name                         Outpatient Cardiac         Outpatient Cardiac
                           Telemetry                Telemetry
   Product Code       DQK, DPS, QYX        DQK, DPS, QYX              Equivalent
                    DeepRhythmAI is a       DeepRhythmAI is a
                     cloud-based software for   cloud-based software for
                         the assessment of          the assessment of
                      cardiac arrhythmias using   cardiac arrhythmias using
                     two lead ECG data in      two lead ECG data in
                             adult patients.               adult patients.
                                    It is intended for use by a     It is intended for use by a
                         healthcare solution         healthcare solution
                         integrator to build web,      integrator to build web,
                     mobile or another types    mobile or another types
                           of applications to let         of applications to let
                           qualified healthcare         qualified healthcare
                      professionals review and   professionals review and
                        confirm the analytic        confirm the analytic
    Indications for         result. The product           result. The product                                                                                  Equivalent      Use           supports downloading      supports downloading
                     and analyzing data        and analyzing data
                         recorded in the            recorded in the
                     compatible formats from    compatible formats from
                       dedicated ambulatory      dedicated ambulatory
               ECG devices such as    ECG devices such as
                         Holter, event recorder,      Holter, event recorder,
                         Outpatient Cardiac         Outpatient Cardiac
                      Telemetry devices or       Telemetry devices or
                        other similar recorders      other similar recorders
                 when the assessment of   when the assessment of
                      the rhythm is necessary.    the rhythm is necessary.
                    The product can be       The product can be
                         electronically interfaced     electronically interfaced
                  and perform analysis with  and perform analysis with

                                Page 5 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                      DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                  510(k) Summary
                                                                          K253141
                      Subject device          Predicate device
                      K253141                        ( K250932)    Device                                                                         Similarities/
  functionality                                                             Differences                   DeepRhythmAI         DeepRhythmAI
                         (DRAI)                  (DRAI)
                     data transferred from       data transferred from
                     other computer-based      other computer-based
             ECG systems, such as   ECG systems, such as
                  an ECG management     an ECG management
                   system. DeepRhythmAI    system. DeepRhythmAI
                  can be integrated into     can be integrated into
                   medical devices. In this     medical devices. In this
                   case, the medical device   case, the medical device
                   manufacturer will identify   manufacturer will identify
                      the indication for use       the indication for use
                     depending on the         depending on the
                        application of their          application of their
                             device.                     device.

                DeepRhythmAI is not for   DeepRhythmAI is not for
                  use in life-supporting or    use in life-supporting or
                      sustaining systems or       sustaining systems or
              ECG Alarm devices.     ECG Alarm devices.
                      Interpretation results are    Interpretation results are
                     not intended to be the      not intended to be the
                    sole means of diagnosis.   sole means of diagnosis.
                                 It is offered to physicians      It is offered to physicians
                   and clinicians on an       and clinicians on an
                     advisory basis only in       advisory basis only in
                      conjunction with the        conjunction with the
                     physician's knowledge of   physician's knowledge of
              ECG patterns, patient    ECG patterns, patient
                    background, clinical        background, clinical
                        history, symptoms and      history, symptoms and
                        other diagnostic            other diagnostic
                            information.                 information.
 Documentation         Enhanced              Enhanced                                                                                EquivalentLevel Evaluation     Documentation Level      Documentation Level
                       Software only:             Software only:
                         1) A web API              1) A web API Components                                                                  Equivalent                       2)  An automated           2)  An automated
                        proprietary algorithm.        proprietary algorithm.
                Web application        Web application
    Interface       programming interface     programming interface           Equivalent
                              (API)                       (API)
                    The automated          The automated
                     proprietary deep-learning   proprietary deep-learning
Part responsible        algorithm, which            algorithm, which
 for ECG signal    measures and analyzes    measures and analyzes           Equivalent
    analysis      ECG data to provide     ECG data to provide
                         qualified healthcare         qualified healthcare
                        professional with           professional with


                              Page 6 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary
                                                                           K253141
                        Subject device          Predicate device
                        K253141                        ( K250932)      Device                                                                         Similarities/
    functionality                                                             Differences                    DeepRhythmAI         DeepRhythmAI
                           (DRAI)                  (DRAI)
                      supportive information for   supportive information for
                               review.                     review.


     Display or                 No primary display or     No primary display or   Graphical User                                                                 Equivalent                         GUI                  GUI   Interface (GUI)


Device comparison summary:
Indications for Use in both predicate and subject device are the same. The automated
proprietary deep-learning algorithm which is responsible for ECG signal analysis remains
unchanged. The only difference is an additional feature added as the ability to cluster
individual PVCs into groups of similar morphology.
The DRAI device’s technological characteristics are like those of the cleared predicate
device.
The subject device is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


VII.  Summary of performance data
The DeepRhythmAI software for arrhythmia detection and automated analysis of ECG
data has been subjected to performance testing according to the recognized consensus
standards,  ANSI/AAMI/IEC  60601-2-47:2012/(R)2016  and  AAMI/ANSI/EC57:2012,
Moreover, to enable robust device validation, the algorithm was tested against the
proprietary database (MDG validation db) that includes a large number of recordings
captured among the intended patient population. MDG validation database allowed for
validation of additional compatible hardware configurations including two-leads recorders
and single lead patch recorders located on the upper, mid/left chest. Moreover, the
DeepRhythmAI has been subjected to performance validation testing for a hierarchical
Premature Ventricular Contraction (PVC) clustering algorithm. It shows that PVC grouping
algorithm meets predefined requirements for accuracy when clustering individual PVCs
into groups of similar morphology from electrocardiogram (ECG) data.


                                Page 7 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                        DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                     510(k) Summary
                                                                            K253141
 Furthermore, Medicalgorithmics followed ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62304 and the FDA Guidance
 Document, “General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and
FDA Staff” (January, 2002) with respect to software development and validation. Unit,
 integration and system level testing conducted identified no residual anomalies during
 verification software tests. Cybersecurity testing was conducted in which no vulnerabilities
 were  identified and  all software requirements were  satisfied. Overall, the software
 verification & validation testing was completed successfully and met all requirements.
 Testing demonstrated that the subject device performance was deemed to be acceptable.


VIII.   Conclusion
 In conclusion, DeepRythmAI based on the Intended Use, Indications for Use, product
 technical information, performance evaluation, and standards compliance provided in this
 premarket notification, the DeepRythmAI has been shown to be substantially equivalent
 to the cited predicate.


                                 Page 8 of 8