December 23, 2025

Therapanacea SAS
Ajachandra Bhairavi
Design & Compliance Director
7 bis boulevard Bourdon
Paris, 75004
France

Re: K253091
    Trade/Device Name: ART-Plan+ (v3.1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ, QKB, LLZ
    Dated: September 23, 2025
    Received: September 23, 2025

Dear Ajachandra Bhairavi:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 8 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K253091 - Ajachandra Bhairavi                                                         Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent
parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule").
The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label
and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the
dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR
830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device
Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these
requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K253091 - Ajachandra Bhairavi                                                         Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological
                                           Imaging and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for UseI  Please type in the marketing application/submission number,  if it is known. This  K253091                                                                                                              ?  textbox will be left blank for original applications/submissions.
  Please provide the device trade name(s).
IART-Plan+ (v3.1.0


  Please provide your Indications for Use below.

 ART-Plan+'s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has been
 prescribed. In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is available.

 ART-Plan+'s includes several modules:

 SmartPlan which allows automatic generation of radiotherapy treatment plan that the users import into their
 own Treatment Planning System (TPS) for the dose calculation, review and approval. This module is
 available for supported prescriptions for prostate only.

 Annotate which allows automatic generation of contours for organs at risk, lymph nodes and tumors, based
 on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images

 AdaptBox which allows generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT images, dose computation on CT images for
 external beam irradiation with photon beams and assisted CBCT-based off-line adaptation decision-making
 for the following anatomies

 Head & Neck

 Breast / Thorax

 Pelvis (male)

 ART-Plan+ is not intended to be used for patients less than 18 years of age.

 The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiotherapists, radiation
 oncologists, medical physicists, dosimetrists, and medical professionals involved in the radiation therapy
 process.

 The indicated use environments include, but are not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health facility
 offering radiation therapy.
  Please select the types of uses (select one or both, as   Z  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)
  applicable).                                                                             ] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)I

TheraPanacea SAS
   K253091             Traditional 510(k)
                           ART-Plan+

                                  510(k) Summary

        This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Part 807, Section 807.92.

     Contact details
       Applicant Name:

       TheraPanacea SAS

       Applicant Address:

       7 bis boulevard Bourdon
       75004 Paris
       France

       Applicant Contact Telephone:

       +33620604982

       Applicant Contact:

        Mrs. Bhairavi AJACHANDRA

       Applicant Contact Email:

       b.ajachandra@therapanacea.eu


     Device Name:

 Device Trade     Regulation      Common name        Device       Product     Classification
   Name        Number                                Class       Code(s)      Name
ART-Plan+         892.5050      Medical charged-particle     Class II      MUJ         System,
(v3.1.0)                               radiation therapy system                  Associated       Planning,
                                                                           Product        Radiation
                                                                             Code(s):       Therapy
                                                             QKB, LLZ      Treatment


     Legally marketed predicate device

         Predicate #                 Predicate trade name       Product code
                                    (primary predicate is listed
                                                 first)
        K242822                  ART-Plan              MUJ


       Page 1 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

Legally marketed reference devices

 Reference device #         Reference device trade     Product code
                      name
 K234068                  ART-Plan              MUJ


Device Description Summary:

ART-Plan is a software platform allowing contour regions of interest on 3D images, to provide
an automatic treatment plan and to help in the decision for the need for replanning based on
contours and doses on daily images. It includes several modules:

Home: tasks and patient monitoring

Annotate including TumorBox: contouring of regions of interest

Smartplan: creation of an automatic treatment plan based on a planning CT and a RTSS

AdaptBox: helping tool to decide  if a replanning is necessary. For this purpose, the module
allows the user to generate a synthetic-CT from a CBCT image, to auto-delineate regions of
interest on the synthetic-CT, to compute the dose on both planning CT and synthetic-CT and
then define if there is a need for replanning by comparing volume and dose metrics computed
on both images and over the course of the treatment. Those metrics are defined by the user.

Administration and Settings: preferences management, user account management, etc.

About: information about the software and its use, as well as contact details.


Annotate, TumorBox, Smartplan and AdaptBox are partially based on a batch mode, which
allows the user to launch the operations of autocontouring and autoplanning without having to
use the interface or the viewers. In that way, the software is completely integrated into the
radiotherapy workflow and offer to the user a maximum of flexibility.


Annotate which allows automatic generation of contours for organs at risk (OARs), lymph nodes
(LNs) and tumors, based on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images:

OARs and LNs:

    •  Head and neck (on CT images)

    •   Thorax/breast (on CT images)

    •  Abdomen (on CT and male on MR images)

    •   Pelvis male (on CT and MR images)


 Page 2 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

    •   Pelvis female (on CT images)

    •   Brain (on CT images and MR images)

Tumor:

    •   Brain (on MR images)


SmartPlan which allows automatic generation of radiotherapy treatment plan that the users
import into their own Treatment Planning System (TPS) for the dose calculation, review and
approval. This module is available for supported prescriptions for prostate only.

AdaptBox which allows generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT images, dose computation on
CT images for external beam irradiation with photon beams and assisted CBCT-based off-line
adaptation decision-making for the following anatomies

o Head & Neck

o Breast / Thorax

o Pelvis (male)


Intended Use/Indication for use:

ART-Plan+‘s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment
has been prescribed. In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is
available.

ART-Plan+‘s includes several modules:

    •   SmartPlan which allows automatic generation of radiotherapy treatment plan that the
       users import into their own Treatment Planning System (TPS) for the dose calculation,
       review and approval. This module is available for supported prescriptions for prostate
         only.

    •   Annotate which allows automatic generation of contours for organs at risk, lymph
       nodes and tumors, based on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and
     MR images

    •  AdaptBox which allows generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT images, dose
       computation on CT images for external beam irradiation with photon beams and
        assisted CBCT-based off-line adaptation decision-making for the following anatomies:

                     - Head & Neck

                     - Breast / Thorax

                     - Pelvis (male)


 Page 3 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

ART-Plan+ is not intended to be used for patients less than 18 years of age.

The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to,
radiotherapists, radiation oncologists, medical physicists, dosimetrists, and medical
professionals involved in the radiation therapy process.

The indicated use environments include, but are not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health
facility offering radiation therapy.

Indication for use comparison:

The intended use of the proposed device, ART-Plan+ v3.1.0,  the primary predicate and the
reference device are similar as they are both softwares intended to be used in the planning of
radiotherapy treatment:
- they allow creation of contours (same as primary predicate and reference device)
- they allow the user to import the generated plan into their own Treatment Planning System
(TPS) for dose calculation, review and approval (same as primary predicate)
- they allow the user to generate synthetic CT from CBCT, dose computation on CT images for
external beam irradiation with photon beams and offer assisted CBCT-based off-line adaptation
decision-making (same as reference device).

The indications for use of the proposed device ART-Plan+ v3.1.0 is equivalent to the one of the
primary predicate.

An additional bullet point detailing the anatomies on which AdaptBox can perform has been
added. This additional bullet point included within the proposed device and related to AdaptBox,
it is in fact covered by the reference’s device (of which the proposed device is an update)
intended use as they both allow the user to generate synthetic CT from CBCT, dose computation
on CT images for external beam irradiation with photon beams and offer assisted CBCT-based
off-line adaptation decision-making (same as reference device).

Technological Comparison:

The similarities between the proposed device and the primary predicate are the following:

    •   Both devices allow automatic generation of contours for organs at risk, lymph nodes
      and tumors, based on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR
       images

    •   Both allow automatic generation of radiotherapy treatment plan for supported
        prescriptions and anatomies that the users import into their own Treatment Planning
      System (TPS) for the dose calculation, review and approval


The differences between the proposed device and the primary predicate are:

     -   The module AdaptBox (see the bullet points below) which is covered by the reference
       device ART-Plan v2.2.0 which is the previous version cleared of both the primary
        predicate ART-Plan+ 3.0.0 and the proposed device ART-Plan+ 3.1.0:

        •   Both devices allow generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT images


 Page 4 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                               Traditional 510(k)
                            ART-Plan+


                   •   Both allow dose computation on CT and/or synthetic-CT images for external beam
                          irradiation with photon beams

                   •   Both allow assisted CBCT-based off-line adaptation decision-making for
                     supported anatomies

                    -   Addition of new structures to the already existing localizations to the segmentation
                   feature (ribs, cauda equina, prostate CTVn), improvement of existing structures to the
                 segmentation feature and extension of existing anatomy to the use of brachytherapy
                    within radiotherapy.

                    -   Improvement of the prescription coverage of SmartPlan for the existing anatomy of
                   Prostate.


          There are no differences between the proposed device and the primary predicate or the
           reference device that represent an additional claim for the proposed device.

System Information Comparison

                 Proposed Device        Primary Predicate ART-       Reference Device n°2
   Property                                                                           Comment
                 ART-Plan+ v3.1.0             Plan+ v3.0.0              ART-Plan v2.2.0
Method of Use   Standalone     software   Standalone          software   Standalone        software
                    application accessed via   application  accessed  via  a   application accessed via a
               a   compliant   browser   compliant  browser  (Chrome,   compliant browser (Chrome,
                (Chrome, Mozilla Firefox   Mozilla Firefox and Edge) on a   Mozilla Firefox and Edge) on
               and Edge) on a personal   personal computer,  tablet  or   a personal computer, tablet
                 computer,    tablet    or   phone (In case of connection to   or  phone   (In  case   of
               phone    (In   case    of   the platform with a screen of a   connection  to the  platform
                  connection     to    the   phone or a  tablet, the user   with a screen of a phone or a
                   platform with a screen of   must choose the option for the    tablet, the user must choose
                                                                                         The proposed device, the primary
               a phone or a tablet, the   desktop     site     of     his   the option  for the desktop
                                                                                                              predicate  and   the   reference
                  user  must choose  the   communication  device.  The    site  of  his communication
                                                                                                         devices are standalone software.
                   option  for  the  desktop   platform is optimally used with   device.  The   platform   is
                      site of his communication   17  inches  and  up  screen.   optimally  used   with  17
                   device. The platform  is   Facilitates     display    and   inches  and  up   screen.
                    optimally used  with 17   visualization of data by user.      Facilitates    display   and
                  inches and up  screen.                                       visualization of data by user.
                     Facilitates  display  and
                    visualization  of data by
                   user.

Delineation       AI                         AI  (deep   learning   neural   AI                       The  proposed  device,  primary
Method                                     networks)                                                      predicate  and   the   reference
                                                                                                         devices share an AI delineation
                                                                                                  method.
Synthetic CT     Generation of CT density   Not applicable                  Generation  of CT  density  The   proposed   device   and
                image   series   out   of                              image series out of multiple   reference device share the same
             CBCT images                                     MR-image series and CBCT   module named AdaptBox that can
                                                                    images                      generate synthetic-CT from CBCT
                                                                                                     images.

Dose           Dose computation on CT   Not applicable               Dose  computation  on CT
                                                                                         The proposed device  and the
computation     and/or      synthetic-CT                                   and/or synthetic-CT images
                                                                                                           reference device share the same
                images for external beam                                           for external beam irradiation
                                                                                             module named AdaptBox that can
                      irradiation  with  photon                                     with photon beams
                                                                                                      perform dose computation.
              beams


          Page 5 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                               Traditional 510(k)
                            ART-Plan+

Off-line           Assisted   CBCT-based   Not applicable                   Assisted CBCT-based  off-  The  proposed  device and  the
adaptation         off-line        adaptation                                           line   adaptation   decision-   reference device share the same
decision-         decision-making       for                               making     for    supported   module named AdaptBox that can
making          supported anatomies                                    anatomies                      assist off-line adaptation decisionmaking.

Supported       Segmentation:           Segmentation:               Segmentation:             The proposed device, the primary
Modalities  for  CT (injected or not), MR  CT  (injected  or   not), MR  CT  (injected  or  not), MR   predicate  and   the   reference
segmentation    images,       DICOM   images, DICOM RTSTRUCT,   images,         DICOM   devices propose segmentation on
              RTSTRUCT,   synthetic-   synthetic-CT from CBCT       RTSTRUCT,   synthetic-CT   medical   images   of   different
             CT from CBCT                                          from CBCT                     modalities.

Data Export       Distribution  of DICOM   Distribution     of   DICOM   Distribution    of   DICOM  The proposed device, the primary
                  compliant  Images   into   compliant Images  into  other   compliant Images into other   predicate  and   the   reference
                   other DICOM compliant  DICOM compliant systems.    DICOM compliant systems.    devices have identical data export
                 systems.                                                                                            capabilities with DICOM format.
Compatibility    Compatible   with  data   Compatible with data from any   Compatible with data from  The proposed device, the primary
                 from    any   DICOM  DICOM compliant systems for   any   DICOM    compliant   predicate  and   the   reference
                  compliant systems for the   the applicable modalities.        scanners for the applicable   devices      have       identical
                   applicable modalities.                                          modalities.                      compatibility (DICOM format)


              Technical Information

                                                                    Reference
                            Proposed Device       Primary
              Property                                                 Device           Comment
                             ART-Plan v3.1.0    Predicate ARTART-Plan v2.2.0
                                                    Plan v3.0.0
             Segmentation     Automatically         Automatically       Automatically      The proposed device, the
             Features          delineates  OARs   delineates OARs   delineates OARs  primary predicate and also
                            and lymph nodes  and lymph nodes  and lymph nodes    the reference device (when
                            and targets.        and targets.                                                      it comes to segmentation on
                                                          Deep     learning  synthetic-CT  from CBCT
                          Deep      learning  Deep     learning   algorithm.         image  used   within  the
                                    algorithm.            algorithm.                            shared module, AdaptBox)
                                                                      Automatic         propose  segmentation on
                                Automatic           Automatic          segmentation       the same localizations with
                               segmentation        segmentation       includes       the   the same medical images of
                                  includes        the   includes       the   following             different  modalities  using
                                    following              following             localizations:         AI.
                                      localizations:          localizations:         * head and neck
                              *head and neck (on   * head and neck  (on   CT   and
                        CT and  synthetic-  (on CT)             synthetic-CT from
                        CT   from  CBCT   *    thorax/breast  CBCT images)
                               images)                 (for  male/female   *    thorax/breast
                                   *thorax / breast (for  and on CT)           (for  male/female
                                male/female   and   * abdomen (on CT  and on CT and
                             on   CT    and  images and MR  synthetic-CT from
                                 synthetic-CT  from  images)        CBCT images)
                       CBCT images)        * pelvis male (on   * abdomen (on CT
                           *abdomen (on CT  CT and MR)       images and MR
                             images  and MR   * pelvis female (on  images)
                               images)         CT images)           * pelvis male (on
                                     *pelvis  male  (on   *  brain  (on CT  CT,  MR   and
                             CT,  MR   and  images and MR  synthetic-CT from
                                 synthetic-CT  from  images)        CBCT images)
                       CBCT images)                                * pelvis female (on
                                     *pelvis female (on                CT images)
                        CT    and   MR                           *  brain  (on CT
                               images)                             images and MR
                                    *brain   (on  CT                     images)
                             images  and MR
                               images)


          Page 6 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

 Regions   and   AI         Based   AI       Based  AI        Based
 Volumes          autocontouring       autocontouring     autocontouring
 of Interest (ROI)
                                                                Registration
                                                    based    contour
                                                                 projection     (reThe proposed device, the
                                                              contouring)
                                                                                primary predicate and the
                                                                                reference devices allow AI
                                                    Manual     ROI
                                                                              automatic contouring.
                                                            manipulation and
                                                              transformation
                                                             (margins,
                                                        booleans
                                                               operators,
                                                                      interpolation).


Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions


Annotate, SmartPlan and AdaptBox are three separate modules, each sold under  its own
independent         license.       Users       can        opt         to purchase either
Annotate, SmartPlan or AdaptBox individually or even many modules with specific license for
each module, based on their specific needs.

Annotate  is designed  for segmentation workflows, enabling an end-to-end process where
images are sent to be contoured, and the resulting contours are returned in RTSS format. On
the other hand, SmartPlan takes the patient’s CT image and approved set of structures (RTSS)
as input and generates a potentially deliverable treatment plan (RTPLAN). These RTSS files not
only include contours of organ at risks (OARs) and lymph nodes (LNs) s but also tagerts that
can be  created by  clinicians  using  other  devices  than ART-Plan's Annotate module.
Similarly, AdaptBox is a helping tool to decide if a replanning is necessary. For this purpose, the
module allows the user to generate a synthetic-CT from a CBCT image, to auto-contour regions
of interest on the synthetic-CT using Annotate or to propagate contours from the planning CT to
the synthetic-CT by registration without using Annotate, to compute the dose on both planning
CT and synthetic-CT and then define if there is a need for replanning by comparing volume and
dose metrics computed on both images and over the course of the treatment. Those metrics are
defined by the user.

As we are doing retrospective non-clinical performance testing, all the steps of the workflow
where ART-Plan is involved have been tested independently.

In order to determine the substantial equivalence of ART-Plan + v3.1.0, the following tests have
been performed:

Annotate: The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use  if one of the test
passes:

Non   regression   testing   of autosegmentation - Validation   of   the   performance
of autosegmentation (on CT and MR images) of already existing structures after retraining or
algorithm improvement was performed by comparison of the DSC between contours generated
by the previous version of ART-Plan and manual contours performed by medical experts and
the DSC between contours generated by the new version of ART-Plan + (v3.1.0) and manual
contours performed by medical experts. The evaluation was performed on a minimum sample


 Page 7 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

size of 24 patients. The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use  if the following
acceptance criterion is achieved:
    •  Mean DSC should not regress negatively between the current and last validated
       version of Annotate beyond a maximum tolerance margin set to -5% relative
        error.
For the specific case of autosegmentation on synthetic-CT from CBCT images, the validation of
the performance of autosegmentation of already existing structures after autosegmentaiton or
synthetic CT generation algorithms retraining or improvement was performed by comparison of
the DSC obtained with contours generated on CT images and the DSC obtained on contours
generated on synthetic CT from CBCT images. The evaluation was performed on a minimum
sample size of 24 patients.
The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:
    •  Mean DSC (sCT) should be equivalent to Mean DSC (CT) beyond a maximum
       tolerance margin set to -5% relative error.

OR

Qualitative    evaluation    of autosegmentation - Validation    of    the   performance
of autosegmentation of new structures (or structures not passing the non regression testing) on
CT, MR & synthetic-CT from CBCT images was performed by qualitative evaluation of the
contours by medical experts. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size
of 18 patients.
The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:
    •  The clinicians’ qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered
       acceptable for clinical use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications
             / corrections (B) with a A+B % above or equal to 85% considering the following
        scale:
           A.  the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
           B.  the  contour  would  be  acceptable  for  clinical  use  after  minor
               modifications/corrections
           C.  the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the
              expert to manually delineate the structure)

OR

Quantitative   evaluation   of autosegmentation – validation    of    the   performance
of autosegmentation of new structures on CT, MR images was performed by  quantitative
evaluation of the contours. This evaluation was performed on a minimum sample size
of 24 patients.
The contours are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance criterion is
achieved:
    •  Mean DSC (annotate) ≥ 0.8


SmartPlan: The treatments plans are considered acceptable for clinical use if both tests
(quantitative and qualitative) pass:

Quantitative and  qualitative  evaluation  of  automatic  treatment  plans  generations
– validation of the performance of automatic radiotherapy treatment plans generation was
performed by both quantitative and qualitative evaluation. The quantitative evaluation consisted
of direct comparison with  manual  plans. The  qualitative  evaluation  consisted of medical

 Page 8 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

experts determining the clinical acceptability of plans. These evaluations were performed on a
minimum sample size of 20 patients.
The treatments plans are considered acceptable for clinical use  if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:
    •   Quantitative  evaluation: effectiveness  difference  (%)  in DVH achieved goals
      between manual plans and automatic plans ≤ 5%
AND
    •   Qualitative evaluation: % of clinical acceptable automatic plans ≥ 93% after expert
        review.

AdaptBox: Features of AdaptBox are considered  acceptable  for  clinical use   if they
pass the associated acceptance criteria:

Dosimetric evaluations  of  synthetic  CT  from CBCT  images – validation   of  the
performance of the synthetic CT from CBCT images was performed by dosimetric evaluation.
The dosimetric evaluation   consisted   of dosimetric endpoints  comparison with  standard
CT. These evaluations were performed on a minimum sample size of 15 patients.
The synthetic-CT from CBCT feature in AdaptBox module produces is considered acceptable
for clinical use if the following acceptance criteria are achieved:
    •  Median 2%/2mm ≥ 92%
AND
    •  Median 3%/3mm ≥ 93.57%
AND
    •  A median dose deviation (synthetic-CT compared to standard CT) of ≤2%
        in ≥76.7% of patients

Quantitative validation of synthetic CT from CBCT images – validation of the performance
of the synthetic CT from CBCT images was performed by anatomic and geometric evaluation.
The evaluation consisted of direct comparison of anatomy and geometry with the associated
CBCT. These evaluations were performed on a minimum sample size of 15 patients. (Note that
this evaluation has also been performed on a independent dataset composed only of US
patients)
The treatments plans are considered acceptable for clinical use  if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:
    •  Jacobian determinant = 1 +/- 5%

Qualitative validation of deformation of planning CT towards CBCT images – validation of
the performance of the deformation of planning CT images was performed by qualitative
evaluation. The evaluations were performed on a minimum sample size of 10 patients.
The deformed planning CT are considered acceptable for clinical use if the following acceptance
criteria are achieved:
    •  The clinicians’ qualitative evaluation of the overall registration output following clinical
        protocols to qualitatively assess registration outcomes is considered acceptable for
          clinical use  with A+B% above or equal  to 85% for deformable  considering the
        following scale:
    A. The registration exceeds the expectation
    B. The registration meets the expectation (incl. cases for which additional margin may
      be required or registration might be relaunched using different supporting tools)
    C. The registration is not acceptable


 Page 9 of 10

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Traditional 510(k)
                      ART-Plan+

Qualitative validation of deformable propagation of contours from planning CT to
synthetic CT from CBCT images – validation of the performance of the propagation of
contours
    •  The   clinicians’   qualitative   evaluation   of   the  propagated   contours   postregistration are considered   acceptable    for    clinical   with A+B%  above   or
       equal to 85% considering the following scale:
    A. The contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
    B. The contour would be acceptable for clinical use after minor modification / corrections
    C. The contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the expert to
       manually delineate the structure)


All validation tests were carried out using datasets representative of the worldwide population
receiving radiotherapy treatments. Finally, all tests passed their respective acceptance criteria,
thus showing ART-Plan + v3.1.0 clinical acceptability.

Regarding performance on US data:

Our approach is to always include a portion of US data within the testing data every time we
wanted to clear a new module/function of the device for the first time in the US: for instance, we
did that for Annotate during the first submission then recently for SmartPlan as well, when they
were first introduce in the US market. Then, whenever we added new organs/structures or
improved our cleared models validated on US data, we did not retest on US data particularly.
Moreover, TheraPanacea is planning to expand its product approval in some other region of the
world who might also request testing on their population. At some point we would be unable to
include all covered regions’ population data at 50% in our testing dataset.

However, we have tried as much as possible to collect US data, and the testing dataset is now
represented by 31% of US data (Total of 2040 patients for ART-Plan with 1413 EU patients
and  627 US  patients).  The  table  below  shows  the  details  of  the  datasets  for
Annotate, SmartPlan and AdaptBox.

    •  Module Annotate: Total of 1844 patients composed of 1254 EU patients and 590 US
        patients
    •  Module SmartPlan: Total of 35 patients composed of 25 EU patients and 10 US patients
    •  Module AdaptBox: Total of 161 patients composed of 134 EU patients and 27 US
        patients


Clinical tests :Not applicable

Based     on      the       information      presented        in      these      510(k)
premarket notifications the TheraPanacea ART-Plan  is  considered substantially  equivalent.
The TheraPanacea ART-Plan + 3.1.0  is as safe and effective as the currently marketed
predicate device.

Based  on  testing  and  comparison  with  the  predicate  devices, TheraPanacea ARTPlan indicated no  adverse   indications   or   results.     It    is   our   determination   that
the TheraPanacea ART-Plan +   3.1.0  performs   within   its  design   specifications  and
is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


 Page 10 of 10