| hps 4 ifn a
COMPUMEDICS SLEEP
MONITORING SYSTEM

(
510(k) Summary
K955841
~
February 1997
Issue 2

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System ©: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Index
General Information .....scsccsssssssssssssssssssscssesseesessentnssssesssssessesnsessasesesanceeessnesesanensnnsservasnnssvnnsnsens 3
Manufacturing Facility AddreSS .........sssssssssssssseesesessesssssusssssssseccenensennnnnnsssccconscqnenennsnsnnnsnsgsenenegesesees 3
Trade/Proprietary Name........sssssssssssssssssssnsessssssssesssseesssseceeneeseecceeesececsnesequecesmnanannnocenanensengnsssssssssse 3
Common/Usual Name ...cccccssscsssssssssscscsssssssssssssssseesenseesienssssunssessussscenssanseenanesnnnesenanensnanensesntas 3
Reason for Premarket Notification ........sssssssssssssssessssseessssanssssscesssssssssseesesessnssesersananseesesnansssnsnneseee 3
Device Classification ....sscsososssssssssssssssssssssssssscsssnssssssessesnassssecceesensasnseeseecesnanseeensnnnssssenesnansnsnensesens 3
Certification ...cccccsscsssssssssssssssssssssssssssesccssssssesessenssssseecsssssssssescesseessssseeecesesanaseeennansssancesnansnensnnssees 3
Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicates..............-sssssssswsessseseseensesensssansnnnenssesesnssesenetnens 4
Performance Standards.....csccssscssssssssssssssssssssscceessssnenssssesetssnsssssssesessnssssnssceesnnsceeeessomanssssessesnsnsssese
Device Description ........ssssssssssssrescsssssssescesssnsecescsnnseescesssnecesssnsnscsennsnssecenssanscsseunanseseccsnnnsssscnegnnsesssenssanesens 5
Polysomnography .........sssvsssssssssesssessssseescessnuensessennussecessnnecenssonnesssssanensecssoansscesnnnunssscgcoanaesascosensessensenese 5
System Description....cccssssosssssscsessesesessesssounssseessssseesssneesnnsseesesnsrernuensecennnecenaneesvnsnensnnnsecenanenee 7
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Summary ........svsssssssssssssssssssssesesseseeseeeeseseeessssnnnnanentsesensennes 8
{ S-Series Hardware Photograph...csssscsssssssessssscessessessssssseessasssssseceessssnssssseseesnnnnneceessnnanssenenssssnnnss 9
S-Series System Diagram .........ssssssssccsssssssesssssnsesesessnetenssnsssessesaneneecnsssnecessnnssssscnssnannasecegnanssseceeaneses 10
S-Series Preamplifier Module ..........ssssssssssssssssessssssteccsssnserecsssneesennassnsecessnsscnnncnunneeansnnanasasecssesnenes 11
P-Series Hardware Photograph.......sssssssscsccsssussssssssssesessssssssssceesessnansecceseeesmasssescesssnsnsneseesessnnnes 12
P-Series Portable Main Unit ......ssssssssscssssesesssssssssssssssesssssssssseeseesnssnsccessesesnnneneseresssssonescssesnnnnes 1S
Electrodes and Sensors ...csssssssssssssssssssssssssssscsssssessssesssssssssssssssssssssnsesssevensssssnasanssssncecsesscsenscsssssesrsessene LS
Example of US¢ .......sssscsssssessssssssescessssssecssnnsneeeecsnnnseesonnerensoanivecsssnaserseesansceesousasaccegnanansccsceasnesesenenes ene 16
Functions Performed ......ssssccssssssscssssssssssssscsssessescceesesssnunnssceesesssssssssessesesssnnsneeseessnenstccesenassssnssenee 16
Anatomical Sites.....ccccssscssssssesssssssessssssssssecsesssunseseesesecessssssseccesessusssssssssseessnsscecenssnnnnsscesessnanesets 1G
Position sensOf..ssscssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssessessscecesccsesceesescseseseecsesesesesseseesesessusnnsnnnnnsnnsenennccncnensnets 16
Leg Sensor.....sssscsssssssssssssssssssssnesessssssesesssnnessssennssssessunececsannsstessnsssenssnnsscescanusssacecannsecansonnanessesenesegs 16
Target Population .........sssssssssessssssseesecsssssessssenussecsessnesssssnerecsennvsctesannesessansssessenanesscanonnasssecangnanssenenteg 16
Summary of Technological Characteristics.............cscscssssssesssseessecssbessssessseeessssnansnnnesssesseseceeseenenananesees 17
Comparison of Compumedics S-Series Sleep Monitoring System, SensorMedics 4100 Series and
Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake Analysis System .........ssssssssssssssssssssssssseesssusssseeeesnsssssssesssssnssssesesees LT
( Comparison of Compumedics P-Series Sleep Monitoring System and SensorMedics 4250 Series .. 18
Performance Testing..........s::sssssssssseseseeeeessssnsesssssssssssssssssssssssessssssnssssssnnssnsesesenssesseccecesenrsestsrsenssssees LD
Physical Characteristics ........1s..ssssssssssssessesesssesssssesssessssssssssssssssssssnnsssnnssssseecesecsesceneecsesencnessssssrssenssers LD
Safety Characteristics .......sssssessssssssesserssessesssssssesessssssssssssnssssssssssssnsnssesescenecececeecceneseessesesnnsvassensers 20
Matterials.......sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssensessnseseneseeeeseeessssssessssesesssesesssnnseenceessanenseeceegnenecessssssensnanssseess 20
Power Source and Energy Delivered......ssssssssssssssssssssssesssssussssssssseeecsussssssssseeesananseceesessnnansenencsnsens 20
Are the Descriptive Characteristics Precise Enough to Ensure Equivalence? ........scscssssssssssssssssseesees 21
Conclusions from Clinical Performance Data ......sssss:ssssssssssssssesscscsssessssssneseeseessssnsasssnnesesseeseeeserenenmneens 22
COnCIUSION. ....ccssssssesecsssssssssvessceccesssssnssssseeececsscessnusscssececersnsnssessseesssssusussesesseeesssansnsussssceesseseseessensnuaeeenstat 2D)
ee

m
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System ©: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
General Information
Manufacturing Facility Address
Compumedics Sleep Pty. Ltd
1 Marine Parade
Abbotsford, Victoria, 3067
Australia
A.C.N. 006 854 897
Tel: 011 61 3 9419 $433
Fax: 011 61 3 9419 5488
Contact Names: David Burton, Managing Director
Lance Thomas, Operations Manager
Trade/Proprietary Name
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System:
( S-Series
P-Series
W-Series
Common/Usual Name
Sleep Assessment Device
Reason for Premarket Notification
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is a new device.
Device Classification
Sleep Assessment Equipment has been assigned FDA product code 73MNR (Ventilative effort
recorder breathing frequency monitor).
At least two devices have received clearance for commercial distribytion as Class II medical devices
via substantial equivalence (510(k)) determinations under this designation. Those devices are the
Farrall Instruments, Incorporated Sleep Assessment Device (K792305, December 20, 1979
( determination) and Somnitec Incorporated’s Somnimic (K912817, July 26, 1991, determination).
Additionally, the Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake System (K873535) and the SensorMedics Series 4000
Sleep System (K915856) have been cleared for commercial distribution through the determination of
substantial equivalence under the 84GWQ product code (also under the Neurology panel designation).
In that all four of the above-named devices are sleep assessment equipment (like the subject
Compumedics device), and all four of the above-named devices have been cleared for marketing
through the substantial equivalence (510(k)) process, and as these latter two devices have been chosen
as predicates for the subject device, we maintain that the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is
similarly a Class II device, subject to market authorisation through the process of determination of
substantial equivalence.
Certification
As the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is not claiming substantial equivalence to a Class III
device, a certification statement is not required.

_ ape
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System  @: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Predicate Devices
Predicate devices claimed:
Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake Analysis System
SensorMedics Series 4000 System
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to currently marketed
SensorMedics Series 4000 and Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake System. The Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake
System, manufactured by Nicolet Biomedical Instruments, Madison, Wisconsin 53711-0287, was
subject of an approved 510(k) notification on October 26, 1987, (Ref. No. K873535). The
SensorMedics Series 4000, manufactured by SensorMedics Corporation, Yorba Linda, California
92687, was subject of an approved 510(k) notification on October 26, 1992, (Ref. No. K915856).
Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicates
There are no substantial distinctions in technological characteristics among the predicate and subject
devices.
Performance Standards
; To date, no performance standards or special controls applicable to this type of device have been
( promulgated by the Agency.
Intended Use
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is used as an aid in the diagnosis of sleep and respiratory
related sleep disorders. The use of this seep monitoring system is to be under the supervision of a
physician, sleep technologist or clinician. The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is an
information management tool to record, display, organise, summarise, redisplay (retrieve) and generate
user-defined reports based on the subject’s data received from monitoring devices typically used to
evaluate sleep and sleep related respiratory disorders.
The users of the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System are medical professionals who have received
training in the areas of hospital procedures, physiological monitoring of human subjects, and sleep
disorder investigation.
(
a

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Device Description

Overview

Polysomnography involves recording of individual signals collected by various standard physiological
monitoring and recording devices typically used for such studies. These include EEG, ECG, respiratory
sensors, body position sensors, oximeters, etc. The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is a device
which integrates the monitoring and recording function of these individual devices, and provides the
means to gather all these signals simultaneously into a single “box” where these signals can be viewed,
stored, and retrieved in formats selected by the clinician or sleep technologist.
Polysomnography

Polysomnography (PSG) involves the continuous, overnight monitoring and recording of selected
physiological variables to assist in evaluation of sleep and sleep related respiratory disorders. These
variables may include neurological activity, heart rate, body movements, nasal and oral airflow,
snoring noises, eye movements, and others. Electrical signals are sent from specialised sensors applied
to various body parts (e.g. head, chest, face) to an integrated recording and/or displaying instrument

( called a polygraph.

There are three generic types of signals collected:

a) Bioelectrical Potentials: These are signals produced by the body’s own tissues, such as
brain wave recordings [electroencephalogram (EEG)], eye movement recordings
[electrooculogram [EOG}), muscle activity recordings [electromyogram (EMG)}, and
heart rate recordings [electrocardiogram (ECG). Bioelectrical potentials are recorded by
placing sensors over the tissues generating these signals (e.g. on the scalp for EEG, chest
for ECG, next to the eyes for EOG).

b) Non-electrical Physiologic Activity: Non-electric physiological activity is translated into
electrical signals by transducers. For example: a thermistor or thermocouple measures
change in temperature to monitor nasal or oral airflow (cool upon inhalation, warm upon
expiration); inductive respiratory bands measure chest/abdominal effort in response to
movement; and position sensors monitor body position.

c) Other signals: Other physiological activities translated into electrical signals by auxiliary
devices. These may include devices such as oximetry to measure haemoglobin oxygen
saturation (SaO,).

The patterns of these electrical signals are distinct in the different stages of sleep. At the onset of sleep,
( the brain’s activity shifts into specific patterns. There are four stages of sleep: Stage 1 (light sleep),
Stage 2, Stage 3/4 (slow wave), and REM (Rapid Eye Movement). Stages 1, 2, 3 and 4 are also
collectively referred to as non-REM (NREM) sleep. Each stage is characterised by brain waves (EEG)
of very specific frequencies and/or amplitudes. Stages of sleep may also be defined by certain types of
eye movements (EOG) and muscle activities (EMG).
There is a regular progression of sleep stages for a normal sleep period. A sleep cycle is a period of
REM sleep followed by NREM sleep. Typically, there are four to six sleep cycles per sleep period.
Sleep disorders can cause disruptions in this normal pattern and their presence can be determined by
monitoring changes in the sleep pattern. For example, when breathing through a blocked or partially
blocked throat, the stress of this event may cause abrupt changes in brain activity, sometimes waking
the person or moving them into a lighter stage of sleep. (e.g. Stage 1) prematurely. Often this results in
a shorter total sleep time and reduced slow wave (Stage 3/4) and REM sleep. This sleep deprivation or
fragmentation of normal sleep cycles may result in daytime sleepiness and poor daytime function.
Respiratory dysfunction occurring during sleep is referred to as sleep apnea and is a common condition
contributing to sleep deprivation. When abnormal breathing episodes occur repetitively during a sleep
period, a person is said to suffer from sleep apnea. An apnea episode or event occurs when the throat
becomes totally blocked (obstructed) with complete or almost complete cessation of airflow lasting
momentarily and is usually associated with oxygen desaturation or arousal. An hyponea occurs when
i

ray
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
the throat is partially blocked, and when breathing continues but is diminished (about 70% reduction in
airfow) and is also associated with oxygen desaturation or arousal. To resume breathing, hypopnea or
apnea triggers increased inspiration efforts and within seconds, enough pressure builds up to open the
obstructed throat, where a load snort or gasp may result. Alternatively, snoring may result when throat
tissues vibrate while breathing through a partially blocked throat.
One obvious consequence of sleep apnea is disturbance of one’s sleep an possibly that of a bed partner,
which may result in diminished activity or capacity during the day, and possibly embarrassment or
marital discord. However, a more serious consequence of these breathing disorders is in causing
repeated, episodic drops in the body’s oxygen levels. It is hypothesised that this causes stress on the
heart, contributes to high blood pressure and other heart ailments (heart attacks, angina, irregular heart
rhythms) or possibly stroke.
PSG is used to monitor and record physiological signals during sleep to permit evaluation of sleep
patterns and aid in the diagnosis of sleep disorders. Apneas and hypopneas that last longer than ten
seconds are characterised by a drop in oxygen and a change in brain wave pattern. If the incidence of
apnea and hypopneas during sleep is greater than an established baseline, a diagnosis of sleep apnea is
determined. For accurate assessments of these respiratory “events”, the following parameters are
monitored:
( ¢ Brain activity (EEG) to determine the stage of sleep and arousals.
© Muscle activity (EMG) to determine the stage of sleep and arousals.
e Eye movements (EOG) to determine the stage of sleep and arousals.
¢ Thermistors or thermocouples monitor oral/nasal airflow.
¢ Sensors that measure thoracic and abdominal distension/movement with breathing monitor
respiratory effort.
© Oximetry measures blood oxygen saturation levels (SaO,) by passing light through the
finger capillaries and measuring absorption patterns.
© Body position is monitored (e.g. via position sensor and/or infrared video camera) to
determine if supine, upright, or side position is common during an event.
« Heart rate (ECG) is monitored to evaluate stress related to breathing and arrhythmia
detection.
Historically, this monitoring has been performed by individual devices dedicated to one, or a few, of
these physiological parameters. Only in recent years have integrated sleep monitoring systems been
designed and commercialised to collect all of this data simultaneously. The subject device is one such
device.
Following the collection of sleep data by PSG monitoring, the first step in processing the study data
involves segregating the physiological data obtained through PSG into specific time intervals, called
{ “epochs”. A typical epoch used is 20 or 30 seconds. (Epochs longer than 30 seconds could introduce a
bias against short-lived sleep changes.) Once epochs are established, the clinician scores each epoch
into standard sleep stages using the obtained physiological data. Scoring the data is based on
established methodology (Rechtscaffen, A and Kales, A. A Manual of Standardised Terminology,
Techniques and Scoring System for Sleep Stages of Human Subjects, United States National Instututes
of Health publication No. 204, 1968). Using the scored epochs, the clinician next noted the times
occurrence, the duration, and the relative distribution of the Rechtscaffen and Kales (R&K) sleep
stages.
Manual segregation of data accumulated from many independent monitoring devices into epochs and
sleep stage scoring can be a labour intensive, tedious, and time-consuming process. Electronic
recording, storage, retrieval and display of the monitored physiological parameters by a single
integrated device offers many advantages over manual processing and evaluation of chart recorded
outputs. The subject Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System offers this automatic organisation of
data, in addition to the fundamental monitoring and collection function.
The automated display of the polysomnographic information is neither unique nor novel, and merely
represents the application of automated, computer-assisted display and graphing functions to the
physiological data collected by physiological activity monitoring devices. This permits faster
evaluation of the data by the clinician and facilitates diagnosis.

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System  @; 510(k) Device Summary K955841
System Description
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System consists of three sub-systems:
e S-Series
© P-Series
© W-Series
The S-Series is for monitoring multiple subjects simultaneously in the clinical setting. The P-Series
allows for monitoring a single irtdividual remotely, outside the clinical site (e.g. in their home). Both
the S-Series and P-Series software modules operate using MS-DOS. The W-Series offers the user the
capability to operate the Sleep Monitoring System in Windows (TM) instead of MS-DOS.
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is comprised of hardware and software modules which
allow for the collection and organisation of sleep study information. These modules have been
expressly designed to be used in varying combinations to meet the wide range of needs of the sleep
assessment device user. The minimum modules for the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System
consists of the following:
S-Series: (I to 8) Patient Interface Box(es) - One for each patient
. (1 to 8) Preamplifier Module(s) - One for each patient
( (1) Workstation Module using MS-DOS Software
P-Series: (1) Patient Interface Box
(1) Portable Main Unit
(09) Memory Card
W-Series: Optional software for S-Series and P-Series to run Windows (TM)
The hardware and software modules are used in combinations to aquire, digitise, and record a variety
of physiological signals during polysomnography (PSG) studies. Following the acquisition of the study
data, the other hardware and software module combinations allow the sleep technician to review,
Process, generate reports, and archive all study information. The automated data processing functions
the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System can perform are:
© Sleep staging
e Respiratory scoring
e Detection of arousal events
© Detection of periodic leg movement (PLM) events °
t These sleep staging functions are based on standard Rechtscaffen and Kales (R&K) methodology
‘ (Rechtscaffen, A and Kales, A. A Manual of Standardised Terminology, Techniques and Scoring
System for Sleep Stages of Human Subjects, United States National Instututes of Health publication
No. 204, 1968).

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Summary
Manufacturer Name Compumedics Compumedics Compumedics
Phone Number (613) 9419 5433 (613) 9419 5433 (613) 9419 5433
Model Names with Specific Model S-Series Sleep P-Series Sleep W-Series Sleep
Numbers Monitoring System | Monitoring System | Monitoring System
v7 v2 v2
Comparison Categories
(
| Oximeter (Built-In or External) [External Builtrin | External
| A/D Vertical Resolution (in Bits) [8 orl2 | Borl2_ |B orl?
| Sampling Rate/Channel Samples/sec [Max 500 per channel | Max 250 per channel | Max $00 per channel |
[ Storage Rate/Channel Samples/sec [Max 500 per channel_[ Max 250 per channel [ Max 500 per channel |
‘
Pentium 166 or 16 Bit /14 Mhz Pentium 166 or
Resolution (Width x Height [Pixels]) 1024 x 768 (MS- 1024 x 768 (MS- 1024 x 768 or greater
og | bog te | oes |
[Type of Low Level Amplifiers | Bullt'n or exiermal_| _Built-in__| Builltin or external_|
[ Number ofUnitsSold «d= Obes «| 1 SC«dSCSSC CS?
| Warranty on Parts andLabor [12 Months [12 Months [12 Months |
* Prices may vary with specialised configurations

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System 5i0(k) Device Summary K955841
S-Series Hardware Overview
The diagrams of the S-Series depict typical configurations of the hardware modules. The photograph is
a mock set-up of a sleep study demonstrating the use of the S-Series.
$-Series Hardware Photograph
Thoracic Respiratory Band Triple Thermistor _.
Abdominal Respiratory Band ... (Air Flow Sensor) Position
Patient Interface Box \ Electrodes Sensor
— .. =|... 8 ae. oy
Computer System _.. Preamplifier Module __ Leg Sensor cmi160
(Typically in another roorn) SaQ, Probe (Under clothing) rev. t
en nn

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
S-Series System Diagram
Patient 1 ipitent Preamplifier
rn Box Module
a
NS © ag
= Uo Zw
Di a <oS Telephone
oN cs Sw
St a Z p SS ZA
Patient2 — interface Z Modem Modem
(Optional) Box Preamplifier Workstation (Optional) (Optional) Remote
(Optional) "Module Module Monitoring
(Optional) Station
(Optional)
(
S-Series Patient Interface Box
The S-Series Patient Interface Box (PIB) is designed to fulfil the following functions:
Electrode and sensor interface for the Compumedics Preamplifier Module Cards, as
housed in the Compumedics Preamplifier Module.
e Remote electrode impedance measurement.
2S
S @ry
KSoAarG ~“%
eT, FY
<
(i oP
S-Series Patient Interface Box
The following input connectors are provided on the S-Series PIB
¢ Preamplifier channels 1 to 11. These are differential input channels allowing connection to
the channels 1 to 11 of the Compumedics Preamplifier Module.
¢ Airflow Sensor
© Position Sensor
© Auxiliary input for Abdominal Respiratory Band (requires ACNONISO card in
Preamplifier Module)
Auxiliary input for Thoracic Respiratory Band (requires ACNONISO card in Preamplifier
Module)
© Microphone. (The PIB also contains an internal microphone.)
a

|
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System  @; 510(k) Device Summary K955841
S-Series Preamplifier Module
The Preamplifier Module is a computerised system which performs all the conditioning of the signals
from the patient for input to the Analogue to Digital (A/D) cards in the computer.
‘The Preamplifier Module is located next to the patient and is connected to the computer by cable
installations.
LT
Qs |
Nae
; s
Se cmzoe
S-Series Preamplifier Module
The complete range of Preamplifier Cards for each patient are housed in the Preamplifier Module. The
Preamplifier Module has the provision for up to 20 input cards and one supervisory processor card. All
Preamplifier Cards may be removed and replaced in the Preamplifier Module. The Preamplifier Cards
are secured by two screws - one at the top and one at the bottom of the respective front panel.
The Preamplifier Module and Preamplifier Cards have been designed to comply with the AS3200.1
medical standards.
ee
:

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System 510(k) Device Summary K95S841

P.Series Hardware Overview

The diagrams of the P-Series depict typical configurations of the hardware modules. The photograph is

a mock set-up of 2 sleep study demonstrating the use of the p-Series. The P-Series Main Unit and

Patient Interface Box have been arranged in this fashion for the photograph only and would not be

placed on the bed during the recording of an actual stucly.

P.Series Hardware Photograph

Triple Thermistor .... Position Sensor _ _.. Thoracic Respiratory Band

(Air Flow Sensor) \ Bieiodes _. Abdominal Respiratory Band

Patient Interface Box... / P-Series Main Unit _. / Leg Sensor M1159

Analogue Lead -. Sa), Probe (Under clothing) rev. 1

_ t
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System ©: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
P-Series System Diagram

' '
‘\7 SF, Se CO wy '
- ' a S . > 1!
= —~ S d
5 Saou |
| Patient ; . Bive. Panter |
Patient | Interface Main Serial Modem Modem Computer ‘
' x H
boone eee eee eee n ence ence nee e ener rr rsrrrrsrrstt
Remote Online Fullscreen Monitoring
alee]
' ’
'
Ly 1
1: Patient . rive rit '
Patient | Intgrface Main Setial Computer '
! ‘
Local Online Fullscreen Monitoring
prrccc errr rrr ree
rN ' '
'
Ne BFA CO
‘ Optical Colour H
| Patient Main Memory rive Printer +
Patient 1 Interface Unit Card Computer '
1 BOK een eee nee ene ee eee errr
Standard System .
es

rc ne a
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
P-Series Patient Interface Box
Electrodes attached to the patient are connected to the P-Series Patient Interface Box (PIB). The PIB
amplifies the signals and then the amplified signals are passed to the Portable Main Unit using an
analogue cable.

AIRFLOW SENSOR
INTERNAL LIGHT SENSOR ABDOMINAL RESPIRATORY
EXTERNAL LIGHT SENSOR NSOR
Nat < POSITION SENSOR
INTERNA S\,
MICROPHONE CES <<
KO; EZ
Ss ii a“ ELECTRODE
f
P-Series Patient Interface Box
The following input connectors are provided on the P-Series PIB
e Airflow Sensor
« Abdominal Respiratory Band
¢ Thoracic Respiratory Band
¢ Position Sensor
¢ Brain activity (EEG and EEG/2)
© Heart activity (ECG)
e Leg movement sensor (LEG/L and LEG/R)
e Muscle activity (EMG)
« Eye movement (EOG/L and EOG/R)
© Microphone (MIC)
e Auxiliary input (AUX)
e Patient Reference (PAT/REF) ‘
«. EEG/A
« EEGB
( ° EEG/C
« External LDR and Microphone
e Internal Microphone
¢ Internal Light Sensor

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System ©: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
P-Series Main Unit
The Main Unit is a key component of the Compumedics P-Series Sleep Monitoring System. It is used
to digitise and record the patient’s physiological signals onto a PCMCIA Memory Card.
DISPLAY SCREEN
SELECTION BUTTONS. <e~
CONTRAST —~ ES
|
> = G ANALOGUE
o-4 (age INPUT
x *IGZ
SS A Be OXIMETER INPUT
ier
‘ AIR PRESSURE INPUT
, LAN i SERIAL PORT
( POWER SWITCH
AUXILIARY PORT
cutono
OC POWER INPUT ru
P-Series Main Unit
Electrodes and Sensors
Compumedics supplies a kit containing PSG monitoring electrodes and sensors. This kit contains 6
types of sensors and 2 types of electrodes.
The following electrodes and sensors are manufactured by Compumedics:
e Leg sensors
© Position sensors
¢ Triple thermistor (airflow sensor) .
¢ Snap on electrode
( The following electrodes and sensors are purchased from vendors:
e Inductive respiratory band
© Oral/nasal cannula sensor
«© Oximeter probe
© Gold cup electrode
ee
uae wy

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System ©: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Example of Use
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System provides menus from which the sleep technician may
select/assign criteria for automated collection and organisation of specific events, or for off-line data
summarisation. Importantly, such decisions made by the sleep technician do not change the raw data
recorded during PSG. The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System will automatically score the PSG
data according to either R&K default values or clinician-selected criteria, and hence, eliminates the
need to manually score PSG data. Thus analysis can be performed by the clinician more efficiently and
expeditiously.
As an example, processing the data for respiratory scoring involves marking the occurrences of
respiratory events which are defined by various parameters. These parameters have set default values
which must be accepted by the operator or can be defined by the operator for different patients or
different study parameters. Periodic Leg Movement (PLM) events, Arousal events, and Sleep Staging
can be scored in a similar manner based on defined parameters using either default settings or operator
defined values.
Compumedics provides User Guides that contain examples of how to use the Compumedics Sleep
¢ Monitoring System for a sleep study.
A
Functions Performed
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System performs the following functions:
Electronically records physiological parameters received by standard electrodes and
sensors during a subject’s sleep to allow for recall and off-line (retrospective) data analysis
© Permits on-line (real-time) display of data
Allows operator to choose range for parameters for off-line (retrospective) data processing
© Automatically scores sleep stages, respiratory events, arousal events, and Periodic Leg
Movement (PLM) events using either default values (based upon standard R&K scoring
system) accepted, or those assigned by the sleep technician
© Generates and prints study graphics and reports
Anatomical Sites
The placement of the electrodes and sensors depends on the parameter being monitored for the sleep
study The following are some examples of placement of sleep study monitoring devices used by all
three Systems.
( Position sensor
¢ A transducer attached to the patient's clothing or skin over the sternum which indicates
whether the subject is lying prone (front), supine (back), or on their right or left sides.
Leg Sensor
¢ When placed on a leg muscle (anterior tibialis), the sensor provides signal output
proportional to leg muscle movement.
Thermistor
© Measures change in air temperature and is taped just beneath the subject's nose and just
above the upper lip to monitor airflow through the oral and nasal cavities.
Target Population
The target population of all three systems are subjects undergoing evaluations sanctioned by sleep
disorder centers where this technology has been used to record and evaluate sleep disorders since the
1950’s.
oO 1

m
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System  @: 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Summary of Technological Characteristics
The following comparison table outlines the similarities and difference between the Compumedics
Sleep Monitoring System and the SensorMedics Series 4100 (Somnostar) and Series 4250 (Somnotrac)
and the Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake System.
Comparison of Compumedics S-Series Sleep Monitoring System,
SensorMedics 4100 Series and Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake Analysis
System
Features/Technical Compumedics SensorMedics Nicolet Expert
Information S-Series Sleep 4100 Series Sleep/Wake
Monitoring (Somnostar) Analysis System
System
[intendedUse | SleepAnalysis [Same [Same
Number of Patients Can 1 per Preamp, 2 per Up to 4
Monitor Simultaneously Workstation
( Module and up to 8
per Full System
[ Limited by Storage [Same [Same
Data Inputs From Existing
ECG or Polygraphs
Number of Channels/Patient 20 Channels / 16 channels 16 channels/patient
Patient Digital
Oversampling
| Aotomated Channel Calibration [Yes | Same | Semi-automated |
and Report
Generation
[Menu-Based Operations [Yes | Same [Same
Calibrate Input, User-Selectable | Yes
Sampling Rates and Montage
Library
Automated, Computer-Assisted | Yes Same
or Manual Analysis Sleep
Staging, Respiratory Scoring,
{ PLMs Scoring, Sa0, and Heart
Rate, User-Defined Formats and
Time Scales
[Yes Same Same
*
fY¥es | Same | Same
|
220/240VAC +10%, 50 or 60 Hz
[oeaiegam jue fe fe
Operating System CPU
[Monitor | Colour [Same | Same —
[Printer ColourInkjet_ [Same | Tektronix colour _|
[Keyboard] Yes,andmouse|Same—‘|Same |
[yes | Same | Same
i

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System CS 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Features/Technical Compumedics SensorMedics Nicolet Expert
Information S-Series Sleep 4100 Series Sleep/Wake
ic
System
Optical Drive Disk Disks 80 MB Hard
Disk
[Preamplifiers sp Yes Same | Same
Comparison of Compumedics P-Series Sleep Monitoring System and
SensorMedics 4250 Series
MontorogSyien
Information Monitoring System (SomnoTrac)
yes Same
Monitor Simultaneously
( [Portable Design Sites SSSSSCSCSC~s See
* ee
Data Collection
[Data Analysis | Optional ————~*idpSame
[Report Generation ‘| Optional [Same
“
Analysis and Report Generation
Data Inputs From Existing ECG or
| UltraShield Signal Conditioning [Yes Same
Technology
Data Analysis (Computer or Optional
lconuerssed fee
Comprehensive Report Optional
come fe
imag Pe
Lead Quality
Recording Parameters
Look Forward/Watch Back Yes
py

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Performance Testing
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and other sleep assessment devices are information
managers which display and record data received from routinely-used monitoring devices used to
evaluate sleep and sleep related respiratory disorders. They do not treat or provide therapeutic effect to
the subject administer any energy to the subject, or perform diagnoses of a subject's disorder or
condition, and hence, the devices pose no risk whatsoever to subjects.
In that the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and the predicate devices pose to measurable risk
to the monitored subject, it is our position that the device characteristics delineated in the Substantial
Equivalency Information Tables the functional, material, and related characteristics of the device and
the currently marketed predicates are well and sufficient to permit a determination of comparative
performance.
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and the predicate devices currently marked in the US are
all intended for use with polysomnography for recording of selected physiological parameters
monitored for the evaluation of sleep disorders and sleep-related respiratory disorders.
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is used as an aid in the diagnosis of sleep and respiratory
( related sleep disorders. The use of this sleep monitoring system is to ne under supervision of a
physician, sleep technologist or clinician. The Sleep Monitoring System is an information management
tool so record, display, organise, summarise, redisplay (relative) and generate user-designed reports
based on the subject’s data received from monitoring devices typically used to evaluate sleep and sleep
related respiratory disorders.
The Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake Analysis System User Guide states this system “is intended for the
acquisition, analysis, and reporting of electrophysiological signals. The system is specifically targeted
for the automated analysis of polysomnographic recordings, that is, for the analysis of sleep and
respiration.”
The SensorMedics Series 4000 device offers “clinicians the flexibility of storing and analysing the
sleep record in a variety of forms ... as data received from an Ampstar or other polygraph, it is
digitally encoded on a laser-read optical disk ... a powerful report generator allows text, trends and
graphic reports to be printed with laser printer quality. in user defined formats, or as an Epoch-ByEpoch disclosure." The indications for use of the SensorMedics Series 4000 device include monitoring
and evaluation of respiratory disorders during steep; effectiveness of CPAP treatment; obstructive,
central and mixed sleep apnea; insomnia and narcolepsy evaluation; nocturnal myoclonus; and other
/ disorders of sleep.
The comparison of the predicate devices’ indications, albeit not identical word for word with the
indication claim for the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System, cover both facets of the
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System data acquisition, processing and archiving directly from
electrophysiological recordings of patient activity and from other recording instruments. Therefore,
they support the substantial equivalence of the indications statement for the subject device to those for
the Nicolet and SensorMedics predicate devices.
Physical Characteristics
Referring to the comparison tables, the subject system has the same physical characteristics as the
named predicate devices.
All three Systems monitor and process input from routinely-used monitoring devices for sleep and
sleep related respiratory disorders. Signals from these monitoring devices pass through preamplifiers,
which modify signal strength and filter back ground noise through analog digital (A/D) converters.
Signals am processed and archived using a computer processor and operating system (detail provided
in tables) and displayed on a colour monitor, or printed.

m
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System CS 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Safety Characteristics
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and the other sleep assessment devices are information
managers which display and record data received from routinely-used monitoring devices used to
evaluate sleep and sleep related respiratory disorders. They do not treat or provide therapeutic: effect to
the subject, administer any energy to the subject, or perform diagnoses of a subject's disorder or
condition, and hence, the devices pose no risk whatsoever to subjects. Further, the subject device
conforms to IEC 601.1. and hence, poses no electrical safety risk.
Design
The Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System consists of a computerised system for collecting data
directly from the patient or from independent, and commercially available, monitoring devices, such as
the predicate Nicolet and SensorMedics devices, and for collating, processing and presenting reports of
this data in a variety of user selected formats. The data sources can include bioelectric monitoring (e.g.
EEG, ECG, EOG and EMG), physiological monitoring via transducers (e.g. thermistors, inductance
respiratory bands) and other sources, such as pulse oximetry. As such, the subject device and predicate
devices serve purely as an information gathering and management tool.
As with the predicate devices, the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System consists of a monitoring
( and data processing unit which receives information from external monitoring sources. The Sleep
Monitoring System also has available a portable system (P-Series) providing remote monitoring where
the data can be output to the larger monitoring and processing unit. The SensorMedics 4000 Series also
contains a portable system (4520 Series SomnoTrac) with the same function as the Compumedics PSeries.
Both the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and the SensorMedics 4000 System are capable of
remote sleep surveillance via telephone, and all three systems are capable of remotely setting recording
parameters. Each system operates from standard 110 or 240 VAC power, and contains a 16 bit or 32
bit computer processor and operating system, a colour monitor, a keyboard, a printer, and
preamplifiers. All have substantial data storage capacity using a variety of storage techniques.
As with the predicate Nicolet and SensorMedics devices, the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System
is capable of accepting data from multiple subjects simultaneously and multiple data input channels.
Automated channel calibration is provided. The number of monitoring achievable is limited by the
memory and data storage capabilities of these device types.
The subject device and the predicate Nicolet and SensorMedics devices contain software which include
or facilitate menu-based operations for selection of manual or computer-assisted analysis of data
( (including sleep staging, respiratory event scoring, PLM event scoring, SaO,, and heart rate), input
. calibration with user selected data sampling rates, a Help Menu with Glossary, and user defined report
generation.
Materials
Materials comprising the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and the predicate SensorMedics and
Nicolet devices are substantially equivalent. These devices consist of hard cases of metal and/or
plastics, within which reside integrated circuitry, mechanical and electrical apparatus, and software.
Power Source and Energy Delivered
The subject device and the named predicate devices an operate from standard 110 or 220 volt current
and the portable system has the option of battery powered operation.
Neither the subject device, nor the predicate devices deliver any energy to the subject during operation.

— a_i
Cc
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Are the Descriptive Characteristics Precise Enough to Ensure
Equivalence?
Comparing device characteristics delineated in the Substantial Equivalency Information Tables, the
design, functional, material, and rated characteristics of the subject device and the currently marketed
predicates are well identified, precise, and sufficient to permit a determination of substantial
equivalence.
These and other sleep assessment devices are purely information managers which display and record
data received from routinely used and commercially available polysomnography monitoring devices.
They do not treat or provide therapeutic effect to the subject, administer any energy to the subject, or
perform diagnoses of a subject’s disorder or condition, and hence, the devices pose no risk whatsoever
to the subjects.
In that the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System and the predicate devices pose no measurable risk
to the monitored subject, it is our position that the device characteristics identified in the Substantial
Equivalency Information Tables permit sufficient characterisation and description of the significant
functional and design aspects of the devices, and are adequate to permit a determination of substantial
equivalence.
(

ee ee a
Cc
Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Conclusions from Clinical Performance Data
Clinical test
Clinical testing was performed using a side-by-side comparison of the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring
System and the SensorMedics Series 4000 Sleep System (K915856).
Even though the R&K definitions of sleep stages has been standardised, there is still variability of sleep
stage scoring. The article below describes the expected variability of scoring between two human
scorers.
Several studies have also evaluated agreement in human vs. human scoring. Agreement
between scorers ranged from 88% to 85% according to Gailard and Tissot (2) and Smith et. al.
(3), on the basis of 60 second epochs. Recently Stantus et. al. (7) obtained an 82% reliability
using 20-second epoch definition, and Ferri et. al. (14) found and agreement rate of 91.3%
between two independent readers. Agreement in visual scoring of sleep stages among 10
laboratories in Japan (16) showed values ranging from 67.3% to 75.3% for two healthy
subjects. Inter-reader agreement between different laboratories is broadly similar. Variations
( are based on different time bases and on the number of readers for the validation. The
difference between readers has three major causes: 1) the scoring of slow-wave sleep, which
illustrates the human subjectivity introduced into the rules applied to the threshold of 754V
for delta wave recognition and in the detection of the percentage of delta waves in the epochs;
2) the scoring of stage 1 sleep, which is subject to great variation due to a lack of clearly
characteristic features; and 3) application of “3-minute rules” in the standardized system (17).
Sleep Stage Scoring Using the Neural Network Model: Comparison
Between Visual and Automatic Analysis in Normal Subjects and Patients.
Sleep (1996) 19(1): 26-35
Results
Sleep Staging of manually scored SensorMedics and Compumedics show similar appearance of traces.
Distinguishable features appear in the same relative locations on the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring
System when compared to the SensorMedics Sleep Monitoring System.
It has been noted that some of the traces output on the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System have
the reverse phase (i.e. opposite convention) than when compared to the SensorMedics Sleep
Monitoring System. This difference in polarity does not influence the analysis performed by the
! Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System.
Concordance between manual and manual scoring, and manual and automatic scoring is within the
range specified as being typical between two manual scorers within the article: “Sleep Stage Scoring
Using the Neural Network Model: Comparison Between Visual and Automatic Analysis in Normal
Subjects and Patients.” Sleep (1996) 19(1): 26-35.
It has been shown that the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the
SensorMedics Sleep Monitoring System in the following areas:
¢ Compumedics Manual Analysis and SensorMedics Manual Analysis
¢ Compumedics Automatic Analysis and Compumedics Manual Analysis
* Comparison of random epochs of raw data for visualisation of signal quality
© Comparison of specific events (abnormal respiratory events, EEG arousal and different
sleep stages)
This study shows that the Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the
SensorMedics Sleep Monitoring System.

Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System Cc 510(k) Device Summary K955841
Conclusion
As has been demonstrated by the descriptions and information contained within this document, the
subject Compumedics Sleep Monitoring System is substantially equivalent to the predicate sleep
assessment devices, the Nicolet Expert Sleep/Wake Analysis System and SensorMedics 4000 Series
devices, currently marketed in the United States of America in terms of:

© Intended use and indications

© Method of use

° Effects

@ Modes of operation

e Design

© Materials

¢ Technological characteristics

e Power source

© Safety

(