ey
f DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES Public Health Service
Pe Food and Drug Administration
9200 Corporate Boulevard
JUL 1 2 2001 Rockville MD 20850
H. Michael Yeh, Ph.D.
CEO
Deus Technologies
1700 Research Blvd. Suite 100
Rockville, MD 20850
Re: P000041
RapidScreen™ RS-2000
Filed: October 10, 2000
Amended: December 11, 2000, and January 18, February 8, 12, & 13, March 2, April 30,
May 15 & 21, and June 1, 2001
Dear Dr. Yeh:
The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has completed its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the
RapidScreen™ RS-2000. This device is a computer-aided detection (CAD) system intended to
identify and mark regions of interest (ROIs) on digitized frontal chest radiographs. It identifies
features associated with solitary pulmonary nodules from 9 to 30 mm in size, which could
represent early-stage lung cancer. The device is intended for use as an aid only after the
physician has performed an initial interpretation of the radiograph. We are pleased to inform you
that the PMA is approved subject to the conditions described below and in the "Conditions of
Approval" (enclosed). You may begin commercial distribution of the device upon receipt of this
letter.
The sale, distribution, and use of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with
21 CER 801.109 within the meaning of section 520(e) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (the act) under the authority of section 51 5(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the act. FDA has also determined
that, to ensure the safe and effective use of the device, the device is further restricted within the
meaning of section 520(e) under the authority of section 51 5(d)(1)(B) (ii) insofar as the sale,
distribution, and use must not violate sections 502(q) and (r) of the act. ,
CDRH will notify the public of its decision to approve your PMA by making available a
summary of the safety and effectiveness data upon which the approval is based. The information
can be found on the FDA CDRH Internet HomePage located at
http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/pmapage.html. Written requests for this information can also be made
to the Dockets Management Branch, (HFA-305), Food and Drug Administration, 5630 Fishers
Lane, Rm. 1061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written request should include the PMA number or
docket number. Within 30 days from the date that this information is placed on the Internet, any
interested person may seek review of this decision by requesting an opportunity for
{

Page 2 — Dr. Yeh, Ph.D.
administrative review, either through a hearing or review by an independent advisory committee,
under section 515(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the act).
Failure to comply with the conditions of approval invalidates this approval order. Commercial
distribution of a device that is not in compliance with these conditions is a violation of the act.
You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device,
you must submit an amendment to this PMA submission with copies of all approved labeling in
final printed form. As part of our reengineering effort, the Office of Device Evaluation is
piloting a new process for review of final printed labeling. The labeling will not routinely be
reviewed by FDA staff when PMA applicants include with their submission of the final printed
labeling a cover letter stating that the final printed labeling is identical to the labeling approved
in draft form. If the final printed labeling is not identical, any changes from the final draft
labeling should be highlighted and explained in the amendment. Please see the CDRH Pilot for
Review of Final Printed Labeling document at http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/pmat/pilotpmat.html for
further details. j
All required documents should be submitted in triplicate, unless otherwise specified, to the
address below and should reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.
PMA Document Mail Center (HFZ-401)
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Food and Drug Administration
9200 Corporate Blvd.
Rockville, Maryland 20850
If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Robert J. Doyle at (301)
594-1212.
Sincerely yours,
Nancy C. Brogdon
Director, Division of Reproductive,
Abdominal, and Radiological Devices
Office of Device Evaluation
Center for Devices and Radiological Health ,
Enclosure
, a

Issued: 3-4-98
CONDITIONS OF APPROVAL
APPROVED LABELING. As soon as possible, and before commercial distribution of
your device, submit three copies of an amendment to this PMA submission with
copies of all approved labeling in final printed form to the PMA Document Mail
Center (HFZ-401), Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug
Administration (FDA), 9200 Corporate Blvd., Rockville, Maryland 20850.
ADVERTISEMENT. No advertisement or other descriptive printed material issued
by the applicant or private label distributor with respect to this device :
shall recommend or imply that the device may be used for any use that is not :
included in the FDA approved labeling for the device. If the FDA approval :
order has restricted the sale, distribution and use of the device to
prescription use in accordance with 21 CFR 801.109 and specified that this
restriction is being imposed in accordance with the provisions of section
520(e) of the act under the authority of section 515(d) (1) (B) (ii) of the act,
all advertisements and other descriptive printed material issued by the
applicant or distributor with respect to the device shall include a brief
statement of the intended uses of the device and relevant warnings,
precautions, side effects and contraindications.
PREMARKET APPROVAL APPLICATION (PMA) SUPPLEMENT. Before making any change
affecting the safety or effectiveness of the device, submit a PMA supplement
for review and approval by FDA unless the change is of a type for which a
"Special PMA Supplement-Changes Being Effected" is permitted under 21 CFR
814.39(d) or an alternate submission is permitted in accordance with 21 CFR
814.39(e). A PMA supplement or alternate submission shall comply with
applicable requirements under 21 CFR 814.39 of the final rule for Premarket
Approval of Medical Devices.
All situations which require a PMA supplement cannot be briefly summarized,
please consult the PMA regulation for further guidance. The guidance provided.
below is only for severa¥ key instances.
A PMA supplement must be submitted when unanticipated adverse effects,
increases in the incidence of anticipated adverse effects, or device failures
necessitate a labeling, manufacturing, or device modification.
A PMA supplement must be submitted if the device is to be modified and the
modified device should be subjected to animal or laboratory or clinical
testing designed to determine if the modified device remains safe and
effective.
A “Special PMA Supplement _- Changes Being Effected™ is limited to the
labeling, quality control and manufacturing process changes specified under 21
CFR 814.39(d)(2). It allows for the addition of, but not the replacement of
previously approved, quality control specifications and test methods. These
changes may be implemented before FDA approval upon acknowledgment by FDA that
the submission is being processed as a “Special PMA Supplement - Changes Being
Effected." This acknowledgment is in addition to that issued by the PMA
Document Mail Center for all PMA supplements submitted. This procedure is not
applicable to changes in device design, composition, specifications,
circuitry, software or energy source.
1
3

Alternate submissions permitted under 21 CFR 814.39(e) apply to changes that
otherwise require approval of a PMA supplement before implementation of the
change and include the use of a 30-day PMA supplement or annual postapproval
report. FDA must have previously indicated in an advisory opinion to the
affected industry or in correspondence with the applicant that the alternate
submission is permitted for the change. Before such can occur, FDA and the
PMA applicant(s) involved must agree upon any needed testing protocol, test
results, reporting format, information to be reported, and the alternate
submission to be used.
POSTAPPROVAL REPORTS. Continued approval of this PMA is contingent upon the
submission of postapproval reports required under 21 CFR 814.84 at intervals
of 1 year from the date of approval of the original PMA. Postapproval reports
for supplements approved under the original PMA, if applicable, are to be
included in the next and subsequent annual reports for the original PMA unless
specified otherwise in the approval order for the PMA supplement. Two copies -
identified as "Annual Report" and bearing the applicable PMA reference number
are to be submitted to the PMA Document Mail Center (HFZ-401), Center for
Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug Administration, 9200 Corporate
Blvd., Rockville, Maryland 20850. The postapproval report shall indicate the
beginning and ending date of the period covered by the report and shall
include the following information required by 21 CFR 814.84:
(1) Identification of changes described in 21 CFR 814.39(a) and changes
required to be reported to FDA under 21 CFR 814.39(b).
(2) Bibliography and summary of the following information not previously
submitted as part of the PMA and that is known to or reasonably should be
known to the applicant:

(a) unpublished reports of data from any clinical investigations or

nonclinical laboratory studies involving the device or related devices

("related" devices include devices which are the same or substantially

similar to the applicant's device); and

(b)reports in the scientific literature concerning the device.
If, after reviewing the bibliography and summary, FDA concludes that agency
review of one or more of the above reports is required, the applicant shall
submit two copies of each identified report when so notified by FDA.
ADVERSE REACTION AND DEVICE DEFECT REPORTING. As provided by 21 CFR
814.82(a) (9), FDA has determined that in order to provide continued reasonable
assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device, the applicant shall
submit 3 copies of a written report identified, as applicable, as an “Adverse
Reaction Report" or “Device Defect Report" to the PMA Document Mail Center
(HFZ-401), Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug
Administration, 9200 Corporate Blvd., Rockville, Maryland 20850 within 10
days after the applicant receives or has knowledge of information concerning:
(1)A mix-up of the device or its labeling with another article.
(2)Any adverse reaction, side effect, injury, toxicity, or sensitivity
reaction that is attributable to the device and
(a)has not been addressed by the device's labeling or
(b)has been addressed by the device's labeling, but is occurring with
unexpected severity or frequency.

2

| |

(3)Any significant chemical, physical or other change or deterioration in the
device or any failure of the device to meet the specifications established in
the approved PMA that could not cause or contribute to death or serious injury
but are not correctable by adjustments or other maintenance procedures
described in the approved labeling. The report shall include a discussion of
the applicant's assessment of the change, deterioration or failure and any
proposed or implemented corrective action by the applicant. When such events
are correctable by adjustments or other maintenance procedures described in
the approved labeling, all such events known to the applicant shall be
included in the Annual Report described under “Postapproval Reports™ above
unless specified otherwise in the conditions of approval to this PMA. This
postapproval report shall appropriately categorize these events and include
the number of reported and otherwise known instances of each category during
the reporting period. Additional information regarding the events discussed
above shall be submitted by the applicant when determined by FDA to be .
necessary to provide continued reasonable assurance of the safety and -
effectiveness of the device for its intended use.
REPORTING UNDER THE MEDICAL DEVICE REPORTING (MDR) REGULATION. The Medical
Device Reporting (MDR) Regulation became effective on December 13, 1984. This
regulation was replaced by the reporting requirements of the Safe Medical
Devices Act of 1990 which became effective July 31, 1996 and requires that all
manufacturers and importers of medical devices, including in vitro diagnostic
devices, report to the FDA whenever they receive or otherwise become aware of
information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that a device marketed
by the manufacturer or importer:

{1)May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or

(2)Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the

manufacturer or importer would be likely to cause or contribute to a
death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.

The same events subject to reporting under the MDR Regulation may also be
subject to the above “Adverse Reaction and Device Defect Reporting"

. requirements in the “Conditions of Approval" for this PMA. FDA has determined
that such duplicative reporting is unnecessary. Whenever an event involving a
device is subject to reporting under both the MDR Regulation and the
"Conditions of Approval" for a PMA, the manufacturer shall submit the
appropriate reports required by the MDR Regulation within the time frames as
identified in 21 CFR 803.10(c) using FDA Form 3500A, i.e., 30 days after
becoming aware of a reportable death, serious injury, or malfunction as

eee described in 21 CFR 803.50 and 21 CFR 803.52 and 5 days after becoming aware

that a reportable MDR event requires remedial action to prevent an
unreasonable risk of substantial harm to the public health. The manufacturer
is responsible for submitting a baseline report on FDA Form 3417 for a device
when the device model is first reported under 21 CFR 803.50. This baseline
report is to include the PMA reference number. Any written report and its
envelope is to be specifically identified, e.g., “Manufacturer Report,” “5-Day
Report,” “Baseline Report,” etc. Any written report is to be submitted to:

Food and Drug Administration

Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Medical Device Reporting

PO Box 3002

Rockville, Maryland 20847-3002
Copies of the MDR Regulation (FOD # 336&1336)and FDA publications entitled “An
Overview of the Medical Device Reporting Regulation” (FOD # 509) and “Medical
Device Reporting for Manufacturers” (FOD #987) are available on the CDRH WWW
Home Page. They are also available through CDRH’s Fact-On-Demand (F-O-D) at

3
5

800-899-0381. Written requests for information can be made by sending a
facsimile to CDRH’s Division of Small Manufacturers Assistance (DSMA) at 301-
443-8818.

4