DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH &. HUMAN SERVICES                              Public Health Service


                                                                                Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                9200 Corporate Boulevard
                                                                                                     Rockville MD 20850


                                      JAN 3 1 2002
CABx Medical Systems, Inc.
C/0 Mr. Barry Sall, RAC
Senior Regulatory Consultant
Parexel International Corporation
 195 West Street
Waltham, MA 02451-1163

     Re: P010034
     Second LookTM
      Filed: June 11, 2001
     Amended: July 25, September 10 & 24, October 16, November 13, and
               December 4, 2001
      Procode: 90 MYN


Dear Mr. Sail:

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has completed its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the Second
Look™. The Second Look™ computer-aided detection system for mammography is intended to
identify and mark regions of interest on standard mammographic views to bring them to the
attention ofthe radiologist after the initial reading has been completed. Thus, the system assists
the radiologist in minimizing observational oversights by identifying areas on the original
mammogram that may warrant a second review. We are pleased to• inform you that the PMA is
approved subject to the conditions described below and in the "Conditions ofApproval"
(enclosed). You may begin commercial distribution of the device upon receipt of this letter.

The sale, distribution, and use of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with
21 CFR 801.109 within the meaning of section 520(e) ofthe Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic
Act (the act) under the authority ofsection 515(d)(l )(B)(ii) ofthe act. FDA has also determined
that, to ensure the safe and effective use of the device, the device is further restricted within the
meaning ofsection 520( e) under the authority of section 515(d)(1 )(B)(ii) insofar as the sale,
distribution, and use must not violate sections 502(q) and (r) of the act.

CDRH will notify the public of its decision to approve your PMA by making available a
summary of the safety and effectiveness data upon which the approval is based. The information
can be found on the FDA CDRH Internet HomePage located at
http://www.fda.gov/cdrhlpmapage.html. Written requests for this information can also be made
to the Dockets Management Branch, (HF A-305), Food and Drug Administration, 5630 Fishers
Lane, Rm. 1061, Rockville, MD 20852.

                                                                        I

Page 2 - Mr. Sail

 The written request should include the PMA number or docket number. Within 30 days from the
 date that this information is placed on the Internet, any interested person may seek review ofthis
 decision by requesting an opportunity for administrative review, either through a hearing or
 review by an independent advisory committee, under section 515(g) ofthe Federal Food, Drug,
 and Cosmetic Act (the act).

 Failure to comply with the conditions ofapproval invalidates this approval order. Commercial
 distribution ofa device that is not in compliance with these conditions is a violation ofthe act.

You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device,
you must submit an amendment to this PMA submission with copies ofall approved labeling in
 final printed form. The labeling will not routinely be reviewed by FDA staff when PMA
 applicants include with their submission ofthe final printed labeling a cover letter stating that the
 final printed labeling is identical to the labeling approved in draft form.  If the final printed
 labeling is not identical, any changes from the final draft labeling should be highlighted and
explained in the amendment.

All required documents should be submitted in triplicate, unless otherwise specified, to the
address below and should reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.

         PMA Document Mail Center (HFZ-40 1)
              Center for Devices and Radiological Health
            Food and Drug Administration
            9200 Corporate Blvd.
               Rockville, Maryland 20850

If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Robert J. Doyle at (301)
594-1212.

                                            Sincerely yours,
                 ·-rr.4tMyCr                                    Nancy C. Bfogdon
                                               Director, Division of Reproductive,
                                        Abdominal, and Radiological Devices
                                            Office of Device Evaluation
                                          Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Last modified 8-21-01


 CONDITIONS OF APPROVAL

 APPROVED LABELING. As soon as possible, and before commercial distribution of
 your device, submit three copies of an amendment to this PMA submission with copies of
  all approved labeling in final printed form to the PMA Document Mail Center
 (HFZ-401), Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug Administration
 (FDA), 9200 Corporate Blvd., Rockville, Maryland 20850.

 ADVERTISEMENT. No advertisement or other descriptive printed material issued by
 the applicant or private label distributor with respect to this device shall recommend or
 imply that the device may be used for any use that is not included in the FDA approved
 labeling for the device. Ifthe FDA approval order has restricted the sale, distribution and
 use ofthe device to prescription use in accordance with 21 CFR 801.109 and specified
 that this restriction is being imposed in accordance with the provisions of section 520(e)
 ofthe act under the authority of section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) ofthe act, all advertisements and
 other descriptive printed material issued by the applicant or distributor with respect to the
 device shall include a brief statement of the intended uses ofthe device and relevant
 warnings, precautions, side effects and contraindications.

PREMARKET APPROVAL APPLICATION (PMA) SUPPLEMENT. Before making
 any change affecting the safety or effectiveness ofthe device, submit a PMA supplement
 for review and approval by FDA unless the change is of a type for which a "Special PMA
 Supplement-Changes Being Effected" is permitted under 21 CFR 814.39(d) or an
 alternate submission is permitted in accordance with 21 CFR 814.39(e). A PMA
 supplement or alternate submission shall comply with applicable requirements under 21
CFR 814.39 ofthe final rule for Premarket Approval of Medical Devices.

All situations which require a PMA supplement cannot be briefly summarized, please
consult the PMA regulation for further guidance. The guidance provided below is only
for several key instances.

A PMA supplement must be submitted when unanticipated adverse effects, increases in
the incidence ofanticipated adverse effects, or device failures necessitate a labeling,
manufacturing, or device modification.

A PMA supplement must be submitted if the device is to be modified and the modified
device should be subjected to animal or laboratory or clinical testing designed to
determine ifthe modified device remains safe and effective.

A "Special PMA Supplement- Changes Being Effected 11 is limited to the labeling, quality
control and manufacturing process changes specified under 21 CFR 814.39(d)(2).  It


                                                        3

allows for the addition of, but not the replacement ofpreviously approved, quality control
  specifications and test methods. These changes may be implemented before FDA
  approval upon acknowledgment by FDA that the submission is being processed as a
  "Special PMA Supplement - Changes Being Effected.'' This acknowledgment is in
  addition to that issued by the PMA Document Mail Center for all PMA supplements
  submitted. This procedure is not applicable to changes in device design, composition,
  specifications, circuitry, software or energy source.

  Alternate submissions permitted under 21 CFR 814.39(e) apply to changes that otherwise
  require approval ofa PMA supplement before implementation ofthe change and include
 the use of a 30-day PMA supplement or annual postapproval report. FDA must have
 previously indicated in an advisory opinion to the affected industry or in correspondence
 with the applicant that the alternate submission is permitted for the change. Before such
 can occur, FDA and the PMA applicant(s) involved must agree upon any needed testing
 protocol, test results, reporting format, information to be reported, and the alternate
 submission to be used.

 POSTAPPROV AL REPORTS. Continued approval ofthis PMA is contingent upon the
 submission ofpostapproval reports required under 21 CFR 814.84 at intervals of 1 year
 from the date of approval of the original PMA. Postapproval reports for supplements
 approved under the original PMA, if applicable, are to be included in the next and
 subsequent annual reports for the original PMA unless specified otherwise in the approval
 order for the PMA supplement. Two copies identified as "Annual Report" and bearing
 the applicable PMA reference number are to be submitted to the PMA Document Mail
 Center (HFZ-401), Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug
 Administration, 9200 Corporate Blvd., Rockville, Maryland 20850. The postapproval
 report shall indicate the beginning and ending date of the period covered by the report
 and shall include the following information required by 21 CFR 814.84:

         (!)Identification of changes described in 21 CFR 814.39(a) and changes required
         to be reported to FDA under 21 CFR 814.39(b).

         (2) Bibliography and summary of the following information not previously
       submitted as part of the PMA and that is known to or reasonably should be known
        to the applicant:

               (a)unpublished reports of data from any clinical investigations or
               nonclinicallaboratory studies involving the device or related devices
                ("related" devices include devices which are the same or substantially
                similar to the applicant's device); and

               (b )reports in the scientific literature concerning the device.

If, c:tfter reviewing the bibliography and summary, FDA concludes that agency review of
one or more ofthe above reports is required, the applicant shall submit two copies ofeach


                                                                                     2

identified report when so notified by FDA.

 ADVERSE REACTION AND DEVICE DEFECT REPORTING. As provided by 21
 CFR 814.82(a)(9), FDA has determined that in order to provide continued reasonable
  assurance ofthe safety and effectiveness ofthe device, the applicant shall submit 3 copies
 of a written report identified, as applicable, as an "Adverse Reaction Report" or "Device
 Defect Report" to the PMA Document Mail Center (HFZ-401), Center for Devices and
 Radiological Health, Food and Drug Administration, 9200 Corporate Blvd., Rockville,
 Maryland 20850 within 10 days after the applicant receives or has knowledge of
 information concerning:

        (1)A mix-up ofthe device or its labeling with another article.

       (2)Any adverse reaction, side effect, injury, toxicity, or sensitivity reaction that is
         attributable to the device and

                (a)has not been addressed by the device's labeling or

                (b )has been addressed by the device's labeling, but is occurring with
              unexpected severity or frequency.

       (3)Any significant chemical, physical or other change or deterioration in the
        device or any failure of the device to meet the specifications established in the
       approved PMA that could not cause or contribute to death or serious injury but are
        not correctable by adjustments or other maintenance procedures described in the
       approved labeling. The report shall include a discussion of the applicant's
       assessment ofthe change, deterioration or failure and any proposed or
       implemented corrective action by the applicant. When such events are correctable
       by adjustments or other maintenance procedures described in the approved
         labeling, all such events known to the applicant shall be included in the Annual
       Report described under "Postapproval Reports" above unless specified otherwise
        in the conditions of approval to this PMA. This postapproval report shall
        appropriately categorize these events and include the number ofreported and
       otherwise known instances of each category during the reporting period.
       Additional information regarding the events discussed above shall be submitted
      by the applicant when determined by FDA to be necessary to provide continued
       reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended
        use.

REPORTING UNDER THE MEDICAL DEVICE REPORTING (MDR)
REGULATION. The Medical Device Reporting (MDR) Regulation became effective on
December 13, 1984. This regulation was replaced by the reporting requirements ofthe
Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 which became effective July 31, 1996 and requires
that all manufacturers and importers of medical devices, including in vitro diagnostic
devices, report to the FDA whenever they receive or otherwise become aware of


                                                                                    3                     <

information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that a device marketed by the
 manufacturer or importer:

           (1 )May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or

        (2)Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the
        manufacturer or importer would be likely to cause or contribute to a  death or
         serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.

 The same events subject to reporting under the MDR Regulation may also be subject to
 the above "Adverse Reaction and Device Defect Reporting" requirements in the
 "Conditions of Approval" for this PMA. FDA has determined that such duplicative
 reporting is unnecessary. Whenever an event involving a device is subject to reporting
 under both the MDR Regulation and the "Conditions of Approval" for a PMA, the
 manufacturer shall submit the appropriate reports required by the MDR Regulation within
 the time frames as identified in 21 CFR 803.10(c) using FDA Form 3500A, i.e., 30 days
 after becoming aware of a reportable death, serious injury, or malfunction as described in
 21 CFR 803.50 and 21 CFR 803.52 and 5 days after becoming aware that a reportable
 MDR event requires remedial action to prevent an unreasonable risk of substantial harm
 to the public health. The manufacturer is responsible for submitting a baseline report on
 FDA Form 3417 for a device when the device model is first reported under 21 CFR
 803.50. This baseline report is to include the PMA reference number. Any written report
 and its envelope is to be specifically identified, e.g., "Manufacturer Report," "5-Day
 Report," "Baseline Report," etc.

Any written report is to be submitted to:

      Food and Drug Administration
       Center for Devices and Radiological Health
       Medical Device Reporting
     PO Box 3002
        Rockville, Maryland 20847-3002

Copies ofthe MDR Regulation (FOD # 336&1336)and FDA publications entitled "An
Overview ofthe Medical Device Reporting Regulation" (FOD # 509) and "Medical
Device Reporting for Manufacturers" (FOD #987) are available on the CDRH WWW
Home Page. They are also available through CDRH's Fact-On-Demand (F-0-D) at 800­
899-0381. Written requests for information can be made by sending a facsimile to
CDRH's Division of Small Manufacturers International and Consumer Assistance
(DSMICA) at 301-443-8818.


                                                                                     4