Public Health Service


                                                                           Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                9200 Corporate Boulevard
                       MAR 1 6 2006                                        Rockville MD 20850


Theresa G. Wingrove, Ph.D.
Senior Director, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs
MediSpectra, Inc.
45 Hartwell Avenue
LEXINGTON MA 02421

Re:    P040028
     LUMATM Cervical Imaging System
        Filed:     June 18, 2004
      Amended: July 23, August 5, 6, 13, and 20, and September 10, 2004; January 10 and 26,
               March 7 and 15, June 3, and November I 0, 2005; January I 0,
                 February 6, and February 21, 2006
       Procode: MWM

Dear Dr. Wingrove:

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has completed its review of your prcmarket approval application (PMA) for the LUMATM
Cervical Imaging System. This device is indicated for use as an adjunct to colposcopy for the
identification of high-grade disease (CIN 2, 3+) in women referred to colposcopy with a Pap test
result of atypical squamous cells (ASC), low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL), high­
grade squamous intraepithelial lesion or cancer (HSIL +). We are pleased to inform you that the
PMA is approved. You may begin commercial distribution of the device in accordance with the
conditions described below and in the "Conditions of Approval" (enclosed).

The sale, distribution. and use of this device arc restricted to prescription use in accordance with
21 CFR 801.109 within the meaning of section 520(e) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(the act) under the authority of section 515(d)( I )(13)(ii) of the act. FDA has also determined that, to
ensure the safe and etTective use of the device, the device is further restricted within the meaning of
section 520(e) under the authority of section 51 5( d)( I )(B)(ii), (I) insofar as the labeling specify the
requirements that apply to the training of practitioners who may use the device as approved in this
order and (2) insofar as the sale. distribution. and usc must not violate sections 502(q) and (r) of the
act. CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties, ho\\cvcr. you
should be aware that ~my such warranty statements must be truthfuL accurate. and not misleading.
and must be consistent with applicable Federal and State laws.

In addition to the pnsrapproval requin:mcnts outlined in the cnci~.""~~Urc. in your February~- 2006.
letter. ynu agreed to the follo\\ ing p~Jstapprnval study:


                                                                                                                                                                  •••   i<  '"   -.
                                                                                                                        ;- ~~~~ ~:
                                                          ~ .:,·r:toir!J,;i;
                                                                                                                                                        "'·... :~ ....

                                                                                                                 I

Page 2 - Dr. Wingrove

 I.    You will conduct a postapproval, multi-center, single-arm study (n=950) designed to address
        the relationship ofthe device performance to patient age, patient HPV status, and
       colposcopist experience. At least 15% of the subjects will be 18-21 years of age. The study
      outcome will be the pathology diagnosis of biopsies taken (CrN 2,3+ or not) in relation to the
       phase in which the biopsies were indicated, the initial colposcopy phase or the subsequent
       (incremental) LUMA phase. This study will estimate the detection rate, the false positive
         rate, and the mean incremental increase in the number of biopsies associated with using the
       device adjunctively with colposcopy. The study will also estimate the correlation between
        the probability that a biopsy is positive for CrN 2,3+ and the score given by the device for
        that biopsy (the score is a numerical value corresponding to the color displayed on the image
       rendered by the device). The study will evaluate potential interactions and confounding
        factors that may affect the performance of LUMA. Results from this study will be used to
       update the labeling.

2.     You will submit a study status report to FDA every six months from the date of the PMA
       approval order as well as a final study report within six months of study terrnination
       containing the results ofall the analyses described in the protocol. The postapproval study
        reports should be submitted separately from the PMA annual reports required under
        21 CFR814.84.

CDRH will notify the public of its decision to approve your PMA by making available a summary of
the safety and effectiveness data upon which the approval is based. The information can be found c•n
the FDA CDRH Internet HomePage located at http://www.fda.gov/cdrh/pmapage.html. Written
requests for this information can also be made to the Dockets Management Branch, (HFA-305 ).
Food and Drug Administration, 5630 Fishers Lane, Rm.  I 061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written
request should include the PMA number or docket number. Within 30 days from the date that this
information is placed on the Internet, any interested person may seek review of this decision bv
requesting an opportunity for administrative review, either through a ·hearing or review by an
independent advisory committee, under section 515(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic .-\c:
(the act).

Failure to comply with any postapproval requirement constitutes a ground for withdrawal of
approval ofa PMA. Commercial distribution of a device that is not in compliance with these
conditions is a violation of the act.

You are reminded that_ as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device. -'c'LI
must submit an amendment to this PMA submission "·ith copies of all approved labeling in final
printed form. The labeling will not routinely be reviewed by FDA sta!Twhen PMA applicanb
include with their submission of the final printed labeling a cover letter stating that the final printc,'
labeling is identical to the labeling approved in drati form.  If the final printed labeling is not
identical. any changes fi·om the tina\ drati labeling should be highlighted and c:-cplained in the
amcndn1~nt.

Page 3 - Dr. Wingrove


All required documents should be submitted in triplicate, unless otherwise specified, to the address
below and should reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.

         PMA Document Mail Center (HFZ-40 I)
              Center for Devices and Radiological Health
             Food and Drug Administration
             9200 Corporate Blvd.
               Rockville, Maryland 20850

If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Ms. Michelle Byrne at
(30 I) 594-1 180.

                                                 Sincerely yours,
                    \L0/?~1(A_//A-­
                                         Donna-Bea Tillman, Ph.D., M.P.A.
                                                  Director
                                                 Office of Device Evaluation
                                              Center for Devices and Radiological Devices


 Enclosure

Last Modified: 1-31-02

               CONDITIONS OF APPROVAL

PRE MARKET APPROVAL APPLICATION (PMA) SUPPLEMENT. Before making any
change affecting the safety or effectiveness of the device, submit a PMA supplement for review
and approval by FDA unless the change is of a type for which a "Special PMA
Supplement-Changes Being Effected" is permitted under 21 CFR 814.39(d) or an alternate
submission is permitted in accordance with 21 CFR 814.39(e) or (f). A PMA supplement or
alternate submission shall comply with applicable requirements under 21 CFR 8\4.39 of the final
rule for Premarket Approval of Medical Devices.

All situations that require a PMA supplement cannot be briefly summarized; therefore, please
consult the PMA regulation for further guidance. The guidance provided below is only for
several key instances.

A PMA supplement must be submitted when unanticipated adverse effects, increases in the
incidence of anticipated adverse effects. or device failures necessitate a labeling. manufacturing.
or device modification.

A PMA supplement must be submitted if the device is to be modi lied and the modilied device
should be subjected to animal or laboratory or clinical testing designed to determine if the
modified device remains safe and eftcetive.

A "Special PMA Supplement- Changes Bein!.! Eftcctcd" is limited to the labeling, quality control
and manufacturing process changes specified under 21 CFR 814.39(d)(2).   It allows for the
addition oL but not the replacement of previously approved, quality control specifications and
test methods. These changes may be implemented before fDA approval upon acknowledgment
by FDA that the submission is being processed as a "Special PMA Supplement- Changes Being
Etlcctcd." This procedure is not applicable to changes in device design, composition.
specifications, circuitry. software or energy source.

Alternate submissions permitted under 21 CFR 814.39(e) apply to changes that otherwise require
approval of a PMA supplement before implementation of the change and include the use of a
30-day PMA supplement or annual postappros1l report (see below). FDA must have previoush
indicated in an advisory opinion to the affected industry or in correspondence with the applicant
that the alternate submission is permitted f(,r the change.  Bcl(1re such can occur. FDA and the
PMA applieant(s) imolved must agree upon am needed testing protocoL test results. reporting
formaL ini'onnation to be reported, and the alkrnate submission to be used.

Alternate submissions permitted under 21  ( TR XI ··U'i( I) l(\r manulc1eturing process changes
include the' usc of a _10-day Notice. The manui:Jcturcr mav distrihuk the Jcv ie·c ~() davs alter the·
date on \\hich the 1·1),\ receives the :10-cbv i'\otJcc. unless the FD,\ notifies the applicant" ithin
30 da:.-; from reccipl ~)fthc notice that  tilL' nuticc is nnt adequate.


                                                                                                      't

POST APPROVAL REPORTS. Continued approval of this PMA is contingent upon the
submission of postapproval reports required under 21 CFR 814.84 at intervals of I year from the
date of approval of the original PMA. Postapproval reports for supplements approved under the
original PMA, if applicable, are to be included in the next and subsequent annual reports for the
original PMA unless specified otherwise in the approval order for the PMA supplement. Two
copies identified as "Annual Report" and bearing the applicable PMA reference number are to be
submitted to the PMA Document Mail Center (HFZ-40 I), Center for Devices and Radiological
Health, Food and Drug Administration, 9200 Corporate Blvd., Rockville, Maryland 20850. The
postapproval report shall indicate the beginning and ending date of the period covered by the
report and shall include the following information required by 21 CFR 814.84:

            I.     Identification of changes described in 21 CFR 814.39(a) and changes required to be
              reported to FDA under 21 CFR 814.39(b).

          2.    Bibliography and summary of the following information not previously submitted
              as part of the PMA and that is known to or reasonably should be known to the
              applicant:

                   a. unpublished reports of data from any clinical investigations or nonclinical
                 laboratory studies involving the device or related devices ("related" devices
                 include devices which are the same or substantially similar to the applicant's
                 device): and

                  b.  reports in the scientific literature concerning the device.

 If, after reviewing the bibliography and summary. FDA concludes that agency review of one or
more of the above reports is required. the applicant shall submit two copies of each identitied
report when so notified by FDA

ADVERSE REACTION AND DEVICE DEFECT Rl•:I'ORTING. As provided by 21 CFR
814.82(a)(9), FDA has determined that in order to provide continued reasonable assurance of the
safety and effectiveness of the device. the applicant shall submit 3 copies of a written report
identified. as applicable, as an "Adverse Reaction Report" or "Device Defect Report" to the PM/\
Document Mail Center (HFZ-401 ). Center for Devices and Radiological Health. Food and Drug
Administration. 9200 Corporate 11lvd.. Rockville. Maryland 20850 within I 0 days after the
applicant rccciv·cs or has knowledge of information concerning:

        I.    i\ mix-up of the dL·vicc or its labeling with another article.

      ~   Any ach ersc reaction. side cffi:ct. injury. toxicity. or sensitivity reaction that is
          attributable to thc dL·v·ice and:

             a.   has not been addressed by the tk\·Jcc\ labeling: or

             b.   has been addressed hv the dcv·icc's labeling hut is occurring "ith unexpcctcd
              scYcrity or frequency.


                                    page~

3.  Any significant chemical, physical or other change or deterioration in the device, or any
          failure of the device to meet the specifications established in the approved PMA that
        could not cause or contribute to death or serious injury but are not correctable by
        adjustments or other maintenance procedures described in the approved labeling. The
         report shall include a discussion of the applicant's assessment of the change,
         deterioration or failure and any proposed or implemented corrective action by the
         applicant. When such events are correctable by adjustments or other maintenance
        procedures described in the approved labeling, all such events known to the applicant
          shall be included in the Annual Report described under "Postapproval Reports" above
         unless specified otherwise in the conditions of approval to this PMA. This postapproval
         report shall appropriately categorize these events and include the number of reported
        and otherwise known instances of each category during the reporting period. Additional
        information regarding the events discussed above shall be submitted by the applicant
       when determined by FDA to be necessary to provide continued reasonable assurance of
         the safety and effectiveness of the device for its intended use.

REPORTING UNDER THE MEDICAL DEVICE REPORTING (MDR) REGULATION.
The Medical Device Reporting (MDR) Regulation became effective on December 13. 1984.
This regulation was replaced by the reporting requirements of the Safe Medical Devices Act of
1990 which became effective July 31, 1996 and requires that all manufacturers and importers of
medical devices, including in vitro diagnostic devices, report to the FDA whenever they receive
or otherwise become aware of information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that a
device marketed by the manufacturer or imporkr:

           1.   May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury: or

         2.    Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the
            manufacturer or importer would he likely to cause or contribute to a death or
              serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.

The same events subject to reporting under the MDR Regulation may also be subject to the
above "Adverse Reaction and Device Defect Reporting" requirements in the "Conditions of
Approval" for this PMA. FDA has determined that such duplicative reporting is unnecessary.
Whenever an event involving a device is subject to reporting under both the MDR Regulation
and the "Conditions of Approval" for a I'M A. the manufacturer shall submit the appropriate
reports required b\ the MDR Regulation 1\ithin the time ti·ames as identilied in 21 CFR
803.1 O(e) using FD.\ Form 3500A. i.e .. 30 days a tier becoming aware of a rcportabk death.
serious injurv, or malfunction as described in~ I CFR 80:1.50 and  :Z I CFR 803.52 and 5 da\s
after becoming a11 are that a reportable MDR e1·cnt requires remedial action to prc\ent an
unreasonable risk ol· substantial harm to the public health. The manuLrcturcr is responsible 1(1r
submitting a baseline report on FDA l·onn 1-t 17 len a de1·ice when the de1 icc model is lirst
reported under 21 CFR 803.50.   I his baseline report is to include the I'M:\ reference number.
Any 11ritten report and its en1·clope is to he spccilic;rll) identified. e.g .. ··rvtanubcturer Report. ..
"5-Dcl\ Report. .. "llcrsc'iinc Report." etc.


                                       page  -~

Any written report is to be submitted to:

      Food and Drug Administration
       Center for Devices and Radiological Health
       Medical Device Reporting
     PO Box 3002
       Rockville, Maryland 20847-3002

Copies of the MDR Regulation (FOD # 336& 1336) and FDA publications entitled "An
Overview ofthe Medical Device Reporting Regulation" (FOD # 509) and "Medical Device
Reporting for Manufacturers" (FOD #987) are available on the CDRH WWW Home Page. They
are also available through CDRH's Fact-On-Demand (F-0-D) at 800-899-0381.  Written
requests for information can be made by sending a facsimile to CDRH's Division of Small
Manufacturers International and Consumer Assistance (DSMICA) at 301-443-8818.


                                       page 4
                                                        7