set,
: Wa DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES Public Health Service
ae Document Control Center - WO66-G609
Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002
Dune Medical Devices, Incorporated
% Hogan Lovells US, LLP
Ms. Janice Hogan
1835 Market Street, 29th Floor DEC 27 wR
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
Re: P110014
MarginProbe System
Filed: April 4, 2011
Amended: May 4, May 16, May 17, May 26, May 27, May 26, July 7, July 15, August 16,
August 26, September 30, October 3, October 21, November 2, November 16,
December 16, 2011; January 12, January 13, January 26, January 31, February 3,
February 14, February 17, February 21, February 27, February 28, March 5,
March 14, March 23, April 11, April 16, May 3, May 18, May 29, September 4,
September 12, October 23, and December 26, 2012
Procode: OEE
Dear Ms. Hogan:
The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has completed its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the
MarginProbe System. This device is an adjunctive diagnostic tool for identification of cancerous
tissue at the margins (< Imm) of the main ex-vivo lumpectomy specimen following primary
excision and is indicated for intraoperative use, in conjunction with standard methods (such as
intraoperative imaging and palpation) in patients undergoing breast lumpectomy surgery for
previously diagnosed breast cancer. We are pleased to inform you that the PMA is approved.
You may begin commercial distribution of the device in accordance with the conditions of
approval described below.
The sale and distribution of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with 21
CFR 801.109 and under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(the act). The device is further restricted under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the act insofar as the
labeling must specify the specific training or experience practitioners need in order to use the
device. FDA has determined that these restrictions on sale and distribution are necessary to
provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device. Your device is
therefore a restricted device subject to the requirements in sections 502(q) and (r) of the act, in
addition to the many other FDA requirements governing the manufacture, distribution, and
marketing of devices.
Expiration dating for this device has been established and approved at 3 years.

Page 2 — Ms. Janice Hogan

Continued approval of this PMA is contingent upon the submission of periodic reports, required
under 21 CFR 814.84, at intervals of one year (unless otherwise specified) from the date of
approval of the original PMA. Two copies of this report, identified as "Annual Report" and
bearing the applicable PMA reference number, should be submitted to the address below. The
Annual Report should indicate the beginning and ending date of the period covered by the report
and should include the information required by 21 CFR 814.84.

In addition to the above, and in order to provide continued reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the device, the Annual Report must include, separately for each model number
(if applicable), the number of devices sold and distributed during the reporting period, including
those distributed to distributors. The distribution data will serve as a denominator and provide
necessary context for FDA to ascertain the frequency and prevalence of adverse events, as FDA
evaluates the continued safety and effectiveness of the device.

In addition to the Annual Report requirements, you must conduct a post-approval study as
described below:

MarginProbe System U.S. Post-Market Study: This study will be conducted as per agreement
dated December 20, 2012 (teleconference/email). The purpose of the study is to determine the
MarginProbe’s diagnostic accuracy at the margin level and impact on the Positive Margin
Presence originating from the main specimen after the first lumpectomy surgery. These questions
will be addressed in a prospective, multicenter, randomized, double arm study. A total of 440
newly enrolled patients treated in a total of 10-20 centers in the United States. The study
participants will be followed for 6 months. The co-primary effectiveness endpoint include 1)
diagnostic accuracy (sensitivity and specificity) at the margin level with a pre-specified
clinically meaningful minimum margin level sensitivity and specificity 2) Positive Margin
Presence originating from the main specimen after the first lumpectomy surgery. The secondary
endpoints include the rate of additional operations (re-excision and re-operation), cosmesis,
positive margin presence on the outermost shaving after the first lumpectomy surgery and
diagnostic accuracy at the patient level. For safety, all adverse events will be monitored until the
patient’s follow-up for the study is completed.

Within 30 days of your receipt of this letter, you must submit two (2) PMA supplements that
include the complete protocols of each of your post-approval studies. Your PMA supplements
should be clearly labeled as a "Post-Approval Study Protocol" and submitted in triplicate to the
address below. Please reference the PMA number above to facilitate processing. If there are
multiple protocols being finalized after PMA approval, please submit each protocol as a separate
PMA supplement.

Please be advised that the results from these studies should be included in the labeling as these
data become available. Any updated labeling must be submitted to FDA in the form of a PMA
Supplement.

Page 3 — Ms. Janice Hogan
FDA would like to remind you that you are required to submit separate PAS Progress
Reports for each of the Post-approval studies listed above, every six (6) months during early
stages of the study implementation up to two (2) years and annually thereafter. The reports
should clearly be identified as Post-Approval Study Report. Two (2) copies for each study,
identified as "PMA Post-Approval Study Report" and bearing the applicable PMA reference
number, should be submitted to the address below. For more information on post-approval
studies, see the FDA guidance document entitled, "Procedures for Handling Post-Approval
Studies Imposed by PMA Order"
(www. fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocuments/ucm07097
4.htm#2).
Be advised that the failure to conduct any such study in compliance with the good clinical
laboratory practices in 21 CFR part 58 (if a non-clinical study subject to part 58) or the
institutional review board regulations in 21 CFR part 56 and the informed consent regulations in
21 CFR part 50 (if a clinical study involving human subjects) may be grounds for FDA
withdrawal of approval of the PMA.
Before making any change affecting the safety or effectiveness of the device, you must submit a
PMA supplement or an alternate submission (30-day notice) in accordance with 21 CFR 814.39.
All PMA supplements and alternate submissions (30-day notice) must comply with the
applicable requirements in 21 CFR 814.39. For more information, please refer to the FDA
guidance document entitled, "Modifications to Devices Subject to Premarket Approval (PMA) -
The PMA Supplement Decision-Making Process"
(www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocuments/ucm08927
4.htm).
You are reminded that many FDA requirements govern the manufacture, distribution, and
marketing of devices. For example, in accordance with the Medical Device Reporting (MDR)
regulation, 21 CFR 803.50 and 21 CFR 803.52, you are required to report adverse events for this
device. Manufacturers of medical devices, including in vitro diagnostic devices, are required to
report to FDA no later than 30 calendar days after the day they receive or otherwise becomes
aware of information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that one of their marketed
devices:
1. May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or
2. Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the manufacturer would be
likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.
Additional information on MDR, including how, when, and where to report, is available at
www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

Page 4 — Ms. Janice Hogan
In accordance with the recall requirements specified in 21 CFR 806.10, you are required to
submit a written report to FDA of any correction or removal of this device initiated by you to:
(1) reduce a risk to health posed by the device; or (2) remedy a violation of the act caused by the
device which may present a risk to health, with certain exceptions specified in 21 CFR
806.10(a)(2). Additional information on recalls is available at
www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/IndustryGuidance/default.htm.
CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you;
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading. CDRH will notify the public
of its decision to approve your PMA by making available, among other information, a summary
of the safety and effectiveness data upon which the approval is based. The information can be
found on the FDA CDRH Internet HomePage located at
www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ProductsandMedicalProcedures/DeviceApprovalsandClearances/
PMAApprovals/default.htm. Written requests for this information can also be made to the Food
and Drug Administration, Dockets Management Branch, (HFA-305), 5630 Fishers Lane, Rm.
1061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written request should include the PMA number or docket
number.
Failure to comply with any post-approval requirement constitutes a ground for withdrawal of
approval of a PMA. The introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of a
device that is not in compliance with its conditions of approval is a violation of law.
You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device,
you must submit an amendment to this PMA submission with copies of all approved labeling in
final printed form. Final printed labeling that is identical to the labeling approved in draft form
will not routinely be reviewed by FDA staff when accompanied by a cover letter stating that the
final printed labeling is identical to the labeling approved in draft form. If the final printed
labeling is not identical, any changes from the final draft labeling should be highlighted and
explained in the amendment.
All required documents should be submitted in 6 copies, unless otherwise specified, to the
address below and should reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing

U.S. Food and Drug Administration

Center for Devices and Radiological Health

PMA Document Mail Center — WO66-G609

10903 New Hampshire Avenue

Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

Page 5 — Ms. Janice Hogan
If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Long Chen, Ph.D. at
301-796-6389.

Sincerely yours,

Robert R. Gatling

Christy Foreman

Director

Office of Device Evaluation

Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Food and Drug Administration