DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                                     Public Health Service


                                                                                             Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                              10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                          Document Control Center – WO66-G609
                                                                                                                        Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002


Mr. Robert M. Foley                                           November 9, 2016
QView Medical, Inc.
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs
 and Quality Assurance
4546 El Camino Real, Suite 215
LOS ALTOS CA 94022

Re: P150043
  QVCAD System
     Filed: November 24, 2015
   Amended: March 16, 2016 and August 15, 2016
    Procode: MYN

Dear Mr. Foley:

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has completed its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the QVCAD
System. The QVCAD System is indicated for use as an aid to the reader during screening
procedures in searching images of female breasts produced by the somo.v Automated Breast
Ultrasound System (screening mammography BI- RADS® Assessment Category 1 or 2, and BIRADS Composition/Density c or d) to detect mammography-occult lesions in regions not known
to have suspicious findings. The indicators produced by the QVCAD System are not intended to
be used for diagnostic characterization of suspicious findings. We are pleased to inform you that
the PMA is approved. You may begin commercial distribution of the device in accordance with
the conditions of approval described below.

The sale and distribution of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with 21
CFR 801.109 and under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(the act). The device is further restricted under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the act insofar as the
labeling must specify the specific training or experience practitioners need in order to use the
device. FDA has determined that these restrictions on sale and distribution are necessary to
provide reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device. Your device is
therefore a restricted device subject to the requirements in sections 502(q) and (r) of the act, in
addition to the many other FDA requirements governing the manufacture, distribution, and
marketing of devices.

Continued approval of this PMA is contingent upon the submission of periodic reports, required
under 21 CFR 814.84, at intervals of one year (unless otherwise specified) from the date of
approval of the original PMA. Two copies of this report, identified as "Annual Report" and
bearing the applicable PMA reference number, should be submitted to the address below. The
Annual Report should indicate the beginning and ending date of the period covered by the report

Page 2 – Mr. Robert M. Foley


and should include the information required by 21 CFR 814.84. This is a reminder that as of
September 24, 2014, class III devices are subject to certain provisions of the final UDI rule.
These provisions include the requirement to provide a UDI on the device label and packages (21
CFR 801.20), format dates on the device label in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18, and submit
data to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR 830 Subpart E).
Additionally, 21 CFR 814.84 (b)(4) requires PMA annual reports submitted after September 24,
2014, to identify each device identifier currently in use for the subject device, and the device
identifiers for devices that have been discontinued since the previous periodic report.  It is not
necessary to identify any device identifier discontinued prior to December 23, 2013. For more
information on these requirements, please see the UDI website, http://www.fda.gov/udi.

In addition to the above, and in order to provide continued reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the device, the Annual Report must include, separately for each model number
(if applicable), the number of devices sold and distributed during the reporting period, including
those distributed to distributors. The distribution data will serve as a denominator and provide
necessary context for FDA to ascertain the frequency and prevalence of adverse events, as FDA
evaluates the continued safety and effectiveness of the device.

Before making any change affecting the safety or effectiveness of the device, you must submit a
PMA supplement or an alternate submission (30-day notice) in accordance with 21 CFR 814.39.
All PMA supplements and alternate submissions (30-day notice) must comply with the
applicable requirements in 21 CFR 814.39. For more information, please refer to the FDA
guidance document entitled, "Modifications to Devices Subject to Premarket Approval (PMA) -
The PMA Supplement Decision-Making Process"
(www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocuments/ucm089274
.htm).

You are reminded that many FDA requirements govern the manufacture, distribution, and
marketing of devices. For example, in accordance with the Medical Device Reporting (MDR)
regulation, 21 CFR 803.50 and 21 CFR 803.52, you are required to report adverse events for this
device. Manufacturers of medical devices, including in vitro diagnostic devices, are required to
report to FDA no later than 30 calendar days after the day they receive or otherwise becomes
aware of information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that one of their marketed
devices:

1.    May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or

2.    Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the manufacturer
      would be likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were
        to recur.

Additional information on MDR, including how, when, and where to report, is available at
www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

Page 3 – Mr. Robert M. Foley


In accordance with the recall requirements specified in 21 CFR 806.10, you are required to
submit a written report to FDA of any correction or removal of this device initiated by you to:
(1) reduce a risk to health posed by the device; or (2) remedy a violation of the act caused by the
device which may present a risk to health, with certain exceptions specified in 21 CFR
806.10(a)(2). Additional information on recalls is available at
www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/IndustryGuidance/default.htm.

CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you;
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading. CDRH will notify the public
of its decision to approve your PMA by making available, among other information, a summary
of the safety and effectiveness data upon which the approval is based. The information can be
found on the FDA CDRH Internet HomePage located at
www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ProductsandMedicalProcedures/DeviceApprovalsandClearances/
PMAApprovals/default.htm. Written requests for this information can also be made to the Food
and Drug Administration, Dockets Management Branch, (HFA-305), 5630 Fishers Lane, Rm.
1061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written request should include the PMA number or docket
number. Within 30 days from the date that this information is placed on the Internet, any
interested person may seek review of this decision by submitting a petition for review under
section 515(g) of the act and requesting either a hearing or review by an independent advisory
committee. FDA may, for good cause, extend this 30-day filing period.

Failure to comply with any post-approval requirement constitutes a ground for withdrawal of
approval of a PMA. The introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of a
device that is not in compliance with its conditions of approval is a violation of law.

You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device,
you must submit an amendment to this PMA submission with copies of all final labeling. Final
labeling that is identical to the labeling approved in draft form will not routinely be reviewed by
FDA staff when accompanied by a cover letter stating that the final labeling is identical to the
labeling approved in draft form.  If the final labeling is not identical, any changes from the final
draft labeling should be highlighted and explained in the amendment.

All required documents should be submitted in 6 copies, unless otherwise specified, to the
address below and should reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.

              U.S. Food and Drug Administration
              Center for Devices and Radiological Health
        PMA Document Control Center – WO66-G609
            10903 New Hampshire Avenue
               Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

Page 4 – Mr. Robert M. Foley


If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Alex Cadotte at
(240) 402-4871 or alex.cadotte@fda.hhs.gov.

                                           Sincerely yours,


                                        Robert Ochs, Ph.D.
                                           Director
                                          Division of Radiological Health
                                          Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                       and Radiological Health
                                         Center for Devices and Radiological Health