DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                  Public Health Service


                                                                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                          10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                        Document Control Center - WO66-G609
                                                                                                               Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

                           June 28, 2017

Scibase Ab
℅ Terry Sheridan Powell
Senior Project Manager
M Squared Associates, Inc.
575 Eighth Avenue, Suite 1212
New York, New York 10018

Re: P150046
    Trade/Device Name:  Nevisense
     Filed:  January 7, 2016
    Amended:  January 20, 2016, January 28, 2016, February 12, 2016, October 3, 2016, March
                 31, 2017, April 10, 2017
    Product Code: ONV

Dear Terry Sheridan Powell:

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) has completed  its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the
Nevisense. This device is indicated for use on cutaneous lesions with one or more clinical or
historical characteristics of melanoma, when a dermatologist chooses to obtain additional
information when considering biopsy. Nevisense should not be used on clinically obvious
melanoma. The Nevisense result is one element of the overall clinical assessment. The output of
Nevisense should be used in combination with clinical and historical signs of melanoma to
obtain additional information  prior to a decision to biopsy.

       Nevisense is indicated only for use on:

            primary skin lesions with a diameter between 2 mm and 20 mm;
             lesions that are accessible by the Nevisense probe;

             lesions where the skin is intact (i.e., non-ulcerated or non-bleeding  lesions);
             lesions that do not contain a scar or fibrosis consistent with previous trauma;

             lesions not located in areas of psoriasis, eczema, acute sunburn, or similar skin
                conditions;

             lesions not in hair-covered areas;
             lesions which do not contain foreign matter;

Page 2 - Terry Sheridan Powell                                               P150046


             lesions not on special anatomic sites (i.e., not for use on acral skin, genitalia, eyes,
             mucosal areas).

We are pleased to inform you that the PMA is approved. You may begin commercial distribution
of the device in accordance with the conditions  of approval described below.

The sale and distribution of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with 21
CFR 801.109 and under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act
(the act). FDA has determined that this restriction on sale and distribution  is necessary to provide
reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the device. Your device is therefore a
restricted device subject to the requirements in sections 502(q) and (r) of the act, in addition to
the many other FDA requirements governing the manufacture, distribution, and marketing of
devices.

Expiration dating for this device has been established and approved at one year for the SciBase
Nevisense electrodes. This is to advise you that the protocol you used to establish this expiration
dating is considered an approved protocol for the purpose of extending the expiration dating as
provided by 21 CFR 814.39(a)(7).

Continued approval of the PMA is contingent upon the submission of periodic reports, required
under 21 CFR 814.84, at intervals of one year (unless otherwise specified) from the date of
approval of the original PMA. Two copies of this report, identified as "Annual Report" and
bearing the applicable PMA reference number, should be submitted to the address below. The
Annual Report should indicate the beginning and ending date of the period covered by the report
and should include the information required by 21 CFR 814.84. This is a reminder that as of
September 24, 2014, class III devices are subject to certain provisions of the final UDI rule.
These provisions include the requirement to provide a UDI on the device label and packages (21
CFR 801.20), format dates on the device label in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18, and submit
data to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR 830 Subpart E).
Additionally, 21 CFR 814.84 (b)(4) requires PMA annual reports submitted after September 24,
2014, to identify each device identifier currently in use for the subject device, and the device
identifiers for devices that have been discontinued since the previous periodic report. It is not
necessary to identify any device identifier discontinued prior to December 23, 2013. For more
information on these requirements, please see the UDI website, http://www.fda.gov/udi.

In addition to the above, and in order to provide continued reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the PMA device, the Annual Report must include, separately for each model
number (if applicable), the number of devices sold and distributed during the reporting period,
including those distributed to distributors. The distribution data will serve as a denominator and
provide necessary context for FDA to ascertain the frequency and prevalence of adverse events,
as FDA evaluates the continued safety and effectiveness of the device.

Before making any change affecting the safety or effectiveness of the PMA device, you must
submit a PMA supplement or an alternate submission (30-day notice) in accordance with 21 CFR
814.39. All PMA supplements and alternate submissions (30-day notice) must comply with the
applicable requirements in 21 CFR 814.39. For more information, please refer to the FDA

Page 3 - Terry Sheridan Powell                                               P150046


guidance document entitled, "Modifications to Devices Subject to Premarket Approval (PMA) -
The PMA Supplement Decision-Making Process"
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/GuidanceDocuments/ucm0
89274.htm.

You are reminded that many FDA requirements govern the manufacture, distribution, and
marketing of devices. For example, in accordance with the Medical Device Reporting (MDR)
regulation, 21 CFR 803.50 and 21 CFR 803.52, you are required to report adverse events for this
device. Manufacturers of medical devices, including  in vitro diagnostic devices, are required to
report to FDA no later than 30 calendar days after the day they receive or otherwise becomes
aware of information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that one of their marketed
devices:

1. May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or

2.  Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the manufacturer would be
     likely to cause or contribute to a death or serious injury  if the malfunction were to recur.

Additional information on MDR, including how, when, and where to report, is available at
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

In accordance with the recall requirements specified in 21 CFR 806.10, you are required to
submit a written report to FDA of any correction or removal of this device initiated by you to:
(1) reduce a risk to health posed by the device; or (2) remedy a violation of the act caused by the
device which may present a risk to health, with certain exceptions specified in 21 CFR
806.10(a)(2). Additional information on recalls is available at
http://www.fda.gov/Safety/Recalls/IndustryGuidance/default.htm.

CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you;
however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading. CDRH will notify the public
of its decision to approve your PMA by making available, among other information, a summary
of the safety and effectiveness data upon which the approval is based. The information can be
found on the FDA CDRH Internet HomePage located at
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ProductsandMedicalProcedures/DeviceApprovalsandCleara
nces/PMAApprovals/default.htm. Written requests for this information can also be made to the
Food and Drug Administration, Dockets Management Branch, (HFA-305), 5630 Fishers Lane,
Rm. 1061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written request should include the PMA number or
docket number. Within 30 days from the date that this information  is placed on the Internet, any
interested person may seek review of this decision by submitting a petition for review under
section 515(g) of the act and requesting either a hearing or review by an independent advisory
committee. FDA may, for good cause, extend this 30-day filing period.

Failure to comply with any post-approval requirement constitutes a ground for withdrawal of
approval of a PMA. The introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of a
device that is not in compliance with its conditions  of approval is a violation of law.

Page 4 - Terry Sheridan Powell                                               P150046


You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device,
you must submit an amendment to this PMA submission with copies of all final labeling. Final
labeling that is identical to the labeling approved in draft form will not routinely be reviewed by
FDA staff when accompanied by a cover letter stating that the final labeling  is identical to the
labeling approved in draft form. If the final labeling  is not identical, any changes from the final
draft labeling should be highlighted and explained in the amendment.

All required documents should be submitted in 6 copies, unless otherwise specified, to the
address below and should reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.

       U.S. Food and Drug Administration
       Center for Devices and Radiological Health
    PMA Document Control Center - WO66-G609
      10903 New Hampshire Avenue
        Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Jitendra Virani at 301-
796-6398 or Jitendra.Virani@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                   Sincerely,
                              Jennifer R. Stevenson -S3

                                        For Binita S. Ashar, M.D., M.B.A., F.A.C.S.
                                                Director
                                                 Division of Surgical Devices
                                               Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health