January 11, 2021
Seno Medical Instruments, Inc.
Mrs. Ann Waterhouse
Vice President, Quality Assurance
 and Regulatory Affairs
8023 Vantage Drive, Suite 1000
SAN ANTONIO, TX 78230


Re: P200003
    Trade/Device Name: Imagio® Breast Imaging System
    Product Code: QNK
     Filed:  January 31, 2020
    Amended:  April 1, 2020 and October 13, 2020

Dear Mrs. Waterhouse:

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has
completed its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the Imagio® Breast Imaging
System. This device is indicated for use by a trained and qualified healthcare provider for evaluation of
palpable and non-palpable breast abnormalities  in adult patients who are referred for a diagnostic imaging
breast work-up, following  clinical presentation or either screening or diagnostic mammography or other
imaging examinations. The ultrasound mode should be initially used in a targeted fashion, to assess any focal
area(s) of clinical or imaging concerns. In ultrasound mode, the device can be used to assign a BI-RADS
category to either breast tissue or a mass that is causing clinical or imaging concerns. Masses that are
classified as BI-RADS categories 3 through 5 can then be assessed using the Opto-Acoustic (OA) mode. In
the OA mode, the Imagio® Breast Imaging System provides information about the central nidus, boundary
and peripheral zones, based on vascularity and blood oxygen saturation of the imaged tissues, to assist in the
diagnosis of the benign or malignant mass(es) of interest. For ultrasound BI-RADS 3-5 masses, using the OA
features of the mass allows for improved classification of the mass of interest as compared to ultrasound
alone. The OA mode is not indicated for ultrasound BI- RADS 1 and 2 findings. The Imagio® Breast
Imaging System includes an artificial intelligence (AI) based software function to assist the users in
assessing BI-RADS classifications. This device is not intended to be used as a replacement for
mammographic screening or for definitive pathologic diagnosis. We are pleased to inform you that the PMA
is approved. You may begin commercial distribution of the device in accordance with the conditions of
approval described below. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
approved products may instead be combination products. The Premarket Approval Database located at
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfPMA/pma.cfm  identifies combination product
submissions.

The sale and distribution of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with 21 CFR 801.109
and under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the act). The device is


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New HampshireAvenue                                                              D o c I D # 0 4 0 17 .04 .2 1
Silv er Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

P200003 – Mrs. Ann Waterhouse                                                       Page 2


further restricted under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the act insofar as the labeling must specify the specific
training or experience practitioners need in order to use the device. FDA has determined that these
restrictions on sale and distribution are necessary to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the device. Your device is therefore a restricted device subject to the requirements in
sections 502(q) and (r) of the act, in addition to the many other FDA requirements governing the
manufacture, distribution, and marketing of devices.

Continued approval of the PMA is contingent upon the submission of periodic reports, required under 21
CFR 814.84, at intervals of one year (unless otherwise specified) from the date of approval of the original
PMA. This report, identified as "Annual Report" and bearing the applicable PMA reference number, should
be submitted to the address below. The Annual Report should indicate the beginning and ending date of the
period covered by the report and should include the information required by 21 CFR 814.84.

In addition to the above, and in order to provide continued reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the PMA device, the Annual Report must include, separately for each model number (if
applicable), the number of devices sold and distributed during the reporting period, including those
distributed to distributors. The distribution data will serve as a denominator and provide necessary context
for FDA to ascertain the frequency and prevalence of adverse events, as FDA evaluates the continued safety
and effectiveness of the device.

This is a reminder that as of September 24, 2014, class III devices are subject to certain provisions of the
final Unique Device Identification (UDI) rule. These provisions include the requirement to provide a UDI on
the device label and packages (21 CFR 801.20), format dates on the device label in accordance with 21 CFR
801.18, and submit data to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR 830
Subpart E). Additionally, 21 CFR 814.84 (b)(4) requires PMA annual reports submitted after September 24,
2014, to identify each device identifier currently in use for the subject device, and the device identifiers for
devices that have been discontinued since the previous periodic report. It is not necessary to identify any
device identifier discontinued prior to December 23, 2013. Combination Products may also be subject to
UDI requirements (see 21 CFR 801.30). For more information on these requirements, please see the UDI
website, https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance/uniquedevice-identification-udi-system.

Before making any change affecting the safety or effectiveness of the PMA device, you must submit a PMA
supplement or an alternate submission (30-day notice) in accordance with 21 CFR 814.39. All PMA
supplements and alternate submissions (30-day notice) must comply with the applicable requirements in 21
CFR 814.39. For more information, please refer to the FDA guidance document entitled, "Modifications to
Devices Subject to Premarket Approval (PMA) - The PMA Supplement Decision-Making Process"
https://www.fda.gov/media/81431/download.

You are reminded that many FDA requirements govern the manufacture, distribution, and marketing of
devices. For example, in accordance with the Medical Device Reporting (MDR) regulation, 21 CFR 803.50
and 21 CFR 803.52 for devices or post-marketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination
products, you are required to report adverse events for this device. Manufacturers of medical devices,
including in vitro diagnostic devices, are required to report to FDA no later than 30 calendar days after the
day they receive or otherwise becomes aware of information, from any source, that reasonably suggests that
one of their marketed devices:

P200003 – Mrs. Ann Waterhouse                                                       Page 3


1. May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or

2.  Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the manufacturer would be likely to
   cause or contribute to a death or serious injury  if the malfunction were to recur.

Additional information on MDR, including how, when, and where to report, is available at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-report­
medical-device-problems and on combination product post-marketing safety reporting is available at (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products).

In accordance with the recall requirements specified in 21 CFR 806.10 for devices or the post-marketing
safety reporting requirements (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products, you are required to submit a
written report to FDA of any correction or removal of this device initiated by you to: (1) reduce a risk to
health posed by the device; or (2) remedy a violation of the act caused by the device which may present a
risk to health, with certain exceptions specified in 21 CFR 806.10(a)(2). Additional information on recalls is
available at https://www.fda.gov/safety/recalls-market-withdrawals-safety-alerts/industry-guidance-recalls.

CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that
device labeling must be truthful and not misleading. CDRH will notify the public of its decision to approve
your PMA by making available, among other information, a summary of the safety and effectiveness data
upon which the approval is based. The information can be found on the FDA CDRH Internet Home Page
located at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-approvals-denials-and-clearances/pma-approvals.
Written requests for this information can also be made to the Food and Drug Administration, Dockets
Management Branch, (HFA-305), 5630 Fishers Lane, Rm. 1061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written request
should include the PMA number or docket number. Within 30 days from the date that this information  is
placed on the Internet, any interested person may seek review of this decision by submitting a petition for
review under section 515(g) of the act and requesting either a hearing or review by an independent advisory
committee. FDA may, for good cause, extend this 30-day filing period.

Failure to comply with any post-approval requirement constitutes a ground for withdrawal of approval of a
PMA. The introduction or delivery for introduction  into interstate commerce of a device that is not in
compliance with its conditions of approval is a violation of law.

You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device, you must
submit an amendment to this PMA submission with a copy of all final labeling. Final labeling that is
identical to the labeling approved in draft form will not routinely be reviewed by FDA staff when
accompanied by a cover letter stating that the final labeling  is identical to the labeling approved in draft
form. If the final labeling  is not identical, any changes from the final draft labeling should be highlighted and
explained in the amendment.

P200003 – Mrs. Ann Waterhouse                                                       Page 4


All required documents should be submitted, unless otherwise specified, to the address below and should
reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.

       U.S. Food and Drug Administration
       Center for Devices and Radiological Health
      Document Control Center - WO66-G609
      10903 New Hampshire Avenue
        Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Marjan Nabili at 240-402-3828 or
Marjan.Nabili@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                   Sincerely,


                                            Robert Ochs, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director for Radiological Health
                                   OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                               Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health