April 30, 2025

Element Science, Inc.
Uday Kumar
Founder, President & CEO
301 Chesapeake Drive
Redwood City, California 94063


Re: P230022
    Trade/Device Name: Jewel Patch Wearable Cardioverter Defibrillator (P-WCD) ("Jewel"), Jewel PWCD Firmware, Device Accessories Skin Preparation Kit, Placement Accessory,
                       Device Removal Kit, Optional Software Accessories ES Mobile Application, ES
                        Cloud, ES Report Generator, ES Clinical Portal
    Product Code: MVK
     Filed: July 3, 2023
   Amended: January 6, 2023, August 2, 2024, and February 18, 2025

Dear Uday Kumar:

The Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has
completed its review of your premarket approval application (PMA) for the Jewel Patch Wearable
Cardioverter Defibrillator (P-WCD) ("Jewel"), Jewel P-WCD Firmware, Device Accessories Skin
Preparation Kit, Placement Accessory, Device Removal Kit, Optional Software Accessories ES Mobile
Application, ES Cloud, ES Report Generator, ES Clinical Portal. The Jewel is indicated for adult patients
who are at risk for Sudden Cardiac Arrest and either are not candidates for or refuse an implantable
defibrillator.

Based upon the information submitted, the PMA is approved. You may begin commercial distribution of the
device in accordance with the conditions of approval described below. Although this letter refers to your
product as a device, please be aware that some approved products may instead be combination products. The
Premarket Approval Database available at
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfPMA/pma.cfm identifies combination product
submissions.

The sale and distribution of this device are restricted to prescription use in accordance with 21 CFR 801.109
and under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the act). The device is
further restricted under section 515(d)(1)(B)(ii) of the act insofar as the labeling must specify the specific
training or experience practitioners need in order to use the device. FDA has determined that these
restrictions on sale and distribution are necessary to provide reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the device.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 7 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

P230022 – Uday Kumar                                                                Page 2


Your device is therefore a restricted device subject to the requirements in sections 502(q) and (r) of the act,
in addition to all other applicable requirements, including those governing the manufacture, distribution, and
marketing of devices.

Expiration dating for this device has been established and approved at 6 months.

Continued approval of the PMA is contingent upon the submission of periodic reports, required under 21
CFR 814.84, at intervals of one year (unless otherwise specified) from the date of approval of the original
PMA. This report, identified as "Annual Report" and bearing the applicable PMA reference number, should
be submitted to the address below. The Annual Report should indicate the beginning and ending date of the
period covered by the report and must include the information required by 21 CFR 814.84.

In addition to the above, and in order to provide continued reasonable assurance of the safety and
effectiveness of the PMA device, under 21 CFR 814.82(a)(9), the Annual Report must include, separately for
each model number (if applicable), the number of devices sold and distributed during the reporting period,
including those distributed to distributors. The distribution data will serve as a denominator and provide
necessary context for FDA to ascertain the frequency and prevalence of adverse events, as FDA evaluates the
continued safety and effectiveness of the device.

You have agreed to provide the following non-clinical information as part of the annual report, which may
be followed by a PMA supplement where applicable.

    1. The number of devices returned to the applicant for cause from domestic sources, with a breakdown
        into:
             a.  Those returned for normal end-of-life; and
            b.  Those returned with any alleged failures or malfunctions, including a summary of root causes
             and the frequency of occurrence for each identified root cause.
    2. A summary of information available to you related to individual domestic uses of your device that
     may include, but is not limited to:
             a.  Defibrillation success and the number of shocks required for success; and
            b.  Identification of any error codes or malfunctions during use and their related MDR number.
    3. A listing of any safety alerts, technical service bulletins, user communications, or recalls for devices
       under this PMA

You must obtain approval of your post-approval study (PAS) protocol(s) within 60 days from the date of this
order. Within 30 days of your receipt of this letter, you must submit a PMA supplement that includes a
complete protocol of your post-approval study described below. Your PMA supplement should be clearly
labeled as a "PMA Post-Approval Study Protocol" as noted below and submitted to the address below.
Please reference the PMA number above to facilitate processing. If there are multiple protocols being
finalized after PMA approval, please submit each protocol as a separate PMA supplement.

In addition to the Annual Report requirements, you must provide the following data in post-approval study
(PAS) reports for each PAS listed below.

    1. The Jewel P-WCD post approval study is intended to confirm the safety and effectiveness of the
       Jewel P-WCD in the post-market setting. This is a prospective observational study demonstrating the

P230022 – Uday Kumar                                                                Page 3


       detection rate of the Jewel AI/ML-based Rhythm Recognition Detector. FDA suggests utilizing an
       objective performance goal with a minimum collection of 200 VT/VF events. No additional patient
       follow-up is required. In addition to the arrhythmia analysis performance, the PAS will also report the
        false alarm rate of the Jewel system with a percentage of false alarms which were successfully
       averted by the patient and those which resulted in an inappropriate shock to the patient. Lastly, the
     PAS will also report the rate of skin related adverse events by severity and whether the patient
       stopped using the Jewel due to skin related adverse events. This was reviewed under the protocol
       provided via email on April 10, 2025. Element Science proposes to provide FDA with a PAS Report
       every six (6) months for the first two (2) years and annually thereafter, beginning from the date of the
       approval letter for PMA P230022.

Each PAS report should be submitted to the address below identified as a "PMA Post-Approval Study
Report" in accordance with how the study is identified above and bearing the applicable PMA reference
number.

Be advised that failure to comply with any post-approval requirement, including initiation or enrollment,
constitutes grounds for FDA withdrawal of approval of the PMA in accordance with 21 CFR 814.82(c) and
814.46(a)(2).

Be advised that the failure to conduct any such study in compliance with the good clinical laboratory
practices in 21 CFR part 58 (if a non-clinical study subject to part 58) or the institutional review board
regulations in 21 CFR part 56 and the informed consent regulations in 21 CFR part 50 (if a clinical study
involving human subjects) may be grounds for FDA withdrawal of approval of the PMA in accordance with
21 CFR 814.46(a)(3)-(4).

Be advised that protocol information, interim and final results will be published on the Post-Approval
Studies Program Database Webpage, available at
https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfPMA/pma_pas.cfm.

In addition, the results from any post approval study should be included in the labeling as these data become
available. Under 21 CFR 814.39, any updated labeling must be submitted to FDA in the form of a PMA
Supplement. For more information on post-approval studies, see the FDA guidance document entitled,
"Procedures for Handling Post-Approval Studies Imposed by Premarket Approval Application Order"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/71327/download).

This is a reminder that as of September 24, 2014, class III devices are subject to certain provisions of the
final Unique Device Identification (UDI) rule. These provisions include the requirement to provide a UDI on
the device label and packages (21 CFR 801.20), format dates on the device label in accordance with 21 CFR
801.18, and submit data to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830
Subpart E). Additionally, 21 CFR 814.84 (b)(4) requires PMA annual reports submitted after September 24,
2014, to identify each device identifier currently in use for the subject device, and the device identifiers for
devices that have been discontinued since the previous periodic report. It is not necessary to identify any
device identifier discontinued prior to December 23, 2013. Combination Products may also be subject to
UDI requirements (see 21 CFR 801.30). For more information on these requirements, please see the UDI
website available at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/unique-device-identification-udi-system.

P230022 – Uday Kumar                                                                Page 4


Before making any change affecting the safety or effectiveness of the PMA device, you must submit a PMA
supplement or an alternate submission (30-day notice) in accordance with 21 CFR 814.39. All PMA
supplements and alternate submissions (30-day notice) must comply with the applicable requirements in 21
CFR 814.39. Additional information about changes that may require a PMA supplement are provided in the
FDA guidance document entitled, "Modifications to Devices Subject to Premarket Approval (PMA) - The
PMA Supplement Decision-Making Process" https://www.fda.gov/media/81431/download.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production and process controls (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and
document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

You are reminded that many FDA requirements govern the manufacture, distribution, and marketing of
devices. For example, in accordance with the Medical Device Reporting (MDR) regulation, 21 CFR 803.50
and 21 CFR 803.52 for devices or post-marketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for
combination products, you are required to report adverse events for this device. Manufacturers of medical
devices, including in vitro diagnostic devices, are required to report to FDA no later than 30 calendar days
after the day they receive or otherwise becomes aware of information, from any source, that reasonably
suggests that one of their marketed devices:

1. May have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury; or

2. Has malfunctioned and such device or similar device marketed by the manufacturer would be likely to
   cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur.

Additional information on MDR, including how, when, and where to report, is available at
https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-how-reportmedical-device-problems and on combination product post-marketing safety reporting is available at
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products.

In accordance with the recall requirements specified in 21 CFR 806.10 for devices or the post-marketing
safety reporting requirements (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products, you are required to
submit a written report to FDA of any correction or removal of this device initiated by you to: (1) reduce a
risk to health posed by the device; or (2) remedy a violation of the act caused by the device which may
present a risk to health, with certain exceptions specified in 21 CFR 806.10(a)(2). Additional information on
recalls is available at
https://www.fda.gov/safety/recalls-market-withdrawals-safety-alerts/industry-guidance-recalls.

CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that
device labeling must be truthful and not misleading. CDRH will notify the public of its decision to approve
your PMA by making available, among other information, a summary of the safety and effectiveness data
upon which the approval is based. The information can be found at

P230022 – Uday Kumar                                                                Page 5


https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-approvals-denials-and-clearances/pma-approvals. Written
requests for this information can also be made to the Food and Drug Administration, Dockets Management
Branch, (HFA-305), 5630 Fishers Lane, Rm. 1061, Rockville, MD 20852. The written request should
include the PMA number or docket number. Within 30 days from the date that this information is placed on
the Internet, any interested person may seek review of this decision by submitting a petition for review under
section 515(g) of the act and requesting either a hearing or review by an independent advisory committee.
FDA may, for good cause, extend this 30-day filing period.

Failure to comply with any post-approval requirement constitutes a ground for withdrawal of approval of a
PMA. The introduction or delivery for introduction into interstate commerce of a device that is not in
compliance with its conditions of approval is a violation of law.

You are reminded that, as soon as possible and before commercial distribution of your device, you must
submit an amendment to this PMA submission with a copy of all final labeling. Final labeling that is
identical to the labeling approved in draft form will not routinely be reviewed by FDA staff when
accompanied by a cover letter stating that the final labeling is identical to the labeling approved in draft
form. If the final labeling is not identical, any changes from the final draft labeling should be highlighted and
explained in the amendment.

All required documents should be submitted, unless otherwise specified, to the address below and should
reference the above PMA number to facilitate processing.

       U.S. Food and Drug Administration
       Center for Devices and Radiological Health
      Document Control Center - WO66-G609
      10903 New Hampshire Avenue
        Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002

If you have any questions concerning this approval order, please contact Luke Ralston at 301-796-6362 or
Luke.Ralston@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                 Sincerely,
                          Hetal B. Odobasic -S
                                             Hetal Odobasic
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                   Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health